R2EBIZ57N5JG0B	5.0	Great Multipurpose Tablet	1583	1651	This product is amazing. It's not perfect, but considering that I'll have it for at least 2 years and I've used it every day so far, I certainly get my $.40 worth each day! It's very sturdy and I know it will hold up well, as my other Apple products have. I have friends who still use their original iPads (they work just fine, but many applications don't run on the operating system). I have a Kindle (an old version), and still love my Kindle as a reader. It's the only way I can read in the sunlight and it's SO lightweight. Eventually, I'll upgrade to a new Kindle reader, but I see them as having different purposes. The iPad is a mini computer, and the non-Fire Kindle is the equivalent of carrying around a book (or a thousand). iPad 3 vs. iPad 4: I purchased the version right before this one--the iPad 3--several weeks before the announcement of this version. I called Apple a few days after the announcement, and they immediately set me up with a way to return the iPad 3 to repurchase the newest version. I realize that some people were angry about the announcement, but there has to be a cut off date for new technology at some point, and I thought that Apple treated me as well or better than I've seen from any other technology company. Yes, both the iPad 3 and 4 have very crisp, clear screens (which are stunning for video quality compared to my Macbook from 2010). However, the increased speed of the iPad 4 makes the video quality seem clearer. It's difficult to explain, but movies definitely got a bit crisper. Also, the increased speed really is incredible when opening apps and running a lot at once. I'd say the time it takes to open large applications is cut in half. But, I was so impressed with the iPad 3 when it came, and if I hadn't been able to exchange it, I would still give it a 5-star review--it's definitely not "obsolete." Finally, what makes the iPad special? First, no one *needs* one. But now that I have one, it's sure useful and I wouldn't want to go back to life before I got one. Here's why: * I sit at school or at work in front of a computer all day. I am always typing or reading on the screen. Coming come to something different is nice--it's refreshing. I'd rather watch a tv show on a 10" iPad than any other non-TV device (laptop, tablet, phone, etc.). The picture quality is great for movies and browsing, and the 10" screen is big enough to share if a friend and I want to watch something together. A 7" isn't enough for that or big enough to basically serve as a TV replacement. * It is functional enough to REPLACE a computer. Don't get me wrong, I still need my computer for editing files, serious typing, spreadsheets, etc. But right after I got the ipad, I went on a 10-day trip. No computer, no problem. I could take care of all of my emails from work and school, keep in touch, keep up with my finances, etc. It was anything I'd need for a non-work trip. Web browsing works just as well as a laptop for 95% of sites, and there's an app for many that even improves the browsing experience. * Given the first two points, I think owning an iPad will greatly extend the life of my laptop. I probably use my laptop 50% less now that I have an iPad, so I'll probably get an extra year of life out of my laptop as a result. That, in itself, makes the purchase of an iPad worth it in my eyes. * Integration with other Mac devices. This doesn't apply to everyone, but if you're a Mac user for a laptop or an iPhone, I'd highly recommend the iPad over alternatives, even if it's more expensive. If you're hooked on Windows products or Google products, I'd consider those devices. * The number of apps. I know that apps are everywhere these days, but, it seems at least, that there are still the most applications for Apple devices. The difference is especially noticeable in non-retail applications. For example, I've tried dozens of "to do" and organizer apps, and my favorite, Errands, is only available on iOS. Another of my favorites, Fotopedia Heritage (a gorgeous display of UNESCO World Heritage photography), is only on iPad. So far (and this may change), a lot of companies also choose to release new iOS versions of applications first. This edge will decrease with time, but for now it is still a significant "plus" for an iPad over other tablets for those who are into applications. Also, I can run most iPhone apps on the iPad, and there's an easy way to tell the difference (e.g. you can search just for iPad apps or for iPhone/iPad/iPod apps). Not sure if you can do this on other tablets, but I've found it useful (e.g. my bank only has an iphone app, but I can still run it on my iPad). Finally, though, just to be clear, this is NOT just a device for running applications. I could do almost everything I choose to do through applications just by using a web browser. * The number of accessories. Many won't care about this, but some will. If you like to have cases to protect your electronics, the sheer number for iPad is a draw (not a huge one, but the sprinkles on the cake). Everything's out there, from cheap plastic covers to the smart cover (the one that folds as a stand) to professional-looking leather folios to designer soft zip cases. It can be a fashion statement, but it's more likely just a way to make sure to keep your device safe. * Finally, and this may be petty, but it's the most professional device. In the field I know (law), partners at law firms and federal judges use iPads, not other devices to read briefs, send emails, etc. I've never seen anyone doing work on a Kindle device and I've never even seen another tablet in a professional setting. Part of this may be that it's a well-established product, and part may be that the 10-inch screen is nice for reading, even if it's bulkier. Being able to feel comfortable that you can carry your device in a professional environment may matter for some, and the iPad definitely delivers above other devices there.
R3BMUEIS22L9P6	1.0	Ipad is hanging and not acceptable Return policy	167	174	Hi Guys I had a very bad experience with purchasing an Apple iPad with Retina Display MD514LL/A (32GB, Wi-Fi, White) 4th Gen. from Amazon (Seller -->Word Wide distributor). I had complained on second day of the item received date .I used device for few hours and it started hanging and i need to restart device 2-3 times.So i decided to return this defective product however i got below response from seller and denied to accept return of device which is disgusting and not acceptable :( "this seller's returns policy states: Drones, Computers, Video Cameras, Camera, MP3 Players, iPods, iPads, Tablets, Ear phones, Headphones, PC Hardware, Navigation, Point Cards, Software & Projectors- We will not accept any returns if the unit has been open and the factory seal is broken." How any one can check the product whether it is working fine or not before open the item from box.I would suggest others to BUY electronic items from bestbuy or any other well known electronic shops so that buyer's money is safe and they do not need to regret on the purchase that i had.
RM1Y65IQTWOX5	5.0	LOVING THE NEW IPAD 4!! HERE'S A BREAK DOWN	856	921	The 8in Apple iPad Mini was eagerly anticipated, but the new 10in iPad 4 (or iPad with Retina Display as Apple insists on calling it) is a surprise as it arrives only nine months after its predecessor the iPad 3. Externally, the iPad 4 looks and feels identical to its predecessor. Although it is sturdy and slim, it's still the same weight at around 650g. I had hoped for a reduction in weight since the iPad 3 was around 50g heavier than the iPad 2. The battery lasted 12 hours when I was playing videos matching the time achieved by the smaller iPad Mini. The 10in screen still has the same 2,048x1,536 pixel resolution. It's very sharp and bright with exceptional image quality, especially when compared to lower resolution tablets like the iPad Mini. Only the upcoming Samsung Nexus 10 Android tablet will have a display potentially capable of matching it. All the changes are on the inside rather than the outside. The A6X dual-core processor is twice as fast as the iPad 3's A5X chip, but this will make little real difference until apps are designed to take advantage of it. Apple will doubtless release features in future versions of iOS that will only run on the A6X, but that has yet to happen.The iPad 4 is thankfully compatible with the recently launched EE LTE network. HD Facetime I was pleased with Video chatting and that the front-facing camera now records in 720p resolution which gave better, more accurate-looking video although the speed of my broadband connection did also affect image quality. The iPad 4 may be a modest upgrade over its predecessor but it's still the best 10in tablet so far, which says just as much about the competition as it does about Apple's tablet. It's still relatively heavy though, so lighter tablets such as the iPad Mini will be a better buy for some. Here are the Tech Specs for those who don't know---- Hardware: Height 9.5 inches Width 7.31 inches Thickness 0.37 inches Weight 1.44 pounds Color Silver / Black, Silver / White Speakers Mono Display: Screen size (diagonal) 9.7 inches Technology IPS LCD Resolution (X) 2048 px Resolution (Y) 1536 px PPI 264 Touchscreen type Capacitive Multitouch Yes Software: Operating system iOS Launch OS version 6 Media streaming AirPlay Processor: CPU brand Apple CPU model A6X Clock speed 1.4 GHz Cores 2 Memory: RAM size 1 GB Storage: Internal size 64 GB, 32 GB, 16 GB Connectivity: Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi support 802.11n, 802.11g, 802.11b, 802.11a 802.11n frequencies 5GHz, 2.4GHz Bluetooth Yes Bluetooth version 4.0 Front Camera: Effective pixels 1.2 megapixels Video resolution 720p Video framerate 30 Rear Camera: Effective pixels 5 megapixels Focus type Autofocus Video resolution 1080p Video framerate 30 Ports: Video out Yes Headphone 3.5mm Data connections Lightning Sensors: Sensors Ambient Light, Gyroscope, Accelerometer Battery: Capacity 42.5 Wh Removable No Quoted use time 10 hr This is the best tablet out there so far!! The screen is amazing and apple once again did an excellent job!
R3PO54J7RA7969	4.0	Nice But Not An Overwhelming Nice	716	776	Honestly, I had been trying to figure out what an iPad4 was. Well, this is essentially an iPad3 with a few improvements that I really like. I already own an iPad2, but decided to upgrade to this because I needed to bump up to 32GB. That, and a deal on this iPad which was incredible convinced me to upgrade now. I still use my MacAir and my Dell laptops, but the iPad is my daily go to device and where I go an iPad is going. Great battery life and minimal problems make this a much loved convenience. The improvements are not overwhelming, but the truth is I already love the iPad and this makes it better. I've always thought the screen image was very good, but this is an obvious step up. It is clear, bright and vivid with the improved retina display. The iSight camera at five megapixels is very good, but I wasn't complaining about the pictures I took with my old iPad. Still, it is a nice improvement and it takes a much clearer picture than my old iPhone. The new processor is really fast. I didn't think it was slow before but when I have a lot of apps running I've noticed that it is faster. You'll have to trust me on this one. I tend to run a lot of stuff at the same time and the old iPad was slower, but not to the extent that I found it irritating or irksome. I like the new lightening connector which is an 8 wire adapter. Just me, but it seems less clunky. However, if you have a lot of Apple products that use the old 30 wire adapter, this may be a pain. I'm going to have to get another car charger/wall charger and I'll have to take two chargers to cover both adapter types when I hit the road. Another thing I like is my personal secretary Siri. Depress the screen button and Siri is ready to roll. It is voice interpretive intuitive software that retrieves information. While this will probably seem like rudimentary artificial intelligence in a few years, I get a total kick out of it. It's nice to get directions or find out where the Sox are playing or get the earliest showing of a movie. Love it, though I am still playing around with it and probably haven't scratched the surface yet. I don't know if there is any truth to this, but I've heard that the Suri software may be available for the earlier versions of iPad at a later date. As for the size and weight, minimally larger but I'd be hard pressed to say this except I compared the specs. Here is the thing. If you don't care about a better camera or a better display or a faster processing speed or having your own cyber slave to talk to, go with the less expensive iPad2. I like Apple products. I have been using the iPad for two years now and it is fairly trouble free. The few problems I've had were the result of software upgrades. I am absolutely no techie type, but the problems have all been fixed with minimal grief. This product is getting 4* because the differences between this iPad and its predecessor are slight when you look at the overall big picture. This takes a great product and kicks it up a notch or two, but it hasn't reinvented or reimagined the iPad. Update: I am liking this better each day. The updated processor is nice but this also seems a bit more intuitive if it can possibly be so. The imaging is incredible and the pictures this takes are amazing in their clarity and level of detail. I found that my pricey Joby stand case, which was supposedly made to fit with my iPad 2 works with the new iPad despite very slightly different dimensions. I'm delighted that it doesn't have to be tossed. The only problem I've encountered thus far was an upgrade to the software. This is Apple's problem since it screwed up our other iPads with the same problems, most notably with mail. There is a fix that I found on an Apple forum. Love this, but it is still a 4* considering everything.
R3B0NIXN13N3MB	5.0	You need one too!	193	213	I own a MacBook and our household owns 3 Ipod Touch devices, and I made the mistake last year in buying the Nook Tablet. It was ok, but I really didn't use it much because it was a pain to even access web pages, just clumsy overall. So I plunked down the cash this year and took to leap. I bought this IPad on Black Friday from the Apple store and it is getting heavy use every day at my house. Here are the pros and cons: Pros- Awesome Retina display- this is pretty nice. I wouldn't say it was a selling point, but is nice to have. Nice chip- this has the newest chip in it, and you can't get that with the mini. Apps- I love the apps. My Nook was a joke compared to the immense amount of choices I have now. Great for kids- My 4 year old loves it...and I mean LOVES it. There are so many good free apps for her to learn with. Voice dictation- This is it folks. This was where I dropped the extra $130 or whatever. You can build documents just speaking. Lightweight- it feels really good as all Apple products do. Charge time- I run this thing all day long and just plug it in at night. Capabilities- I feel like I am just scratching the surface, seriously. Cons- Handling- You need a case, absolutely. I bought an Otterbox Defender. This thing almost hit the floor 2 times when I got it. It is just slippery and is pretty solid so one wrong shift of weight and it might fly out of your hands. I have no other complaints.
R17MWPL4MIUCNI	1.0	Warning Defective iPad!	507	590	I love apple products, just like most of the world does! I sold my ipad3 to get the new ipad4 due to the HD front facing camera and the blazing fast A6 chip compared to the A5 I had in my ipad3. Long story short, Biggest mistake ever! The ipad4th generation has an issue with Wi-Fi, if you don't believe me or if you are skeptical just Google it and it will appear right away. It is not my intention at all to harm apple, in fact I plan to return my ipad4 and buy an ipad3 because it was perfect. Also, Just to let you know, after I received my ipad4 I sold it and bought another one just to discover it had the same problem with Wi-Fi. Apple made a huge mistake with their new generation ipad4, and they should either fix the problem or stop selling the unit. The new ipad will disconnect every 5-15 mins constantly! It's terrible, it will make you angry, frustrated ,and this is far from what you would call quality. It's your money and your call, just don't say I didn't warn you. The only reason I am writing this review is to prevent people from having the same terrible experience I had.
R1K2CUR75Z9JOL	5.0	Apple iPad 4	237	274	I just purchased this device, i previously owned the iPad 2 and the iPad 3rd gen. Below are some of the improvements with this latest model and some of my impressions. Pros - Dual-core A6X with quad-core graphics means games and apps runs twice as fast compared to the 3rd Gen iPad. No slowdowns on apps that i previously had problems with. - Wifi speeds are also twice as fast. The improvements are noticeable, downloading on the Appstore, watching Youtube and just browsing are quick. - It runs cooler. Using this device for several hours won't burn you, Battery life is also the same to the previous model. - Front facing camera is 720p, back is 5 megapixel Cons - Lightning connection port means some accessories won't work without an adapter. - The camera quality wasn't that impressive. Overall the upgraded version has many improvements, if your undecided about making the purchase all you have to do is ask yourself, are you happy with the performance of your current device? if your not a gamer and your not using apps that require a lot of processing power then you don't really need it but if your experiencing slow downs, this is the device you need.
R11KEN9EN43WKN	2.0	Be wary of third-party Apple purchases	77	86	Apple allows you to purchase Applecare within 30 days if you purchase an Apple product from another vendor. Two issues came up when I purchased Applecare for an iPad I bought on Amazon, one the Applecare starts the date the third-party vendor bought the item from Apple, not the date you buy it from Amazon. Secondly, you will not be able to purchase Applecare Plus, which is an enhanced version of Applecare (allowing for replacement of broken devices due to your fault, not just manufacturer defects).
R2FOXOVPREEH8N	1.0	Lemon, not Apple: wi-fi connectivity issues	316	374	I thought I would love the iPad, but I don't even like it at this point. I love my sister's iPad, my son's and others', but mine won't stay connected to wifi. I tried to troubleshoot using Apple's website, called AppleCare several times, and ultimately sent the iPad to AppleCare for repair. But my iPad still doesn't work. In the same locations that my iPad is nonfunctional, I can use my sister's iPad (she has the iPad w/retina display, too, and I set hers up the same as mine) with no wifi connectivity issues. But every time I try to access the internet, I get the message that my iPad is not connected to the internet. I go to settings, select the wifi connection, and if it connects at all, it's only briefly. This happens not just with my home router, but at my place of employment and other wifi access public places (where other iPad users report no difficulty and I have no problems with my laptop, etc.). The AppleCare folks sent my iPad back in 2 days (fast service but the porblem is not solved) with a form letter that states my iPad meets Apple's specifications for acceptable performance. Unfortunately, it doesn't meet my standards. I have a $700+ lemon. I know the Apple iPad is amazing when it works (and it usually works, according to the vast majority of reviews). If Apple replaces this lemon with an iPad that actually works, I will update my review accordingly. Update-1/13/13: I spoke with AppleCare again and was instructed to send the iPad back for maintenance--this will be the second time. Why should I expect it to work this time? What a a waste of time! Another week+ without a functional iPad. If the problem persists after this encounter with AppleCare, I was told the iPad would be replaced. I am becoming more disillusioned with Apple. I have had experience with other iPads and know they can be wonderful when they work, so I would not advise against buying this iPad. But purchase with the knowledge that there is a significant problem with wifi connectivity attested to by many consumers on Apple's own discussion forum. I'm thoroughly frustrated with this lemon and my experience with AppleCare! Update-1/28/13: After a few returns for maintenance without improvement in performance, Apple replaced my new iPad with a refurbished one. It connects to the internet, but is slow. I've updated my router, called my wifi provider, and it's still the same. If I could, I would return this one. One of the big selling points of the iPad is the ease of use and mine has been anything but easy to use with this wifi connectivity issue. Another big selling point is the fast connection speed--not so for me. I would have been far happier with a netbook and completely regret this purchase.
R1PNO6IFAU3AAS	5.0	This is an excellent device, but Apple did a disservice to owners of previous version	110	128	I've tested this device extensively in the local Apple store, and there's no doubt in my mind that it's the best version of iPad to date. For this it deserves 5 stars. As an owner of the "New iPad, aka iPad 3rd generation," however, I feel that Apple did an injustice to those who purchased it. The previous version was released to much fan fair in March 2012. This version was released a mere 7 months later, in October 2012. When I called Apple to find out why they would release a newer version so soon after the previous one, the representative who I spoke with informed me that there were problems with the 3rd generation, and as a result, Apple removed it from the market and introduced the generation 4. I have no problem with the fact that technology constantly changes, and that computers are outdated in short order. What I have a problem with, is the fact that Apple prematurely introduced the 3rd generation of the iPad knowing full well that it wasn't ready to be sold. While Tim Cook was onstage last March promoting the 3rd generation of the iPad as the most revolutionary product ever offered by Apple, he knew that it was just a stop-gap measure until the components were ready for the model that you see here. I love Apple products and have always thought that the company treated their customers in the highest regard. As a result of the above, I now feel differently about the company, not the products. As of this writing, Apple sells the iPad 2 and the iPad with Retina Display, aka the 4th generation. They do not sell the 3rd generation at all, as the one listed here is what the 3rd generation was supposed to be. I feel that this is very deceptive on the part of Apple and believe that owners of the now obsolete 3rd generation model should be given the option, for a fee to upgrade to the model presented here. I spoke with customer relations at Apple regarding the above and was told that this would not be an option. They readily agreed that there were "issues," with the 3rd generation model, but refused to tell me what they are. In this regard, they are certainly not being very transparent to their loyal customers. So, the bottom line is that the iPad with Retina Display is a marvelous device, however owners of the previous generation got screwed. I'm giving the model presented here 5 stars, because that's what it deserves. On the other hand, if I had the option to grant stars to the way Apple treated owners of the previous version, I would give them just 1 star.
RT8ZEN18U0YUX	4.0	Well designed, lack of Chrome default w/o jailbreaking, no Google Maps, only 1GB memory, false WIFI claims	34	37	As much as I didn't want to buy another iPad for my new tablet, Apple makes great hardware and has a nice, simple, stable operating system. If they just stuck with that I'd never leave them. Unfortunately I love my Google also and Apple is pulling an AOL by trying to make its customers be stuck with their apps. We'll see how that works out for them, but they lost me as an iPhone customer because of it. That's my Apple rant :) Moving on to the review, the 'new' new IPad, aka iPad 4, is nice and quick! Had the original iPad and it became obsolete pretty quickly due to the small 256MB of memory - great for a game of freecell, but it couldn't hold more than a few web pages without having to do constant refreshes when you switch tabs, very annoying, hardly ever used it eventually. Bought an iPad 3 for my girlfriend, she didn't like it and we returned it to buy $100 necklace which she loved. Almost bought an iPad mini, cute size, then found out Apple only put in 512MB of memory - it can't handle many web pages without doing the annoying refresh thing either - already obsolete when it hit the shelves. So iPad 4 had the nice high res screen and 1 gig of memory, still only half the 2 gigs that comparable Android tablets have, but that's why we'll all have to buy another tablet in a year or two rather than 3-4 years for any other electronic device - planned obsolescence, slightly annoying also. I would do a Nexus 7 over the mini, but since I have an Android phone with a nice large screen (which I love compared to my iPhones), a Nexus 7 is too similar. So long story short, I like and use my iPad 4 a lot more than I thought I would, it's still currently the best tablet as of February 2013. The higher res screen, although not a big difference in the store, is actually really nice once you get used to it. My MacBook Air looks old now in comparison and I'll have to upgrade that when Apple adds the Retina display on the next generation. Web pages look great, HD apps are more available now and I even use my iPad to read with the Kindle app ... although I suspect Apple will take that away from you at some point also, ha! Greedy, oh well. Best of all the iPad is very quick and has great battery life so far, using mostly for web browsing and not gaming. WIFI claim of double the speed - FALSE. One of my big factors of getting the iPad was its claim of double the WIFI speeds as I want quick internet browsing. No one at Apple Store knows how or why it will give you this or whether it will do it without special equipment like a new router. So here is the deal - the new iPad gets HALF, not double, the WIFI speed of my three year old 2010 MacBook Air on the same (standard 2.4mhz) high speed cable modem WIFI router. I get about 66Mbps (speedtest.net) on my 2010 MacBook Air and only about 32Mbps on the new iPad. Tested it every way possible and the results only get worse if you adjust your router settings. Long story short, you need to get a new dual band (2.4mhz & 5 mhz) router if you want to get the higher claimed speed, but the claimed speed is only in comparison to prior iPads. Essentially buying a new router and going though the pain of setting that up with your ISP is the only way to get back to the wireless speeds Apple could do three years ago on a standard 2.4mhz WIFI router. Browsing is fairly quick and will obviously depend on your broadband connection, but to claim double and then not even equal three year old speeds is a little annoying. In conclusion, with all the little issues that Apple makes me not like them as a company, they still do make great hardware and they have a stable operating platform. If you are looking for a quick, smooth, full size tablet, the new iPad is hard to beat. We'll see what the rest of 2013 has to bring. As Android apps convert to full size tablet and HD over time, I think next year Apple will see a lot more competition. All I want is my Google apps on my iPad, is that too much to ask for to keep me an Apple customer in the future? Will have to go through the hassle of jailbreaking this to be able to make Chrome my default browser and then Apple will not allow updates, slightly annoying. But, yes, it's a really nice tablet otherwise.
R22E92CI5QKIG3	5.0	Apple iPad 4th Gen	23	24	I was given this iPad as a graduation gift to use during medical school. At first, I wasn't sure if it would be useful at all; rather, I thought it might be a distraction from my studying. After about two months in school, I absolutely LOVE this thing! The iPad is extremely useful and portable for studying anywhere, anytime. It offers several different apps that allow you to store PDF documents, highlight, and annotate. A helpful tip for people interested in using this for school. I subscribed for a free membership at Acrobat.com -- an Adobe product. This was a 100% free program. You download the Acrobat app to your iPad, and it will allow you to view, highlight, and annotate. The beauty of Acrobat is that they give you 5GB of free online storage. (5GB is almost unheard of to get for free... Drop Box only offers 2GB for free.) Once you have your Acrobat.com account set up, log on to the website from your desktop/laptop (wherever you have your PDF documents stored). From there, you upload your PDFs to Acrobat.com, and you can access them anywhere and anytime by logging on to the website. Your website login info will be saved in the Acrobat app on your iPad, and you can study and annotate your PDFs from there. Once you are done studying, Acrobat automatically saves your modifications to those PDFs, so you can view your latest modified document ANYWHERE. If you forget your iPad one day, you can log in on any computer and view/modify your documents from Acrobat.com. **By using Acrobat.com you will not use up any of your iPads hard drive space, so the 16GB was more than enough for me. ^^ Sorry about that tangent, but I found this extremely helpful, and I wanted to share it with everyone! Overall, I am extremely happy with the iPad. It is EXTREMELY user friendly. It is also versatile and can be used for almost any purpose. Definitely consider the iPad if you are looking to use it for games, study, internet browsing, etc...
R2UEDSGK0XUJQZ	3.0	Too many issues	51	58	Let me start by saying that the mediocre rating on this product had nothing to do with the seller I went through. I had several issues with the product when I first received the iPad, starting with a small issue of the home screen button not functioning properly. This was then compounded into a larger issue by the Apple "genius" not being such of a genius and replacing my iPad with a new ones and not swapping my SIM card (this was after a 3 hour wait at the Apple store). After several more hours on the phone with both Apple and Verizon, I was finally able to get them to over-night me a new SIM card and thought everything should be fine... wrong. The big issue I am now having is a "No SIM card" error, which I clearly do have as evidenced by the SIM card in my iPad. I have done some Google searching and have noticed that many others are having the same issue. My iPad will work great for some time and then give me that error and no longer let me connect to the internet through my Verizon service. All in all, when the iPad is working, its amazing, however when you pay >$700 for an item you expect it to work perfectly without having to lose hours of your time at the Apple store and on the phone. The customer service Apple has provided to me during this time is also making me rethink my switch to Apple products.
RXS80EZSQZOV9	1.0	Ipad known issue - fix is $300	64	74	I purchased an iPad3 on launch day - waited in line and everything. This was our 3rd iOS device and was my children's iPad. Basically from day 1 they loaded up the iPad with apps of all sort, so much so that there was not enough space to get updates. They have periodically come to me to complain about lack of wifi connectivity, I usually restarted the device and most of the time it would connect (for a time at least). I assumed this was some sort of a software issue that would be corrected when I upgraded. So I finally wiped off the iPad and upgraded and have only had a greyed out wifi on switch. We live in the great midwest nowhere close to an apple store. I finally made a trip to Des Moines IA to take to the apple store there for service. It is a wifi ant problem (a known issue) and the fix involved $300 to upgrade. It is certainly my fault for not believing my kids or investigating the issue sooner. The apple store is so well advertised as the place to go to get apple products fixed I wrongly assumed this was my only option. If this were any other sort of problem (bluetooth issue, cracked screen etc) I would expect that to be a reasonable option for an out of warranty issue - but with a known problem? Microsoft generated so much goodwill by fixing their known hardware issue no matter when purchased, why can' apple at least match the customer service of MSFT? I am just asking for my kid's ipad to be fixed so they can continue to use and purchase apps. Don't make me call the tech guy to complain - THIS IS A KNOWN ISSUE, I am just asking for Apple to take their billions of dollars and not stick it to a Dad trying to get his kids an iPad - does that seem unreasonable? Jason Demuth jasondemuth@hotmail.com
R1UNU7YAKVP7S3	2.0	Beware Apple support	37	42	The ipad is a good product, but beware Apple support if you purchase online! I believe it's a "dirty little secret"...when you purchase an Apple product on-line...it seems you are treated differently when it comes to support? You decide.... After recieving my $800 defective Ipad in the mail, I was told by Apple Care on the phone to "go to a store and they'll take care of it", so I did so and drove for an hour to the closest Apple store in Miami. So believe it or not, I could not get a repair job OR replacement from that store...or any of the 4 stores in the Miami area! How could this be I asked??? Maybe because I purchased my ipad from Amazon? I couldn't get a straight answer from any of the folks at the store but when I asked if they actually did not have an ipad in the store to replace mine, the answer was "warranty replacements come from a different inventory than ones for sale". And not one store in the greater Miami area had a "Replacement", according to them. I was told my only option was to go to a UPS store, and mail it via ground to them, and then in a week or so they would send me a "Replacement". Again, they could not tell me if it would be a new one, or a Refurb. Very disappointing from one of the most profitable corporations in the world. If I could do it again, I'd try a Samsung Tab.
RC6W0KOEYKB3X	4.0	Comes with a number of iAnnoyances	27	30	On the plus side the IPad has a fast charge time, long battery life, good Wi-Fi, a robust cpu, and an excellent display. That said, it's not without some flaws and annoyances. Foremost, there's no consistent method to back navigate. Perhaps, this was one of those cases where design overrules function; in order to keep the device looking elegant they sacrificed functionality. The result is confusion and inconsistency. In some cases you find yourself navigating back via the app itself; however sometimes you need to use the home function or start swiping. For example, at one point I opened a PDF that was attached to an email but then I could not easily find a way to close the PDF to return to the inbox. There's no consistency as to where the back function is to be found or what it may be called. Often you are forced to make reaches across the screen whereas if there was one consistent placement for a back function you always know where it is. The same is true for getting a list of apps running in the background. You are forced to use a awkward four finger up motion. Why not just give us a consistent button for a list of running apps? I found the need to use 4 finger swipes annoying.. Another missing function is the cancel key. If you accidentally start to download a huge file and want to abort - where's the key to stop the download? The app store is annoying as you can't search for apps in ways of your choosing. Why not offer advanced search that would give you some options to sort and filter? Another issue I have with the device is its dependence on iTunes. Certain files cannot be removed from the device unless you are on iTunes, really? Why? I should be able to delete files off my device. I'm assuming there's an app for doing that but really - why not just make that part of the OS? Speaking of what's not included - why not include a free calculator? Do I really need to shop for a basic calculator? The native Maps app is a work in progress with many roads or local features not labeled correctly. If you want to hook this device to a camera you need to purchase a special adapter but check the reviews for the adapter as many users are reporting it no longer works after the latest OS update. There's no easy way to manage your cookies in safari. In advanced setting you can either delete all cookie data or none. It has a very nice display however I refuse to adopt Apple marketing speak and call it "retina" display. Don't bother thinking you'll be able to send anything to your printer unless of course you have a specific "air" printer that will work with the Apple iOS. I could go on but hopefully you get the point that this device has both strong and weak points.
RW0F3WMKR54N	5.0	IPad 4	19	20	I was hesitant in buying my Ipad but it is the best thing I ever bought! I went from thinking I wanted a Kindle Fire and read all the reviews for both. Almost went with the Kindle BUT I am very happy I decided upon the IPad 4. My grandkids have a Kindle and so does my mother-in-law and they love it. But when my grandkids come over my house the all want my IPad. They fight over it. They say it can do so much more then their Kindle. It has so many apps. It can drive you crazy. It is fast to open and surf the internet and get my email quickly. I am not disappointed at all. The display on the screen is fabulous. I am just trying to get use to not have favorites in a drop down menu. But it is so easy you just have to look at your history or just speak to the ipad and ask them to surf the net and they find the site for you. Taking pictures and sending them is so easy too. I really like that feature. I am not a techy person and found I could not take pictures from my camera and down load them on to my computer. With this IPad it is easy. Well anyway I am very happy with it and glad I made this purchase.
RJBM4RY5CPH6C	5.0	Great tool for Education	33	38	Ignorance is bliss. I work at BestBuy and people always ask me "APPLE or ANDROID." Of course it depends on the user and most people who come in the store weren't technologically savvy. So, the majority of people wanted something easy to pick up and learn. Therefore, the majority of my recomendations were the iPad. I am in college and I have an internship. Both of these roles I use the iPad in. I am even using my iPad right now. I have a Macintosh computer and I found myself using my iPad for the majority of my computing needs. The iPad has also paid itself off by the cost of Text Books alone. Every book I get on my iPad saves me on average about $100. E text books are much cheaper than buying books on campus. I also have a keyboard case which they sell on Amazon for less $50.00. I use an app called Pages, which is an Apple developed app, that allows me to edit, import and export Word Documents. Not to mention its movie and music capabilities. I also invest heavily and the iPad has made my life so much easier when it comes to managing my investments and banking. Overall, the iPad has been a life saver for me and my family. Also, another great product that is a must have is a Zagg Invisible shield. They are a little difficult to put on but they have instructional videos on how to do it. Thanks for reading.
R3SMMYSRY22ZAE	1.0	ipad vs MS Surface	28	32	I have 2 iPads previously and so when time came to buy another, iPad was the top contender, but given the rising popularity of Microsoft Surface and Samsung Galaxy tab, I decided to try those out. MS Surface won hands down in my experience. First off, you can actually run more than one website on the Surface. If playing a Youtube video on the Surface and at the same time briefly browsing a different website, the Youtube video continues to play. Not so on the iPad. The video stops the momemt you browse to another website even in a different tab. Secondly, as far as Youtube is concerns the Surface version runs all videos like a full blown laptop. The iPad version runs only a subset of the videos and tells you to play the others on a computer. Thirdly, the Surface has a built in stand. No need to buy a cover stand separately. Fourth, even when not using the stand, the Surface is much easier to hold in the hand - slips much less than the iPad. I like the Surface user interface for switching from one browser tab to another better than the iPad. Not sure if that's a definite win for everyone since some folks may prefer the IPad. Not to mention the Surface is about half the price. True, iOS has more apps, but for all the apps I use (Amazon Instant Video, Netflix, Youtube, Skype, WhatsApp, email, browser, Yelp, and some travel related apps), both have all the apps needed. In fact the Surface has more Office apps for those who care about Powerpoint and Word.
R2NVMYCXD1WBB6	5.0	Great Multipurpose Tablet	35	41	This product is amazing. It's not perfect, but considering that I'll have it for at least 2 years and I've used it every day so far, I certainly get my $.40 worth each day! It's very sturdy and I know it will hold up well, as my other Apple products have. I have friends who still use their original iPads (they work just fine, but many applications don't run on the operating system). I have a Kindle (an old version), and still love my Kindle as a reader. It's the only way I can read in the sunlight and it's SO lightweight. Eventually, I'll upgrade to a new Kindle reader, but I see them as having different purposes. The iPad is a mini computer, and the non-Fire Kindle is the equivalent of carrying around a book (or a thousand). iPad 3 vs. iPad 4: I purchased the version right before this one--the iPad 3--several weeks before the announcement of this version. I called Apple a few days after the announcement, and they immediately set me up with a way to return the iPad 3 to repurchase the newest version. I realize that some people were angry about the announcement, but there has to be a cut off date for new technology at some point, and I thought that Apple treated me as well or better than I've seen from any other technology company. Yes, both the iPad 3 and 4 have very crisp, clear screens (which are stunning for video quality compared to my Macbook from 2010). However, the increased speed of the iPad 4 makes the video quality seem clearer. It's difficult to explain, but movies definitely got a bit crisper. Also, the increased speed really is incredible when opening apps and running a lot at once. I'd say the time it takes to open large applications is cut in half. But, I was so impressed with the iPad 3 when it came, and if I hadn't been able to exchange it, I would still give it a 5-star review--it's definitely not "obsolete." Finally, what makes the iPad special? First, no one *needs* one. But now that I have one, it's sure useful and I wouldn't want to go back to life before I got one. Here's why: * I sit at school or at work in front of a computer all day. I am always typing or reading on the screen. Coming come to something different is nice--it's refreshing. I'd rather watch a tv show on a 10" iPad than any other non-TV device (laptop, tablet, phone, etc.). The picture quality is great for movies and browsing, and the 10" screen is big enough to share if a friend and I want to watch something together. A 7" isn't enough for that or big enough to basically serve as a TV replacement. * It is functional enough to REPLACE a computer. Don't get me wrong, I still need my computer for editing files, serious typing, spreadsheets, etc. But right after I got the ipad, I went on a 10-day trip. No computer, no problem. I could take care of all of my emails from work and school, keep in touch, keep up with my finances, etc. It was anything I'd need for a non-work trip. Web browsing works just as well as a laptop for 95% of sites, and there's an app for many that even improves the browsing experience. * Given the first two points, I think owning an iPad will greatly extend the life of my laptop. I probably use my laptop 50% less now that I have an iPad, so I'll probably get an extra year of life out of my laptop as a result. That, in itself, makes the purchase of an iPad worth it in my eyes. * Integration with other Mac devices. This doesn't apply to everyone, but if you're a Mac user for a laptop or an iPhone, I'd highly recommend the iPad over alternatives, even if it's more expensive. If you're hooked on Windows products or Google products, I'd consider those devices. * The number of apps. I know that apps are everywhere these days, but, it seems at least, that there are still the most applications for Apple devices. The difference is especially noticeable in non-retail applications. For example, I've tried dozens of "to do" and organizer apps, and my favorite, Errands, is only available on iOS. Another of my favorites, Fotopedia Heritage (a gorgeous display of UNESCO World Heritage photography), is only on iPad. So far (and this may change), a lot of companies also choose to release new iOS versions of applications first. This edge will decrease with time, but for now it is still a significant "plus" for an iPad over other tablets for those who are into applications. Also, I can run most iPhone apps on the iPad, and there's an easy way to tell the difference (e.g. you can search just for iPad apps or for iPhone/iPad/iPod apps). Not sure if you can do this on other tablets, but I've found it useful (e.g. my bank only has an iphone app, but I can still run it on my iPad). Finally, though, just to be clear, this is NOT just a device for running applications. I could do almost everything I choose to do through applications just by using a web browser. * The number of accessories. Many won't care about this, but some will. If you like to have cases to protect your electronics, the sheer number for iPad is a draw (not a huge one, but the sprinkles on the cake). Everything's out there, from cheap plastic covers to the smart cover (the one that folds as a stand) to professional-looking leather folios to designer soft zip cases. It can be a fashion statement, but it's more likely just a way to make sure to keep your device safe. * Finally, and this may be petty, but it's the most professional device. In the field I know (law), partners at law firms and federal judges use iPads, not other devices to read briefs, send emails, etc. I've never seen anyone doing work on a Kindle device and I've never even seen another tablet in a professional setting. Part of this may be that it's a well-established product, and part may be that the 10-inch screen is nice for reading, even if it's bulkier. Being able to feel comfortable that you can carry your device in a professional environment may matter for some, and the iPad definitely delivers above other devices there.
R2KANTPPZ58UD7	1.0	They sell "Refurbished" when they advertise it as "Brand New".	14	14	Not "Brand New" as described. They sell "Refurbished" when they advertise it as "Brand New".
R1E34L1R3N8G4D	5.0	The Best By Far	20	22	I had been thinking about buying and Ipad for about a year, and finally purchased this one about two months ago. I'm so glad I did! Some of my friends have various tablets (Kindle Fire HD, Samsung, etc), and they just don't stand up to the Ipad. The touch-sensitivity response is so smooth and immediate, and the operating system is the most stable and easist to use. I can't get over the clarity of the Retina Display, and I easilty get 10 hours of use on each charge. I have noticed that it is a bit heavier than previous versions and other tablets, but honestly, I like the sturdy feel of metal and glass vs plastic. Wi-fi is very fast, and the selection of apps is incredible. If you're in the market for a tablet, this is the one!
R2PBHIA3GEW9AP	3.0	no warranty from Apple	18	20	No issue with product however I found out I could not get a warranty through apple after I pourchased off of Amazon. I was told by apple after I took the ipad to the apple store that they would not warranty the ipad because the 30 day grace period had expired. I showed them my amazon receipt and told them I purchased the item just two days prior however after they ran the serial number I was advised that the ipad had been purchased by a company months before, voiding the warranty. I did not buy from this specific seller however beware that if you purchase off of amazon from a third party seller you may be voiding the chance of warranty..
R1O9AK3Y3R5LJ7	3.0	Great iPad, bad charging cable	11	11	I really like the iPad and would have liked to give a 5 star rating, but the charging cable they sent with it was warn and gave intermittent connection. (see photo) After a few days the cable failed completely. I made two attempts to contact the seller to request a new cable but they ignored both requests. So I just went out and bought my own cable. The iPad was in very good condition, better than I had expected. The face was perfect, no scratches and very minor wear on the back side.
R2IBKPNW5VJM0B	5.0	My first iPad	18	20	I spent my entire life in the information tech field. I have never seen a computer that didn't arrive with an instruction manual. The iPad is SO intuitive, one isn't needed! I love it ! The iPad can do literally anything and it is totally amazing! Before you consider one of the many clones, tablet pc's, or W8 computers, Please take a look at the iPad. I am so happy that I popped for the extra $100 to get the iPad 4.
RLB6ZMHYUK3AO	4.0	IPad '4' Review (with notes from 3)	66	82	If you're still curious about whether an IPad is right for you.. you could probably do best going to all the reviews from the IPad 2 or 3. Here I am going to talk about what 'new' features you see in the IPad 4 (also called the 'new' IPad). First off.. they don't make the IPad 3 anymore.. when this was created it was immediately a replacement for the IPad 3. There wasn't a lot of fanfare as this wasn't a huge upgrade over the 3 and was just released with the new IPad Mini. The two main features (for those in the US): - Retina display.. I never thought the display was bad, but this is an improvement. Compared next to the original IPad 3 there is a difference, albeit not overly noticeable unless you get an app that was made for the retina display (not many out there yet as the product isn't even 30 days old yet). The glare issue is still there. If you're using this outside it's basically like looking in the mirror if the sun is at a bad angle. Nothing changed on that front. - Faster speed. Same as above I never thought it was an issue but when using some speed tests it is faster and you'll notice, especially when multitasking, the apps run smoother with less 'hitches'. Also: - Like the IPad Mini and the new phone it has the 8-pin adapter and not the 'old' 30 pin insert. Everything else.. the exact same as the former IPad 3. Battery life is great and while I'm not a 'heavy' user of the IPad (mainly used for web surfing, basic apps, etc..) it fits all of my needs. Overall, if you have the IPad 3 should you upgrade? I don't see a major reason unless you're the type that HAS to have the latest and greatest. I just happened to finally be in the market for one (after years of indifference) and with my roommate having the IPad 3 it was an easy comparison.
RMGBPKEZ1NMXG	5.0	As good as advertised	62	77	Grandma bought this for our Daughter on her Birthday. The IPad 4 is all we were told it was and more. The display is incredible and our daughter is using the education apps to help in school. She loves to read now more then ever. The books and apps we download have increased her love for reading and learning. I think that is the major gift that you really get from Apple. A learning platform for kids as well as a device for adults. If you are an adult and want a device that will increase your child's love for learning, you cant go wrong with this product. Thanks Steve, we miss you.
R8C0R2CMD02GD	4.0	Good product.	23	27	In the family we have the iPad, Kindle fire, Samsung Galaxy and Goggle Nexus 7 tablets. So having used all four brands here is my take on the iPad. Pros: Very fast.Excellent for surfing the web and navigating around apps. User friendly. Very Good battery life. Malware free worries. Good speaker volumes. Good for game apps. Bluetooth. Even pixation. Plenty of accessories online for it. Front and back cameras. Cons: Not the best Colors even with retina display. I wish that they were as vivid as Kindle fire HD for video streaming. Screen loves fingerprints. Cost more. Does not support SD memory card (Only Samsung Galaxy does of the four brands that I have used). Costly brand power adapter.Does not use a universal power adapter like all the other brands. You can not use a universal usb micro cable to charge it from your laptop. You are sucked into buying a new brand adapter, if you forget the brand power adapter at home on a trip.Unlike the other brand tablets, you can not recharge the Ipad with a universal cigarette power adapter from your car or with a universal usb micro cable connected to your laptop.As it is the tablet is already costly enough, why make more money from users if they forget their power adapter? Recommend for surfing the web or using game apps.Not the best for online video streaming. Kindle Fire beats them all for online streaming of videos. Recommend the following products: 1.ZAGGKeys PROfolio+ Bluetooth Keyboard for iPAD Gen 4. 2.Skinomi TechSkin ultraclear screen protector for iPAD Gen 4.
R22PAHJP99WL6B	2.0	Be careful	13	14	We bought the iPad in April 2013 and by December 2013, an internal defect had developed which rendered the device useless. When we brought the device to the Apple Store, they determined that Apple's one-year warranty had expired, which seemed impossible since we had only had the device for nine months. Evidently, the warranty date must have been triggered from the distributor's purchase date and not our purchase date from Amazon. So, in short, we lost about three months of Apple's warranty on our "new" iPad. Upon contacting the distributor, PMG Distributors, they were disrespectful and ultimately non-responsive to our concerns. Amazon, too, was unhelpful. In sum, we were disappointed by both the product's failure and Amazon and the seller's handling of the manufacturer's warranty.
R3G61F195V5BM9	5.0	Love the iPad 4, but buyers should be aware that buying from Amazon is not the same as buying from Apple	9	9	The iPad is fabulous. Received as promised on 2/19/13. But before I even opened the factory-sealed packaging, I called Apple support to verify that the serial # (which was visible on the outside) was not registered to another Apple user. I had read in some of the reviews that people thought they were buying brand new iPads on Amazon, but received used ones. When I spoke to Apple, the person on the phone, Abby, was very helpful. She stated that the serial # I gave was not registered to an Apple user. However, it was listed as purchased back in Oct 2013. I asked if that meant this was a used iPad. She said not necessarily. As I was buying from a distributor through Amazon (Xr Distributors was the one mine came from), it could be that they bought the iPads and resold them without any customer having used them in the meantime. The downside is that the 1-year warranty that iPads come with would expire in Oct 2014, taking away from the amount of time I expected to have a warranty. I contacted the seller to let them know what Apple said, and they replied to my query within two hours. John T., who was listed as Operations Manager, apologized in the email for the inconvenience and said that all their iPads were brand new factory sealed. If I wanted to return it and buy one directly from Apple I could, or he would give me a $25 credit for the inconvenience. I really appreciated the gesture and opened the iPad to find that it was brand new, never used, and it's such a wonderful product. I'm glad I chose the 32GB as well because I shouldn't have to think twice about space issues. I also love the retina display. I'm very happy with my purchase, and I replied to the seller that I would absolutely be keeping this wonderful product and would take the $25 credit, which I'm assuming will be toward Amazon, but I won't know until I receive it I guess.
R28UV6U5137EG9	5.0	This is my favorite toy!	13	14	I previously had the IPad 1 and liked it so much that I wanted to upgrade to this Ipad 4....... I'm so glad I did! This has the cameras and the capability of talking live while seeing who I'm talking to plus instant messaging. I also have a printer that is compatible with this Ipad 4. Being wireless I can carry it all over my house but I mostly use it while lying in my bed as I'm handicapped. I just love my new toy!
R39G73WEGZEQKB	4.0	Be aware of the model that you order	9	9	I ordered and paid for a 4th generation I-Pad with retina and received a 2nd generation I-Pad from Amazon. The two I-Pads look identical and the only reason I caught the difference was the charger cord. The 4th generation uses a smaller plug compared to the 2nd generation. Amazon was called immediately about the screw up wherein the correct I-Pad was mailed via Fed-X with one day delivery to me. I sent the 2nd Generation back and shipping was paid by Amazon. My credit card was debited twice until Amazon rec'd the 2nd Generation I-pad back. Once my credit card rec'd the credit there was a note that it had been returned because of being shipped late. This was obviously not the reason and couldn't be further from the truth. Just be aware that a 2nd Generation I-Pad looks the same as the 4th Generation with the exception of the charger plug. Make sure you check the model of your I-Pad found in the settings area. The 2nd Generation cost less than the 4th Generation by a couple hundred dollars.
ROTC7450PQB0T	5.0	Ipad4 is awesome	29	35	My wife absolutely loves her new iPad. There isn't much you can't do with it and its borderline addictive. If your considering buying one. My suggestion is to stop waisting time and just get one. You will absolutely love it. However, look for deals. We found 2 for our kids at target and saved $120. Definitely shop around for it.
R2VSIHLCNOG232	1.0	Disappointed	16	18	I purchased this unit(new) in Oct 2013 and by Feb 2014 it no longer works. Ii have been told from supplier to Amazon that the warranty is one(1) month. I am extremely disappointed. Be careful when you purchase products through Amazon, that you know the warranty period, so you can make an informed decision.
R32A1XX43BSY3U	5.0	mypad!	32	40	this is an awesome tablet! i'm spoiled by it. it is so compact but sturdy without being bulky. it loads really fast. i have watched my netflix movies on it and the picture quality is beautiful. it's so crisp. the lightning fast charge cable works great when i use the adapter. however, when i plug it up to my dell laptop, it reads "not charging" but it's actually charging very slowly. not sure if this is a common problem with the ipad or if it's just mine. other than that, no problems so far! it takes much better pics than the previous version of ipad thanks to the retina display. i just love it! i'm going to get case for it so that i can travel with it. fortunately, it can fit in my purse and i won't have to lug my heavy laptop anymore in my backpack or satchel...phew so much easier on my back! i recommend this to students or anyone that is looking for a tablet with great quality and ease of use
R3MHCYEXRPKNVT	2.0	Was going to upgrade to larger MB but changed my mind with IOS-7	7	7	Beware buyer... This used to be a pretty good companion to life but with IOS-7 I'm thinking about smashing it with a hammer. I really was going to upgrade to an IPad with larger internal storage but have SERIOSLY changed my mind. I have been an IPad user since the first generation. This retina display 64 is my 4th IPad and the pad itself is great but the operating system is now AWFUL.The keyboard is frustrating with many quirks. He functions operate at a much slower speed, the battery life is greatly diminished, with the new calendar app you may as well just use an old paper day timer. Safari takes longer to load up internet pages....and much more. The new upgrade is a farce and I will not buy another iPhone (on my 5th) or iPad again. Once these are gone, I will not replace them. My suggestion would be to learn another operating system. Androids are cheaper, and I've found my Kindle to be a new companion and easier to use since IOS-7. The system used to be very user friendly and actually kinda classy looking, but now it's design takes after operating in an old Windows computer in SAFE mode 24-7. And who wants that. It is absolutely NOT visually stimulating at all. We went from a classy Cadillac Made In the USA look to a cheap Chinese knockoff. Again, buy something else.... Apple has stepped into the Microsoft realm of hated upgrades....
RF1O3Z66K7C55	3.0	Not such a big upgrade	7	7	First let me say I own several Apple products. I own iPhones and iPad 2. I bought the ipad 4 because of the price drops when the air was announced. I think we all can recognize that the Ipad as well as most tablets wont replace laptops and won't replace the PC or Mac for work. I use my ipad for entertainment and web and email and photos. The retina display is no big deal and actually makes photos look worse. I found many references to this in other reviews, but really did not believe for myself until I compared side by side with ipad 2. Mostly photos taken with camera phones of loer pixels look horrible on ipad 4 but good or even great on ipad 2. I am not impressed with the increased processor speed, as you really would not notice it anyway unless you play video games. I do not. Overall, there is really no discernible benefit to spend the money and replace an ipad 2. Of course if you did not own an ipad before, or owned the original, I highly recommend ipad over other tablets. I have owned and used many android based, and the Apple iOS I find better and much more stable. I give three stars solely based on the fact I don't see significant improvement between ipad 2 and 4 and the retina display is not a big deal,for web, email and apps. I might have been better to wait till my ipad 2 died and purchased the air .
R3IFZSCP3PN2QJ	5.0	Amazing product and customer service	20	24	I bought one of these and it worked great for 6 months. However it simply died withou reason. Now this should upset most people and frankly I did not like I either. But I went to an apple store and they simple gave me a new one. No questions, no demands for receipts or the original box of the product. Absolutely nothing. That's what I call an amazing customer service!!!!!
RJS223DW2G1ZB	1.0	Defective !	28	35	Purchased Apple iPad with Retina Display MD512LL/A (64GB, Wi-Fi, Black) on April 8 and by June 1st the battery would no longer hold a charge. Dealing with Apple since the seller only had a 30 day return policy, and Apple has not been very honest in the way they are dealing with things. Until they correct the problem I can not give a good review on this item at all! The battery does not hold a charge, the iPad get hot to the touch. A fully charged battery at midnight is down to 2% by 7am. Apple says their diagnostic shows the battery is fine. What a joke! Contacting my CC company to see what my remedies are now.
RNOSFRJOWNBUW	1.0	Just buy brand new on this site.	8	8	Very poor quality (refurbished) and constantly freezes, I should have spent the money for a new Ipad which was just $30.00 more. Lesson learned.
R2QXUDWOS0O1K1	2.0	Great Offline, Garbage on the Road	9	10	I purchased two iPads, one for my mom and one for myself. My mom absolutely loves hers, but I absolutely hate mine. She's terminally ill so does not leave home. I travel extensively for work, and therein lies the difference. The tablets have no issues on home networks or well-maintained networks like at Starbucks, but can't connect to most public networks like in airports or hotels. Like most Apple products, there are no detailed error messages to help diagnose the problem. The log on pages for these networks simply don't appear. There are a host of online posts complaining of this problem. Some are able to fix the issue by disabling Autofill in Safari, resetting netwok connections, etc., but others like me have met with no success. I have years of development experience and am by no means a novice when it comes to computers; the WiFi capabilities of this device are just very poorly designed.
R2KIIH9QXYO9VO	5.0	Excellent	8	9	** Bought directly from Apple I use this tablet everyday on the subway ride to work. Use it to study lecture notes. Use it to play games. Use it for my investment related activities. Use it for video conferencing. Probably have around 100+ apps. I will say one thing: Apple engineers do their very best to deliver a polished product. It's like the Toyota and Honda cars from the 80-90s, the engine keeps running even if the frames falls off. In daily usage of over a year, I don't have a SINGLE major complaint about this product which is pretty amazing seeing as I try to find at least one thing to not give a product 5/5... I could nitpick on some minor things but this tablet is really that good (my macbook pro for example has a poorly designed graphics card that overheats all the time and makes me hate the product...) but this tablet, I would give it 10 stars if I could. Battery lasts forever, touch screen is the most accurate I have ever used, screen resolution is ridiculous (not just on paper, physically look and compare with competition), OS does not crash and the damage done by an app is contained to its process (very similar to QNX), plethora of apps including Google Chrome, Skype works great (anyone who has used Skype on Android knows what I'm talking about), and the list goes on and on... The only improvement I can think of is the weight and an affordable cover case for the tablet. Apple will never open up their OS which is basically why I keep at least one Android product with me to stay out of the distortion field ... but man that distortion field is bliss :)
R6W0IWC4B07V5	1.0	Defective	31	40	Just stopped working, nothing on screen, even when plugged into computer, blank screen. Very disappointed as it was working fine for 3 weeks. This was sold as a brand new IPad, but I have to think it was a refurbished one. There was no cleaning rag or warranty paperwork in the box. When I bought my first generation IPad from Apple all of that was included. Not a big deal, but I think we deserve what we order, if it says brand new, get a new one. Sent it back to Amazon, now waiting to see that I get the refund they promise.
RCTY6X933CXF4	5.0	Life before iPad	6	6	I dont know how I got by without it. The initial setup was a breeze, learning to get around on it is, for the most part, self explanatory; the display is amazingly clear. I was concerned about switching from a large computer screen to the iPad screen which is easily 3-4 Xs smaller, but the display is actually more clear than my large computer screen. Unlike most owners manuals, this one is most informative. I just love this product!
R3D4NEHV3YLDOJ	2.0	New -- and improved? -- Connector	6	6	Apple decided to change the standard 30-pin connector to an 8-pin connector for some reason, so my new iPad is not compatible with the devices I used to use in conjunction with it. The speed is good, the display is nice, the camera is better, but there's not enough of an improvement to put up with the hassle of the new connector. I'm going to go back to the iPad 3.
R39QAD9NCGK4KL	5.0	Excellent as expected	6	6	I bought this expecting the typical good apple result and was not let down. It works faster than previous versions and I am glad I sprung for the 32G version so I have a little more flexibility. The retina display makes my pictures look 3d. Awesome upgrade.
R22HFP8O2NMZ9I	5.0	Best iPad ever!	11	13	"Uniqe" is the best word to describe it. Actually, what makes this iPad uniqe is the Retina display. After a month using this device, I assure that no faster pad is available till now in addition to the tremendous screen resolution. I will not think of replacing it for three years at least. Can't imagine a better one unless it becomes a lighter ipad in terms of weight.
R1UWO0NL6WTG5R	5.0	LOVING THE NEW IPAD 4: HERE IS A BREAK DOWN	26	34	The 8in Apple iPad Mini was eagerly anticipated, but the new 10in iPad 4 (or iPad with Retina Display as Apple insists on calling it) is a surprise as it arrives only nine months after its predecessor the iPad 3. Externally, the iPad 4 looks and feels identical to its predecessor. Although it is sturdy and slim, it's still the same weight at around 650g. I had hoped for a reduction in weight since the iPad 3 was around 50g heavier than the iPad 2. The battery lasted 12 hours when I was playing videos matching the time achieved by the smaller iPad Mini. The 10in screen still has the same 2,048x1,536 pixel resolution. It's very sharp and bright with exceptional image quality, especially when compared to lower resolution tablets like the iPad Mini. Only the upcoming Samsung Nexus 10 Android tablet will have a display potentially capable of matching it. All the changes are on the inside rather than the outside. The A6X dual-core processor is twice as fast as the iPad 3's A5X chip, but this will make little real difference until apps are designed to take advantage of it. Apple will doubtless release features in future versions of iOS that will only run on the A6X, but that has yet to happen.The iPad 4 is thankfully compatible with the recently launched EE LTE network. HD Facetime I was pleased with Video chatting and that the front-facing camera now records in 720p resolution which gave better, more accurate-looking video although the speed of my broadband connection did also affect image quality. The iPad 4 may be a modest upgrade over its predecessor but it's still the best 10in tablet so far, which says just as much about the competition as it does about Apple's tablet. It's still relatively heavy though, so lighter tablets such as the iPad Mini will be a better buy for some. Here are the Tech Specs for those who don't know---- Hardware: Height 9.5 inches Width 7.31 inches Thickness 0.37 inches Weight 1.44 pounds Color Silver / Black, Silver / White Speakers Mono Display: Screen size (diagonal) 9.7 inches Technology IPS LCD Resolution (X) 2048 px Resolution (Y) 1536 px PPI 264 Touchscreen type Capacitive Multitouch Yes Software: Operating system iOS Launch OS version 6 Media streaming AirPlay Processor: CPU brand Apple CPU model A6X Clock speed 1.4 GHz Cores 2 Memory: RAM size 1 GB Storage: Internal size 64 GB, 32 GB, 16 GB Connectivity: Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi support 802.11n, 802.11g, 802.11b, 802.11a 802.11n frequencies 5GHz, 2.4GHz Bluetooth Yes Bluetooth version 4.0 Front Camera: Effective pixels 1.2 megapixels Video resolution 720p Video framerate 30 Rear Camera: Effective pixels 5 megapixels Focus type Autofocus Video resolution 1080p Video framerate 30 Ports: Video out Yes Headphone 3.5mm Data connections Lightning Sensors: Sensors Ambient Light, Gyroscope, Accelerometer Battery: Capacity 42.5 Wh Removable No Quoted use time 10 hr This is the best tablet out there so far!! The screen is amazing and apple once again did an excellent job!
R11W17KMUP8Q6A	5.0	Does this even need a review?	5	5	At this point, does anyone even read reviews for the iPad? I'm an Android fan. I love that I can customize everything and that it's an open system, but when it comes to tablets, iPad is still king as far as I'm concerned. The device is VERY fast, the screen is stunning and the battery lasts forever. Personally, I also LOVE that it's NOT 16x9. Almost every Android tablet has a 16x9 screen, and that makes the landscape mode just about useless. iPad retains a 4x3 aspect ratio so is useful in either orientation. Can't go wrong.
R1CP3ZUXJSEQOX	1.0	I hate Apple not Vius	15	19	The tablet I ordered arrived well packaged, in mint condition and in the time specified. The problem I encountered was with Apple. I wanted to purchase their Apple Plus warranty, but they only allow you to do that within 30 days from the date of purchase. When I applied, Apple asked for the serial number of the device and after entering it they informed me that it had been purchased by the reseller several months before and, as a result, they would not extend me their product warranty. I explained that the device was new and in the original packaging, but the representative I subsequently spoke with said that because it had been on their shelf for months they couldn't verify it's condition. I asked if it would make any difference if it had sat on the shelf in an Apple store for the same period of time and the rep said he had to speak with his supervisor. When he returned he said that Apple would not offer me their warranty and advised me to return the device to the seller and buy a new one from an Apple store. How does that make sense?
R25SRUMB8L5KJS	5.0	2nd time is a charm !!!!!	5	5	This is my 2nd iPad. I tried one of the 1st models and liked them, but didn't really "Love" them. After giving my iPad #1 away I took another shot. I LOVE ipad 4 Iris. Unlike a Laptop the iPad is ALWAYS connected, contrary to what others have said I have a 24/7 SOLID internet connection never has it dropped, not even once ???. Now this may be since I bought the iPad version without any phone company card/designation ?? Not sure, but it is reliably connected when I open the magnetic cover..even after a full nights sleep, no wait at all..INSTANT !!!!. The other thing that is exceptional is the SPEED of browsing. VERY FAST !!! much better than my older iPad. We do have a very fast cable modem though fyi. I bought this iPad solely for travel and surfing. For high levels of accounting tasks and say Photoshop applications I still prefer a full sized keyboard with a desktop PC. All in all I am very happy I gave a tablet a 2nd choice. This one is the one.
R8GEFZ48GT0U6	4.0	Good product	4	4	In the family we have the iPad, Kindle fire, Samsung Galaxy and Goggle Nexus 7 tablets. So having used all four brands here is my take on the iPad. Pros: Very fast.Excellent for surfing the web and navigating around apps. User friendly. Very Good battery life. Malware free worries. Good speaker volumes. Good for game apps. Bluetooth. Even pixation. Plenty of accessories online for it. Front and back cameras. Cons: Not the best Colors even with retina display. I wish that they were as vivid as Kindle fire HD for video streaming. Screen loves fingerprints. Cost more. Does not support SD memory card (Only Samsung Galaxy does of the four brands that I have used). Costly brand power adapter.Does not use a universal power adapter like all the other brands. You can not use a universal usb micro cable to charge it from your laptop. You are sucked into buying a new brand adapter, if you forget the brand power adapter at home on a trip.Unlike the other brand tablets, you can not recharge the Ipad with a universal cigarette power adapter from your car or with a universal usb micro cable connected to your laptop.As it is the tablet is already costly enough, why make more money from users if they forget their power adapter? Recommend for surfing the web or using game apps.Not the best for online video streaming. Kindle Fire beats them all for online streaming of videos. Recommend the following products: 1.ZAGGKeys PROfolio+ Bluetooth Keyboard for iPAD Gen 4. 2.Skinomi TechSkin ultraclear screen protector for iPAD Gen 4.
ROWQIIBNZ0M1G	5.0	Even Mom Can Use It	5	5	My mom broke her right hand and has been un-able to type. We got her the ipad as an alternative. It was better than an alternative and all of the apps and communication it has provided has been well worth the price. I am so glad to see mom using this so well. Easy to navigate and very entertaining!
R2Q68VMX1BGLZB	5.0	iAwesome	7	8	iPad, 4th gen. From the standpoint of a former iPad 2, Windows tablet tester, and Android user, this is the best tablet on the market. You can see the A6X processor coursing through every finger tap with immediate response to commands. Load any game or productivity app from the Apple App Store, and you'll have great outcome without any latency whatsoever. If you can cover the premium fee, get it. I grabbed an RDP app, tossed my laptop on a charger in the corner, and I don't carry anything else anymore. Quick point, I'm a former MAC hater and I workin IT. If I can live off this thing and your considering it just for fun, that ought to work out for you in a walk.
R3BLY4V99CXTID	5.0	Love. Love everything about it!	5	5	It is an Apple. Does all that goes with that name. Excellent product! The retina display is as clear as a picture could be, amazing. Very quick response time. The new processor is lightning fast!
RV355T63Z7WIT	5.0	It's great!	5	5	It's not only working find, but also unbelievable condition. I bought this about 2 month ago, I don't have any problem so far. Great price and great condition. I'm totally satisfied with this item!
R1NDPSKQL6DOHL	5.0	Exceeded my expectations	5	5	My review of Apple Ipad after of two weeks is this Pro: +Battery life +Resolutions +Speed +Camera +Simple Con: Weight
RL6OCUKAF1ZOW	5.0	I LOVE IT	5	5	I'm a android fan and it took awhile to get used to apple.... but it's truly a beauty. I still feel comfortable using android applications, but I'm hanging in there....
R3DU4BMJYC4D16	5.0	Great Present for Mom	4	4	I bought this for my mother because she was always complaining that the laptop she had was too heavy and made her lap hot, etc. I was afraid she might have trouble using this iPad because she is a little (no, really a lot) tech challenged and has problems learning new things at age 82. However, she began using the iPad immediately after it arrived (lightning quick shipping btw) and has loved it from the very beginning. She takes it to her bedroom, to the kitchen, out on the patio--basically everywhere she goes! I had expected weeks of trying to teach her how to use it but she picked up on it quickly during the first few hours and has had NO problems. She's happy. And when she's happy and busy on the iPad, I'm happy! I highly recommend this device.
R3BZ8BOA5V2GZL	5.0	apple ipad	5	5	my ipad is the great, it was delivered when promised and it was great condition when I received it. it shows clear I just love it.
R117Z44O8SR4MP	5.0	iPad 4th Generation..Simply The Best!	4	4	How could I have lived without an iPad 4th generation before?! I love..no I LOVE this iPad! One of the best investments I ever purchased. It's F A S T! Best part is I can sit with my feet up while another family member uses the desktop PC. The convenience of taking this with me while traveling is outstanding. There's so many wi-fi spots where I live. The iPad 4 takes better pictures than when I used a 35mm or currently digital camera. The clarity is 110% with automatic focus adjustment. Thank you Apple for making the iPad, I'm a fan for life.
R3L3Z3JAK0X897	2.0	Good hardware, good apps availability, but still quite not there	4	4	You need to invest heavily in the apple ecosystem to really enjoy the iPad. Basic requirements of music/video playback, or pdf/ebook (personal collection) reading out of the box is non existent. That along with a mere 16gb of storage does make this still a purchase worth thinking twice about. And to top it all the memory increment is exorbitantly overpriced, especially looking at the contemporary SD/microSD card prices. Apple still continues to rake in moolah just by flaunting their brand, though the reliability of the same is increasingly deteriorating.
R3O7TKDITJAH40	4.0	Great, but overheats.	5	5	Great, but overheats. 4 stars since it is what I ordered but I did not know it would overheat so badly.
R2T4YGLA1TXUVW	5.0	iPad 4 128gb with Cellular	4	4	First off this is a great product and has endless things you can do for productivity and for fun. Second I did not buy this product from Amazon because of two reasons, 1. At the time when I was ready to purchase the 128gb cellular version it was going for a 1000 dollars plus on this website, when apple stores and bestbuy stores were selling this for $929 plus tax. 2. Some of the reviews suggested the seller was actually sending people used iPads when paying clearly buying "new" products. Anyways, I love it, its fast, easy to use. You get what you basically put into it, the app store is amazing with so many things that make this ipad great. I can not believe I did not own one sooner. The only thing I can not figure out how to do is, is be able to send multiple attachments within a email. I hope some new application or apple fixes this issue. Its easy to do one at a time, but its not efficient. It seems like a common problem and question that is asked i noticed when googling this issue. My iPad has had none of the issues addressed earlier. It gets great wifi signal all the time and the 3G works great also. I am glad I got this instead of a Android based Tablet.
R2X9ZGFH480PL7	1.0	Love the iPad 4th generation - just not this one	4	4	I bought this iPad online through Amazon and had to send it back after the first day. It turned off and would never turn back on again. After searching online for solutions, calling Apple, etc. it still would not work. I called Amazon service and they were great at providing an immediate return. Guess I just got a lemon one.
R3G1WD71SWIZ0K	5.0	Awsome	3	3	I've used Windows computers since the 90's, and Androids since they came out with the first HTC. I've watched all the, "Apple snobs," spend ungodly amounts of money on their, "Over rated," products, and laughed. Meanwhile, while they were still using their IPhone 4's, IPad 1st generations, and 4 year old laptops, I had gone through 4, count them, 4 android phones, 3 laptops, and 2 kindle fires. My wife and daughter, (The smarter one's of our family), have been touting their Apple products to me, while I turned a deaf ear. Well, after the death of a Samsung Tab, I took the plunge. This is the fastest, smoothest running, easy to use, best powered, most versatile, electronic stud, I've ever used, and this is a 4. Pictures are good, but it's the apps, and the power of this thing to run several of them, without crashing, shutting down, slowing down, or giving me error messages, (ala Windows). It does some things faster, and much more efficiently than my laptop. As a Musician, I can use Garage Band, and video editing apps, for our live footage, and even editing our music videos. It does this quickly, seamlessly, and without crashing, (Again, ala Windows), all on something I can carry to a restaurant, or Starbucks. I got a keyboard and case for the thing, for $30.00 on Amazon, and now, my laptop, just kind of sits there. Don't hesitate. This thing is so far out of the league of Windows, and more solidly built than any Android, I will never go back. I guess it's like riding a Harley, or driving your first Porsche. You feel the quality, and just can't go back to your Ford Escort EXP. I'm not bagging on Ford, my wife drives a Mustang...just so you know. I'm unloading all of my broken down Windows laptops, Droid phones, and the Tab. Any buyers??
R2Q4XC6TFIVOPY	5.0	Before I had an iPad, I had a smartphone, a Kindle DX, and a computer. I cannot imagine NOT having the iPad now.	3	3	My iPad uses wireless which means that it can only connect when I am in an area with wireless. Nevertheless, because I have access to wireless at home and at work, this little device has taken the place of my smartphone and an additional laptop I used at work. Why? The functionality of the iPad 4 on wireless only is absolutely sufficient for my use. If I need to use the iPad outside of a wireless network I have sufficient storage to save up to 64G of music, videos or audiobooks for that use. When I am online, this device works perfectly for email and internet surfing. I use it at work for email that I cannot access on my work computer and at home for reading, audiobooks, and games when I am away from my home computer. The display is all it is advertised as being - crisp, high definition - and the apps available to me are more sufficient. At home, with its wireless connection I can "read in bed," play games, catch up on emails, use the device as an alarm clock... if I think of something I need to look up in the middle of the night I can look it up on this device ... so it is a VERY handy tool and entertainment vehicle. I am pretty sure that other tablets can provide similar uses... and possibly at lesser cost That said, the retina display and the Apple reputation (I am admittedly an Apple user at home and a Windows system user at work) are impressive, and worth the cost as far as I am concerned.
R2EOURCYS2NM5T	5.0	Fantastic	6	7	I am writing this review on my iPad at this moment... It has changed the way I do business, and life. I've never been one to indulge on technology, but folks... This is worth it. I know apple is confusing, but if you take the time, and look up iPad tips ion the App Store, you will find something for everyone: a businessman doing proposals on the run, a secretary taking notes at a function, your 2 year old who needs a distraction... Hands down one of the best products on the market. You will not regret this purchase.
RLBNNBA7Q88WF	5.0	Switched from Android and glad I did	4	4	I had the Motorola Xoom prior to purchasing the iPad. I switched to Apple because the Xoom was getting slow, unresponsive, etc. I'm very happy with the iPad - so much so that I'm going to switch to all Apple products over my pc and android phone.
R2YUV233HCZURR	1.0	Very disappointed!	4	4	iPad didn't work. Kept getting a blue screen often and then restarting on its own. Was suppose to be set up with Verizon but it didn't have a SIM card so that we could add it to our account. Very disappointed!
R3O5YX35KDN7KR	5.0	Love it	4	4	I was dragged kicking and screaming to the IPad. I knew I did not want or need one. I had seen older iterations and was not impressed. Now I don't know how I lived without it. Need I say more?
RBLUME7JL51KC	4.0	Nice buy	4	4	This iPad has some nice features. The ability to write notes on some documents has really made a difference for my side business. Battery time is long enough to get about any task completed.
R5EADNOD0EVCK	4.0	The iPad is NOT a PC	4	4	The iPad is a great machine, but it's not a PC, and it's hard to get used to that fact. It's great for taking on vacation, but for every day use, it's mostly just a toy--as all tablets are.
R26FMP4TJGBE5C	4.0	I love this pad	4	4	I have no doubt when i purchased this ipad, i was right i like it, everything good and im being amazed that i can practise make up with so many available app.well done
R1KDTPIK0QIOUH	5.0	Great product	4	4	the iPad Mini is a great tool for me -- lightweight, takes up little space, yet powerful. With its 64 GB capacity, it can do just about anything!
R3KS804LFZ9WA0	1.0	defective product was resold by Amazon to me	22	30	I purchased this iPad in May 2013 for my wife. She began using it in June. By August it was already giving her trouble - the "slide to unlock" switch was not responding. The iPad could only be launched by closing and re-opening the magnetic cover I had also bought. Then it began acting weirdly. It self-launched the Notebook and began printing an endless chain of letters - Fffvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv... Next it self-launched the FaceTime screen. We took it to an Apple store for repair. When the technician keyed in the serial number on his own screen, he found that this particular iPad had been manufactured in 2011 AND SOLD IN DECEMBER 2012 - five months before I purchased it !! I can only conclude that the original customer returned it to Amazon, which fraudulently resold it to me as a new iPad without having properly repaired it. Fortunately, the Apple store replaced it for free.
RDMOA8XDZ46FE	5.0	Best Tablet Choice Available; Love the Retina Display	3	3	It is not new at all to say this, but having tried several tablets out there this is the one to use. While I am not crazy with some of the changes in iOS7, that is just software which can be, and hopefully will be, fixed. Battery life is bar none the best I have seen, available apps are unexpectedly abundant and for the most part quality. I use mine for reading and a lot of video, and the new display is excellent. Very easy to read with no eye strain and video looks amazing. Which is quite the compliment considering I usually get standard definition and not high definition video, so even at the worst quality it still looks great. If you want a tablet device, go with the iPad. Its worth the money.
R396LFVA5LNTUJ	5.0	I am addicted!	4	4	Love it and don't know how I lived without an I-pad before I purchased this new model....love watching movies on it!
R18G2RL822CF06	1.0	unsatisfied	11	14	The battery does not keep charge for long and there is a striking sound coming from the speaker within 3 months of purchase.
R3QZWAA93APVN8	5.0	Love it, BUT.....	3	3	I had an issue with the lightening cable. It broke off inside the tablet. After research, this happens more often than you think. Apple does not cover under warranty and considers it "abuse" which it was not!!! They wanted $299 to give me another device at the Apple Store I took it to. I called Apple Support they told the store to give me another one at "no cost". I think there is a flaw in the design of the charging cable so be very careful when using it to charge your iPad and if this happens to you, do what I did and ask for an exception. Hope this helps.
R2ZWBYAXUY9JUO	5.0	It's an iPad and it's awesome	3	3	So I write this review as the new iPad Air is being released in about 3 hours. That said, if you can live with he extra bulk of this generation, you'll get an outstanding tablet for a great deal. No matter what anyone says, Apple's tablet is still the easiest to use, has the most QUALITY apps that you'll actually use and now it even comes with the free iWork and iLife software! it really is all the average user needs. The only downside is this will look like a tank compared to the new Air, not because this is big, just because they did such a good job with the new one.
R3GTCMZ7OML3FL	3.0	I would have liked to know that I was getting a display unit ...	3	3	After getting the iPad a week later than expected (making my daughters birthday present late), I had to spend a significant amount of time cleaning the iPad. The iPad was obviously a display in a store. There was a huge double sided security sticker on the back. Instead of your company kindly removing the sticker and cleaning the device up, there was a piece of tape put over it. I would have liked to know that I was getting a display unit as they spend hours and hours on and being handled. I feel misinformed and will not purchase from your company again.
R1WHVHPEMLQPBC	4.0	Great tool with lots of possibilities	3	3	I am still learning the ins and outs of the device and I am impressed with what I have experienced so far. The device holds its charge for a long time and is fast. It also takes very good photos. It was rather pricey, so my main objection is having to buy basic apps like word processing. The vendor, Tech Giant, delivered the product on time and even followed up to make sure that I was satisfied with the process of buying from them. I would definitely purchase from them again.
R3LM9GM3IT4WZ8	5.0	An excellent purchase	3	3	Having had two iPad 2s in the past, as well as an iPad Mini, I was very familiar with the operation of the earlier models. I was very satisfied with the speed of the processors in this model and the Retina Display was outstanding. I didn't need the improved imaging, as the displays in the earlier models were quite nice, and i don't do a lot of graphics work, but when photos were brought up they were quite impressive.
R2PKXAQM35SB5V	1.0	Sad :(	3	3	The shipment arrived normal, the team came good, the only thing that came with default , does not recognize the load from your PC or Mac , or with cable original iPhone , check the goods before shipping , in my case I am from Venezuela , and I return it would come out more expensive, I am sad that I have to pay the repair of the equipment load input and that will run on my spending and not for you :( Thanks so of more
R3MSQEE1NR5JBC	5.0	Amazing clarity	3	3	This iPad is simply amazing,the picture it is so clear. The controls are all very convenient. I like all the features it has too. Just another great apple product. I have a iMac too. This is just for traveling with me everywhere I go. It matches up with my iMac and my iPhone you could say we are an apple family except I also have two laptops that are not apple. I enjoy computers and the technology they bring.
R1MD4LS00IX9ZT	5.0	Better than I thought it would be	3	3	I started wit Kindle, sold that and got the bigger Kindle. Then my wife gave me an iPad2. I liked it but it was only 16 Gb and really could not hold much without slowing down. So I splurged and bought this 128 Gb iPad. I'm glad I did. The newer iPad now has about 800 songs and I can put photos and such on it. It is faster than the iPad2 and can do just about anything. I did a restore and it restored with no problem. It's certainly easier to do a restore from a previous backup rather than start fresh and load everything after having to find it all. Pros: Fast Same size as iPad2 Lots of storage Picture is super sharp Cons: None so far So far I am very glad I bought it!
R2K1P7XOX60YMB	5.0	Apple iPad	3	3	I love the Apple iPad! I replaced a laptop and especially like the lighter weight and to date have been able to do everything I could do on the laptop on the iPad! Much easier to travel with too!
R32ZY0JEZSYLZM	2.0	Cheep er is not better ///////	3	3	In all the time dealing with amazon and there servers I have not had any thing that up set me as this one done .I received the I PAD and opened it and the next day started to set up. it did not want to take my wifi or numbers. I was tired so stoped and fineshed the next day .It did not give me any up set at this time Was going to listen to an audio book and it worked fine for about an HR..then it went to MUTE. I thought I had touched some thing so re hit sound ,it stared to play and as I put it down went MUTE again an I re set again-------- Got in touch with Amazon -servers help with me and seller. Seller advised that as it had broke the seal .they would not take it back.talked to amazon server and end result got APPLE number . Apple helped me reset the thing and re asureds they would help. ..with the two Comp.I have 2 ways to go .as I really do not trust the I PAD and the seller has agreed to take it back with AMAZONS help .get money refunded an go with another server , or Apple even with the en cress . Trust Amazon to get it done an Apple to stand behind what they sell .It will take a little longer before I get the I pad I wanted . But I feel safer THANK YOU Mrs Foster
R1277EL4LVYAC1	5.0	Apple iPad - Great Product, good value.	3	3	I bought this for my sister's 70th birthday - and she loves it, of course. Who wouldn't? The retina display is amazingly clear for older eyes, and the Apple product simply works, as they advertise. Now, she can surf while watching the tube; take pictures of her garden and post to FB, browse the net, or play games. Apple is the best at this.
R21KL52BKJ199F	5.0	A beautiful and elegant machine. Well built, great functionality, compact.	2	2	After years of resisting the tablet craze, I finally picked up an iPad 4 (black, 16GB). I bought it as more of a toy than anything else, but I've found myself using it more and more as a tool for word processing and research. As a biologist, I do my best to stay on top of academic research, and I have found a few apps that streamline the storage and organization of academic PDFs. It's great to be able to read journal articles in full color and HD, zoom in on figures, and annotate while on the move. I still tend to prefer hard copies, but my goodness, it's much easier to carry around 500 10-page articles when they're digital. The built-in Newstand app is where my Science and Nature subscriptions appear, and sadly in that environment your options for interacting with content are more limited. I am also a photographer, but while I appreciate having another device on which to view my photos I much prefer to work with them on my Macbook in Lightroom or a similar program. There are some surprisingly powerful and useful apps for photographers on the app store but none of them are going to hold up to a good photo editing suite on a laptop. As for the nuts and bolts, if you like Apple products than you know what to expect. Very streamlined build quality, excellent battery life as long as you aren't watching endless Netflix episodes or similar, and an easy, pleasing user experience all the way around. This model doesn't have some of the bells and whistles of newer versions (touch ID) but the retina display is excellent and responsive. The speakers are surprisingly good for such a compact device. I do recommend a good screen protector and case. One criticism I have (mentioned by some other reviewers) is that stylus use on Apple products, including this iPad, is severely limited. You can buy styluses but they all have enormously thick, bulbous and squishy heads. The iPad simply will not register any object that touches the screen if it has a diameter of less than 2mm (I believe that's the number), which means that the sturdy, precision-tipped styluses you might find for a Samsung product or Wacom will not work on Apple devices. I've been told that Steve Jobs thoroughly disapproved of styluses and wanted the user to interact directly with Apple products instead of through a tool. Personally, I'd rather he left us the choice, and I hope this issue will be addressed somewhere down the line. If you're an artist or a graphic designer like my father, it's frustrating not to have a more precise tool with which to interact with the tablet, and it limits the kinds of projects you can undertake. App developers have tried to compensate for this, so far without much success.
R23JVTXDYHOXZJ	5.0	It was extremely easy setup out of the box	2	2	I had the first iPad years ago, and sold it when I got a new laptop. Recently we started traveling extensively in our motorhome. I found the laptop to be heavy and awkward to take places where I could get free WiFi. Bought this iPad and a case with built in keyboard. This iPad is so much more versatile than the older models. It was extremely easy setup out of the box. Very easy device to use, so many useful apps and games. I use Verizon cellular pay as you go, which is quite economical for those times WiFi is not available. The iPad is large enough to display web sites and videos so they are comfortably viewed, but small and light enough for a readily portable device. The only con is that it doesn't have a port-such as USB for anything I want to print. You can work around this by emailing documents to yourself, and go to a library, print shop, or other place (such as Staples) to print copies. It would also be convenient to be able to store photos or other media on a hard disk or other storage device. Meantime I use iCloud or Dropbox. For those who travel, this tablet can be customized with many useful apps. For people who travel with an RV it is invaluable for finding places large enough to gas up, directions to campgrounds or destinations, many apps to find all sorts of campground choices, National Parks and Monuments, places to stay overnight for free, to find attractions or plan your itinerary, etc.
R15RHJXIATMIX0	5.0	Great buy and good seller	3	3	A truly great buy and deal that arrived on time and in excellent condition in the shrink-wrapped box with all the inserts. Works perfectly, zero complaints, my mom will love it -- thank you!!
R33IXW7I3NE855	5.0	Ipad Valentine's Present	3	3	The Ipad works fine but my dear wife uses it all of the time to play games and chat with friends via Skype. If you don't want to feel neglected, don't buy your wife an Ipad as a present!
R1W2LUCG4XQB53	5.0	Great device!	3	3	I love my iPad mini! This is the first time I have every bought a Apple product. Works great and is the perfect compact size. I see why there is so much hype with Apple products.
R3MT0QCWOWS3PM	5.0	Best purchase in years	2	2	I've slowly, by degrees, transitioned from a dedicated Dell user to an amateur Apple enthusiast. A year ago (roughly) I bought an iPhone and thought, from the start, that it was the best thing since sliced bread. Truly the iPhone is a great product, but after having owned and fiddled with the iPad for a spell, I must readjust my favoritism and focus it on this marvelous device. I'm not a gamer, nor am I a person who is likely to have a need or use for high-end software; my iPad is very humbly stocked with a few books and some google-related applications. For my needs, the device works like a dream. There's no returning to a laptop when it comes to sitting on the sofa and surfing the web -- the iPad is it! For all those who are uncertain as to whether this device is right for you, my two cents are to go for it. Most users have had an experience comparable to my own and we can't *all* be wrong. Cheers, -Nick
R1IG4TOXWNI6XX	5.0	Amazing Tablet	2	2	I chose this tablet because I wanted something I could take with me when I leave the house but not have to worry about searching for a hotspot. I have an iPad Wifi 16gb that I adore but was not very practical outside. The speed of the data service, the crisp screen and the capacity is what's making me love this device. It is not without its faults. Some apps do force close (fixed by deleting the app, turning off iPad for 60 seconds then downloading from the App Store again). This certainly isn't a light tablet. I started off with the mini and that was my first experience with Apple products. The mini is really light but when I picked this up it was a blatant difference in weight. The good outweighs the bad in this and minus the two possible issues with it I really dig this and it's amazing for those of us who don't want Android. I highly recommend this tablet!
R38JBHBX3WWY2L	4.0	Very good	3	3	GOOD Battery and no problem connecting, nothing negative about it. Been playing with since I got it. Still hadn't explored all it features yet..
RQMS4S989IH81	4.0	Apple ipad with Retina display	5	6	I thought my laptop was good to travel, but this ipad is so much more convenient to use and it has all my ebooks on it to use. Much liter with more power and longer battery life. Love it. Rich Rodman
RM3O2JP2J19XW	4.0	Little innovation; still a solid product.	4	5	The first Ipad was incredibly innovative. By the fourth, it seems comparatively lackluster. That isn't to say that the product is bad, or worse than its predecessor, but having owned the 1st, 3rd, and now 4th generation Ipad, here are my thoughts. -- The processor speed and performance is much improved. This is noticeable during use, and the only reason to get the latest version. -- The Retina Display is nice, but personally I wasn't as impressed with it as I hoped to be. Likely because fonts and such are all still the same size. For photographers, the increased resolution will result in extra sharpness, but for most users it won't make a bit of difference. -- The latest iPad really hasn't added much; it's competitors have been adding innovative designs and features since it came out. Apple needs to come up with a creative twist on the iPad that makes the cost difference worth the purchase. Bottom Line: I have bought iPads for work use, to test products and features we develop. They are a nice, simple product. If I was making a personal buying decision, I'd go with a competitor for what I perceive to be a significant difference in price/capability.
R3NIHELHGLRGL	5.0	I love it. I love it. I love it.	2	2	I wasn't sure that I would like any Apple product after hearing many of my friends complain about their experiences but after I bought my first iPhone earlier this year, purchasing the iPad was a no-brainer. It acts just like my iPhone, only with a bigger, brighter screen which makes playing my games so much better. I have already purchased 9 different games for it because it has so much space left after importing all of my music, pictures, and movies. Since I received it last week, I still haven't been able to put it down. I guess they fixed the map app since I haven't had any serious issues with using it. Overall, a very satisfying experience. Thanks!!!!
RV47M0QC3AMRG	3.0	Disappointed	13	18	I had an original iPad - had to return the first one after a week but the free replacement worked fine. Bought an iPad 4. Had to return the first one because it would not connect to any projector. Took the replacement home and spent 6 hours trying to get everything to work correctly, mostly the email. I finally gave up on email and suddenly it began working 2 days later. Now I cannot get Bluetooth to work. I am stuck with the choice of living without it or going through the whole process again with a replacement. Also, battery life does not seem to be as good as my first generation. As far as Apple service, I cannot give enough praise. Technicians are great and appointments are kept on time. However there seems to be some bugs in the iPad 4 - at least the ones I get.
R12B2JWSZ6E5L5	5.0	Superior Service and Product	2	2	My tablet arrived as described and is my new obsession! There were 2 wonderful surprises upon the arrival of the iPad: 1)the delivery was at least I week prior to the earliest delivery given in my order 2)a very functional case was included with tablet--an unexpected and needed item I hope to be able to use this resource again. Working with the iPad with Retina display is like going from black and white to HD. Previously I had the1st edition of the iPad that I had used since it first was released. It had endured but was getting tired. What a thrill to have a younger generation iPad!
R2B4BAEHH0408Q	5.0	Disappointed with fedex delivery: box dripping wet when received	2	2	I received the I pad promptly. The i pad was delivered by fedex in a cardboard box which was left in front of the garage without any protection on a day when there was rain and thunderstorms. the box was fully wet when it was recovered. The fedex deilivery person did not even ring the bell of the house so that we could open the door and collect the parcel.The parcel was not placed in a plastic bag which would have protected the box. Luckily the ipad is sealed in a cellophane cling wrap and did not get wet.
RT356SR8YFX8X	5.0	Got here before it was promised	2	2	This was a last minute Christmas present. Ordered it with the hopes of it getting here on time and it did! Was and still am pleased. I like the fact that no matter where you purchase your apple products the apple store, which is close to our house, treats it as if you purchased it from them. Even though I am an avid driod fan, my kids like the apple products because all their freinds have apple products, I would definitely continue to buy apple products for the customer service.
R1WVTS836DUK0Q	5.0	The new technology has it's good points.	2	2	I have not figured this out yet as I am not high tech and am well over the hill regarding age, but this thing is great! I bought it to take credit cards at our shows and also to track my EBay sales when on the road and it appears to be perfectly able to do it all, it's just that I am not able to tell it what to do yet. I can't understand why instruction manuals are not included with these new gadgets. It probably has instructions on board but I'm not there yet.
R1OKTSA35RSBNP	5.0	Love it!	2	2	We love our new IPad! The graphics are truly amazing. I debated about how many GB we needed in our new IPad. After much debate 32GB was perfect for me know. However, I ultimately decided on the 64 GB knowing that if I invest this kind of money in electronics I am going to keep it at least a couple years. If my GB needs change in the futures I don't want to buy a new IPad. This item is pricey but worth it!
R1039SSGQAMVUE	5.0	This thing is great and is great to hold	2	2	I upgrade from my nexus 7 and I love this thing. I even love numbers such a great purchase I was a little weary of going to a bigger tablet because I liked the way the 7 inch fits in the hand, but this tablet is so light, thin, and compact it feels good in the hand. And it's super face and the touch screen is so much more responsive than my nexus. So glad I got this
R39VK7RRSMFHTJ	5.0	Surprised	2	2	This is my first apple product ever.i usually had android products and I still like android. Tough there is something amazing about the iPad.i guess it is the simplicity, and the multifunction of the icons. Maybe my next phone will be a iPhone.. Anyways if you text iPads at the store you don't get the full experience. Plus the screen typing is easy no need for a physical keyboard.
RLSPGA2AXUPDC	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Great just like new very please with it did a good job all the way a round
R3H4BKFFU7H1SZ	5.0	WOW	2	2	The battery life is great, the screen is fantastic and it has a 128 GB.... What else can someone ask for? Oh, and it's $300 less than the Ipad Air and it has nearly the same benefits.
R2GKK6E48PBGBR	5.0	Easy to use, and worth the price	2	2	I really like this product. I was debating between the iPad with Retina display, and the Kindle Fire. I tested both, before purchasing the Apple product. I found the Kindle Fire very difficult to use and navigate through. While the iPad is VER Y user friendly. It has very easily downloadable Apps. Very easy to navigate from one App to the other. It has very sharp resolution. In fact, I really could not discern any really noticeable difference in resolution between the iPad and the Kindle Fire. I am sure that professionals,with an "eye to detail", might possibly notice a difference, but for "every day joes", like me, the iPad is perfectly fine. Price wise, I got a good deal on the iPad I purchased. I was only going to purchase a 32GB, but, as I was researching and debating, I just happened to find the 126GB for about the same price as the 32GB. So, don't be impatient, wait, search, and let Amazon get you a really good product at the best price.
RE1YGN6FE8U34	5.0	This is my third iPad	2	2	If all computers worked as flawlessly as iPads, many more people would be computer literate. I gave one to my hubby for his birthday last year and for the first time in his life, he can do the things he wants like email, web browsing, and Facebook. In all the years I've been using iPads, I've never had issues as I've had with Windows devices. I like the expanded memory in this version and it was the principle reason I purchased it over the other new features introduced since the iPad2. I have my entire music collection loaded and I like that. It is the first time I've been able to carry it all with me on any mobile device. In fact, with the new product integration Apple has introduced, I purchased a MacAir. Now I have reliability of performance and convenience I've never before had in computing platforms. I use this iPad with a matching Logitech keyboard/cover and carry it in an iPad purse. Now I can edit my documents wherever I go. As a writer, I love it. FWIW, I've worked in the computing industry all my life and have experience with multiple operating systems and networking.
R1ARIHNWQJM2OO	5.0	Husband loves this!	2	2	This was a gift for my husband and he loves everything about it . . this is a man that had never used a iPad only a laptop but he loves and uses this daily. He is 66 and found it easy to use plus the clarity is the greatest. I also purchased the keyboard for him.
R2SQDPM67GTJW6	4.0	Does what I hoped it would	2	2	I am a hobby writer and a Chaplain Assistant for the US Army, as such I have to take notes, have access to AR's, FM's TC's and the like most of which are 200+ pages long. When its time to hurry up and wait I can use this to fill in the time. The wireless is average and so is the G4 but that could just be because of the area I am in so take it with a grain of salt. Ipad has a wide variety of Apps but not as many as I would like in the area of office like software, that is actually good quality. However if you do some searching you can find good apps that will do what you need them to do. This acts as my kindle, laptop, notebook, scheduler, and email service all in one. It's not perfect, trying to transfer documents and such is a little cumbersom and requres you get the right apps, but with a little bit of tweaking you can customize it to your needs. Be awair that unlike your Ipod, or a USB drive this will not show up on your my Computer (if you have Windows) and you have to go through Itunes (not a real problem) to transfer most files. As with anything do your homework first, as this may not suit what you are trying to do but if you decide that it does I must say I am very happy with this device and hope that Apple will keep up the good work in memory and spirit of it's founder.
R1O1OZ5U000HBT	5.0	So convenient!	2	2	I am always on the go and spend a lot of time with my brother who is legally blind. He has a lot of doctor appointments and I do a lot of waiting. I take my iPad and fill the time reading, watching TV shows, or playing games. Unless you have spent a lot of time in waiting rooms, you would not understand what a blessing this is.
R1CF92P0E31MSM	5.0	Love my iPad!	2	2	I LOVE my iPad. I had the mini but it wasn't the right size for note taking in class so I upgraded to the iPad and it was the best decision I've made. I run a website and use the Feedly app, which loads faster than the desktop client I use sometimes, and I like that I can sync it up to my tv through the Apple TV.
R2C0I28VU5UDGQ	5.0	I love my IPad	4	5	I am so happy I bought this "Christmas" present for myself. This is all new to me so I am slowly learning all the things I can do on my IPad. I am technologically challenged, but I find using the IPad is easier than I expected. I have nothing to compare this to as I have always had a desktop computer and know very little about all the technology out there. All I can say is that I like it and I'm happy.
R12EHYCW97D49E	4.0	Welcome to the iPad world.	2	2	The iPad is a fun toy, yet I have iBook expectations that have not been delivered, such as copying, erasing, etc. I will own that some of this is my fault. I like the expanded capabilities of the apps that can be added. The camera is great and it is easy to send pics. I consider this a great buy.
R2WXOKLPAQHNDK	2.0	Dead at 14 months	2	2	Worked for only a couple of months longer than the warranty period, i.e., about 14 months, and then didn't, apparently because the mother board was fried. Either a longer warranty period or a machine that performed just a bit longer without becoming useless would be much appreciated!
RVBE403L6B8Z3	5.0	Overall great product	2	2	Everything I expected and more. I'm an Android user so this is my first iOS/Apple product and I must say, I am very impressed by it. Will definitely upgrade when I get the chance. Pros: - Great battery life - Fast - Reliable Cons: - Slightly heavy for reclining use - Price
R26XRFYSX2UGXS	5.0	Simply Wonderful!	1	1	I purchased this iPad 4 as a birthday/Christmas gift for my father to replace a cheaper tablet he had bought earlier this year. (Said cheap tablet died a horrible death of unknown cause several months back.) I had hoped to keep the iPad a secret but ended up spilling the beans Thanksgiving night, figuring to head off any "Black Friday" urge ahead of time. Between the 2 of us my father and I have worked on or with computers since 1993. My own first exposure to Apple computers came in college in the late 1980s, but until the iPad came along he had never really paid attention to them, being an old-school sort of feller to whom the Windows operating system was "IT." When his old tablet died, I said "You really should give the iPad some thought." Not long thereafter, the "hints" began. I stored them away awhile and finally bit the bullet as they say. He's seldom been happier with anything in the roughly 3 weeks since the iPad arrived. The o/s is different and such, but the "conversion" to Apple has been a complete success so far. I must say a word about Apple's tech support staff: Fantastic! We experienced a problem with the iPad not long out of the box, so to speak. After a short period of unsuccessful attempts to diagnose the trouble, we phoned Apple tech support and explained the problem - which was effectively a "lockup." The gentleman we spoke with very patiently went through the standard set of diagnostic inquiries and had us back up and running pretty quickly all things considered. The best part is it was a simple solution, with a few easy lessons filed away should the need arise again. It's a wonderful thing to see a 73 year old former "dyed-in-the-wool" advocate of Windows and PC-based systems fall in love with an iPad!
R1FDZ98E7JDWAB	5.0	great product	1	1	The new iPad Air is Apple's latest, slimmest, lightest release of their hand-held computer. Oddly enough, it's so beautifully easy to use (my one year old granddaughter loves playing with it), it's almost doesn't feel like a computer at all. A word of warning - this review is written for people who've never owned an iPad before - and are wondering what all the fuss is about. If you're thinking of upgrading skip down to the "What's great about the Air" section below, or just buy it - it's amazing. Just what's all the fuss about? -------------------------------------- I used to own a laptop for work, and (very occasionally), it'd sit on my lap on the sofa, and I'd use it for pleasure (eMail, watching films or playing the odd game). Then I bought my first iPad, and the laptop became redundant, a boring "work device". Hard to explain, but the fact the iPad is so small and light, and you navigate around with your finger by pointing and gently swiping the screen makes the whole experience a lot easier - a lot more fun. Even my most "luddite" of friends have been won over. It's incredibly simple and easy to use (it only has one main button), and everyone from my one year old granddaughter to my 85 year old dad have taken to without problems. It's size and shape also support using it like a book (literally to read a book or web page), but you can also watch TV and films. Personally I'm also paranoid about my password getting "hacked", and someone running up a huge Amazon bill or buying stuff with my credit card on eBay. Well one of the benefits of the iPad (and iPhone) is it's "almost impossible" to get a virus - one of the most common ways to get hacked. This doesn't mean you shouldn't use strong passwords, (both Sony and Adobe got hacked), but it's reassuring to leave the Windows world behind. Finally, I love the way these devices (iPad, iPhone, Apple TV, Apple Mac), increasingly work together. The fact you can start a Pages document on your Mac and edit it on your iPad, or take photos on the iPhone, and in seconds see them on the iPad or Mac and display them on the Apple TV. Equally, you don't "need" to buy into the Apple dream. I also run a Google Nexus 5 (Android) phone, and a PC. Lots of programs (see below) can be used on the iPhone, iPad, Android and PC. The thing about the iPad is, "it just works". How about Apps? -------------------------- Firstly, an App, is a small "application" (a program) that runs on your iPad, and there's literally thousands available from the "App Store", with the most important ones (web browser, mail, music player, word processor, spreadsheet etc) are pre-installed or free to download. Many apps cost $1 - or 69p in real money, and loads are free (frequently advertising funded with the option to "add on" stuff - but beware you can run up a huge bill). Here's my favourites:- * Mailbox. Incredibly slick mail app (or use the built in Apple App) (Free) * Photo & iPhoto. Built in apps to take/view/edit photos (Free) * Skype. Chat to the family for free using a video call (Free) * BBC iPlayer. Great way to catch up on BBC TV. (Free). * tv24.co.uk. TV Listings. See what you're missing on TV (Free) * TVCatchup. Watch real time TV (the Freeview stations anyway). (Free) * Netflix. For 5 a month watch a huge collection of films online. (Free) * Evernote. Write and organise notes. Edit them on your Android, iPhone, iPad, PC or Mac (Free) * DropBox. Access your files, documents and photos on Android, iPhone, iPad, PC or Mac. (Free) * Tune In Radio. Listen to 1,000s of radio stations world-wide - or listen to Radio 4 like I do (2.40) * Spotify. Stream music for 5 a month (or free with ads). Brilliant! (Free) * eBay. Buy and sell your stuff online. (Free) * Garage Sale. Fantastic way to produce professional looking sales on eBay. (2.99) * Rightmove. Search for your next Flat or House or just gape at daft prices (Free) * Zite. Online web magazine that learns what you like. Terrific! (Free) * Movies by Flixter. Read reviews of films on cinema and DVD. (Free) * Kindle. Read your books from Amazon Kindle bookstore. (Free) * QuickOffice. Edit Word, Excel and Powerpoint documents (Free) * Pages, Numbers and Keynote. Apple's version of MS Office. Edit/save documents in Word, Excel andPowerpoint format. (Free) * MS Office. 80 a year subscription for 3-4 PCs, Macs or an iPad or "read only" for free. (Free) Of course you could also use it to read web pages (my wife loves the Daily Mail Online), or playing amazing games like "Football Manager" (2.99) or "Cut the Rope" (69p). It's a wonderful surprise having come from a PC background to find the most expensive game in the top 100 cost 6.99 and most cost 2.99 or less. Personally, I tend to use it for Mail, watching TV (BBC iPlayer, Netflix), or shopping using the built in browser - Safari. Having said that, I'm writing this review (using an external keyboard) on Pages - so it can (with a stretch) do "most" of what you can do on a PC or Mac. Which model should I buy? ---------------------------------- I can't comment about Android tablets (apart from the Google Nexus 7 which is well regarded), but in terms of the Apple tablet line-up in order of cost:- 1. Avoid the Apple iPad 2, it's a relatively old model, under-powered and with a lower resolution screen. 2. iPad 3rd or 4th Generation. Not quite as light, fast or thin, but if you're on a budget (and who isn't), a great alternative. 2. iPad mini is a lovely tablet. A 7.9 inch screen and astonishingly light and remarkably thin - it feels like a light-weight book. 3. iPad mini with retina screen. Again 7.9 inch screen, but with the blazingly fast A7 chip, and a "retina" (high definition) screen. Worth the upgrade from the "mini". 4. iPad Air. Much larger screen size (9.7 inches - doesn't sound much but it makes a huge difference). Same fast (A7) chip as the Mini with Retina - the latest and fastest full size iPad available. If you want a small tablet (eg. to read one handed on the train), I'd go for the iPad Mini Retina or (at a push), the original mini. In terms of a full size tablet, the Air is the fastest, lightest and thinnest, followed by the 3rd or 4th Generation iPad - and all are available on Amazon. It depends upon your budget. What are the Optional add-ons? ----------------------------------------- Well, assuming you've dropped by the Apple Store or John Lewis (which I would HIGHLY recommend), and handled the iPad Mini, and iPad Air then your options are around memory size and cellular option. Memory: Important! Once bought, you can't add memory (space for apps, films, books etc). However, the basic price goes up (+80 for the 16-32g iPad Air). But, having owned a 16g and 32g iPad - I can safely recommend the 16g unless you want to store a huge amount of videos and downloads. Only you can decide, and if you need the space, then buy the bigger model. Otherwise, 16g should be fine for most people - especially if you store photos and documents online (eg. Dropbox or Google). Cellular: Allows you to connect to the internet while you're out and about. This will add an additional 100 to the price and means you can slip in a mobile phone SIM card. This means (7-15 a month on contract), you can access the internet on the move. Alternatively, you can opt for the WIFI option, and use it at home or at at "hot spot" (eg. Starbucks, most rail stations and hotels etc). Note: If you have a "smartphone" (Android, iPhone or whatever), you may have the option of "tethering" your WIFI iPad to your smartphone. Effectively, this means using your smartphone's data connection to connect to the internet, and broadcast a local WIFI signal. You connect your iPad to this (password protected) signal, and then use your WIFI based iPad to connect when you're out and about. Sounds difficult, but even tying your shoe-laces was difficult first time. If you need advice, drop by the Apple store or search You Tube and I'm sure you'll find some help. Be aware, you may need to pay extra for tethering (eg. Three charge 5 a month extra), but a great option to avoid the additional cost of the "Cellular" option if you've aready got a smartphone. Personally I'd buy (and indeed did), the 16Gb iPad Air WIFI, but these are key decisions. Do I need anything else? ------------------------------- Most people (me included) buy a cover. Apple (and now hundreds of others) make a "smart-cover" which automatically shuts down the iPad when you close it, and switches it on when you open it. There's versions which cover the back, or just the screen. Apple charge from 35 to 65 for their (admittedly) high quality fabric or leather covers, but there's many available from 10. Be aware, you do get what you pay for, but "Swees Ultraslim" (about 10), has excellent reviews on Amazon. Personally,I think it's a pity to cover the beautiful aluminium industrial design of the iPad with a cover - but if you've spent literally hundreds of pounds, you'll want to protect it from scrapes and bangs. I also invested in a keyboard (25-80), as I tend to write a lot of mails and documents (remember it comes with a word processor). I'd recommend the Logitech Ultra Thin iPad Air Case with Keyboard - Space Grey. Be aware, a keyboard is strictly optional unless you want to use your iPad as a proper laptop. You can also buy a rechargeable wireless bluetooth speaker. It's a fantastic way to boost the sound quality and volume from an tablet, phone or PC. I'd recommend the JBL Flip (from 49), the Bose Soundlink Mini (169) or the top end Bose Soundlink III (259). Personally, I listen to music (Spotify or iTunes) or the radio on my wireless speakers every day. It's just brilliant. Finally, if you have another Apple device (eg. an iPhone, Apple TV or Mac) you'll find these work together beautifully. For example, you can create a reminder on your iPad and it appears on your iPhone. Equally, photos taken on your iPhone appear on your iPad, and you can send music or videos from iPad, iPhone or Mac to an Apple TV. Some people think this "locks you in" - but it's your choice. What's great about the Air? ----------------------------------- * Lighter (30%) and thinner than the previous version (469g from 650g) * Even faster A7 chip. Blazingly fast! * Improved sound (compared to the iPad 4) * Software including + iMovie - edit and publish home made movies + Numbers - Fully functional Excel for the iPad + Pages - Word processor + GarageBand - Play a piano or a drum kit + iPhoto - Edit and organise your photos What's not so great? -------------------------- * The change in physical size means you'll need a new keyboard or replacement cover if you're upgrading from a previous model * Pity Apple didn't include the "touch ID" to secure your passwords
R2YYM71KSD8AZ6	5.0	Love the iPad!	1	1	This is my third one for personal use and have also purchased others for my wife, kids and as donations to her 3rd grade classroom. I especially like the 4th generation because all the cases and covers for the 2nd and 3rd generation fit perfectly but it has the lightning adapter so the techie products work with it. I wasn't sure about the 9 pin vs. 30 pin cable but the 9 pin has the advantage of not having a top or bottom so I don't need to find my glasses or turn on a light to see which side is up. I was also very pleased to be able to get the 4th generation at a significant savings over the iPad Air. The fraction of an inch difference in thickness doesn't mean much when you put your iPad in a case for protection or use a combination case and keyboard. (I really like my ZAGG, which I picked up at a huge discount when the Air was introduced.) I bought the iPad 2 when it first came out, actually pre-ordered it, and had been using it for hours every day so I really don't think it owed me anything. It was developing a few quirks and I was maxing out the 16 GB of memory so for less than the cost of a 16 GB Air I was able to purchase a 32 GB 4th gen. I can now download and use one of the 5 tablet downloads for Microsoft Office that came with the "Office 365" I purchased without fear of over extending the memory and also download movies for use on trips. I know they are more expensive, but there is a reason. Having had a Samsung Tablet and and Asus tablet, the iPad is just better. Are there things I wish they'd change? Sure! Like the keyboard design that is always in upper case and doesn't show numbers and ...... (come to think of it, that is my only complaint!) They won't be around long, so if you've been considering an iPad don't hesitate to grab one of the 4's with Retina Display and save some serious money.
R216G523M9M8JD	4.0	The best of the tablets. Do not try others.	1	1	Since other people have written about the specifications and some of the advantages of the iPad tablet which I will not repeat here. I will only say that indeed the iPad works very well and you will be pleased with it. I will also briefly tell you my own story to try another tablet that left me completely unsatisfied and very disappointed: Before trying the IPad with Retina Display, I tried the most recent version of Amazon's tablet, the Kindle Fire HD 8.9" 4G LTE Wireless with 64G. The most powerful aspect of a tablet (according to my opinion) is its ability to establish a wireless connection. Without it, it is just a useless piece of extra weight someone carries around. And, unfortunately for Amazon, the Kindle's wireless card is not working as it should be. In my home, the tablet was loosing connection with the router continually (even when I was keeping them within 1-2 feet from each other) for unknown reasons. When the connection was on, I opened some simple web pages but the downloading was very slow. Trying to open cnn.com, the downloading was so excruciatingly slow that the tablet went to sleep on its own.... And this happened multiple times, not once. When I took it to an area where, in order to use the net, you must accept the terms and conditions, the connection was made but the browser got confused. The connection was lost and my efforts to reestablish it got fruitless. Although I use computers and other electronic devices on a daily basis and encountering problems is not foreign to me, with the Kindle I got tired and discouraged very quickly and I returned the tablet to Amazon 30 hours after I received it. The experience with the iPad has been completely the opposite. It worked immediately. The connections are relatively fast (often restricted by the lines themselves). There is a tremendous number of apps and work well although some of the free ones are quite annoying since they broadcast so many ads that make their use very irritating. (Incidentally: At the time I am writing this review, Amazon's app for streaming video is not working on the iPad with retina display although it was working for the previous iPad models. One cannot login to his/her prime membership!) Overall, if you are thinking to buy a tablet, I would strongly recommend to buy an iPad. However, think well before you decide. Amazon is great in returns (and I am a very satisfied Prime customer); it will refund your money if you do not like the Kindle. However, Apple has a restocking fee (15% at least; may even vary from store to store); hence you may loose a considerable amount of money if you decide to return the iPad.
R5MPWWQG1081V	3.0	E-Mail	2	2	Am experiencing severe problems with the e-mail portion. It will not receive nor allow me to write e-mail. Everytime I try e-mail it goes to the same screen where I cannot read my e-mail. It tells me how many I have in the inbox but won't let me get to the inbox.
R2RIBALH09T4FH	3.0	Great display and smooth scrolling hardware. HORRIBLE i-Tunes. 5 yr olds must be writing their code.	4	5	Worst user interface ever on i-Tunes. Have purchased 3d party code to do file transfers to/from it...WITHOUT i-Tunes. I'd return it on principle, but my wife loves it (She doesn't have to maintain the product). It's nice, but we no longer use i-Tunes for anything. Even their 'support' is difficult to get to. Apple, your cult following will diminish if i-Tunes is the best you've got. If i-Tunes were NOT the supporting software this product would get 5 stars.
RPS8S5Z0YBRNW	4.0	Great but still the Apples Windows complexity	4	5	Definetly i am a Mac user, i own a iMac 27', Macbook Pro, couple of iPods, an iPhone and my recent purchase... the iPad Retina. Is Great, fast, easy to use as any other iDevice, sadly some apple developers seems to be that they have worked in windows, for GODs SAKE!!!, whats the deal between sharing pictures with to different iDevices, it suppose to be easy to use, versatile and compatible with apple... so??? why everything has to pass through the annoying iTunes and the same disturbing message "This device is linked with another computer, syncing pictures from a different computer will erase them all" Apple managers, directors, technology and marketing guys... please keep it simple! (Plug and add, erase, let us do whatever we want to do with our images), if i hadn't have that many iDevices i would it change to Samsung or the Kindle Fire
R18IS1N2JQC0DE	5.0	Before this, I never met an Apple I really liked....	4	5	I'm a PC dood...but this thing is great. It'll probably replace my laptop and half of my PC usage, too. Now if it just contained a cell phone, a wet bar and a terlit..... .....but there'll probably be apps for those soon, huh? After that, I want a Holodeck staffed with two brunettes, a blonde, and one of those green-haired empaths.
R2GPJC2C0BSPEP	4.0	Apple	2	2	Most things I find about Apple they work the first time, No need to keep trying to download things, Much much faster connection. Battery life great may need to charge every three days. Don't like not being able to text message people without apple devices.
RM617O4UUQ9TY	5.0	iPad 4th Gen Pretty cool!	2	2	I have just started using my first tablet. So far, I am really impressed with all the business, education, and entertainment applications available. The 9.7 retina display gives you a super clear view that is better than anything viewed on my laptop.
R2FNI7DCK1V84H	5.0	Nice improvement from the iPad 2	1	1	I just bought the iPad 4 to replace the iPad 2 since my kids were using the 2 so much and I was tired of hounding them for it. I'm very happy with the upgrades. Like with my old iPad I'm basically using it to surf the net, watch streaming videos/podcasts, and read books. I don't take pictures with it or store music. I'm also not a gamer - so I can't comment that much on the retina display - but I will say the colors are brighter and I find it easier to read books. The big difference that I notice is in the processor. Even with my crappy internet connection I notice a huge improvement in the speed with opening apps and streaming videos. Battery life is longer than the iPad 2. However, because the battery is bigger on this device it takes a lot longer to charge. I like to kill the batteries on all my electronic devices before I charge them and from a dead battery to 100% charge on this iPad it took over 8 hours to fully charge. I wasn't using it when it was charging. In fact, I read on a couple of review sites that this iPad will continue to charge up to 2 hours after it says it's fully charged. My advice is to allow yourself extra time and charge it overnight if you can. All in all I'm very happy with it. Since I carry it with me everywhere I bought theOtterBox Defender Series Case with Screen Protector and Stand for the New iPad (4th Generation), iPad 2 and 3 - Pink Alpenglowfor extra protection. It does add some weight to this tablet but I like the security of knowing it will survive a fall if I drop it.
R10DYK3PDHSKDE	5.0	Great product!	1	1	The Apple iPad has been a great product. It is lightweight and has been very durable over the last few years. I have never had the screen crack or system break down. You could use it for school. For example, you can use it for note taking. It is nice not having to carry along a bulky laptop. It doesnt come with a keyboard besides the on screen keyboard, but you can always buy one for relatively inexpensive. Do you need help getting organized or maybe like staying organized? The wide-ranging apps can help you with all off this. They calendars, planers, email, and more! Some apps do cost money to get, but most actually do not cost anything or if they do, they cost very little. The Retina display is really clear. It has a built in camera. It can capture precious moments by photo or video! What is also great is that if you have an iPhone or an Apple computer the iPad can communicate with both of them. You can answer phone calls or send text messages with all three of them. The battery life on some tablets can be very poor, but with the iPad that is something you do not have to worry about. Picture this; youre sitting in class waiting for your next class to start with nothing to do. That doesnt sound fun. Now picture you having the iPad with you! With all the wide-ranging selection of apps out of the Apple app store how could anybody get bored? These are only some of the great features that the iPad has. Its a great product that I still use every day and I got it three years ago. If you get one so will you!
R3S9MFDRFEO5UD	5.0	iPad 4 or iPad 3s either way It's a great gadget	2	2	Got it from Sams Club for $494+tax. The online prices were going at around $560. Never thought i would buy electronic gadgets from Sams Club but it was a good decision. Super fast, very clean, sharp display.
R1O6PVYYUP1X9F	4.0	really great deal on the 64 GB WiFi option.	2	2	I deducted one star because the tablet is quite a bit heavier than expected. Found that my hands and wrists fatigued quickly holding it up to use. no regrets though, this is our first iPad and I don't know why we waited so long.
R106D6418XQ0XL	5.0	Better than PC	2	2	Love the iPad... Faster and more convenient to use than the PC when doing research or just cruised the internet. 64 gb and retina display make it awesome. Take it to film football games... Better than using a camera. Love it
R283IKB28AXBNC	5.0	Why I didn't buy it before?	2	2	Great, beautiful, useful, very smart! I have to say that everybody should have a iPad, mainly if it is Retina's display! Very satisfied, I feel very modern since it is very quickly to run and to use to study and work! Great!
R34JFKM953WLLS	5.0	It's so cool	2	2	I'm still learning what I can do with it but I'm having fun. It's last years model, but was 150 bucks less so I was able to buy a network wireless printer for the difference. I'm very happy with the product and the seller.
R1C73LWMKL5RHS	5.0	Perfect,	1	1	I've wanted an iPad since they first came out. I'm a devoted Apple/ Mac user since 1995 and I knew this was the iPad for me, Ordering was simple, and delivery was one day early which is always a welcome surprise. Although I've only been using this device for a short time, it meets or exceeds everything I expected from an Apple product. Whether you're upgrading from an older iPad or starting with your first, you can't go wrong with this one. The display is brilliant and large enough to read on for extended periods of time. The virtual keyboard is also larger and easier to type on than I had hoped. It's not preloaded with a bunch of unwanted apps but does have the basics to get you started. It took only a few minutes to make the settings "personalized" and I was off and running. I'm more than pleased with this iPad and highly recommend it to anyone and everyone. I know there are cheaper alternatives to Apple products, but you truly do get your money's worth when choosing Apple. Electronics innovations come and go faster than most of us can reasonably afford to catch up. With Apple, no matter how "old" your device is you can count on it still being relevant to today's standards, still capable of keeping up with new technologies, and just as sleek and well designed as the newer models. Overall, my review is always a massive thumbs up for Apple, and two thumbs up for Amazon's pricing, delivery, and helpful reviews,
R21EPDJSVTXGPE	4.0	Palpably faster than iPad 3	1	1	I see that many excellent reviews about this iPad have already been entered, so I just want to point out the one thing that is most salient to me. I've owned each of the iPads (1, 2, 3, & mini) and just received this one. It is very obviously faster than iPad 3! I cannot believe the number of "professional" reviewers on tech sites stating that they didn't really notice any difference. I was enraptured when I first obtained iPad 3, and felt at the time that the retina display ticked off my last "needs" box as far as tablet computing. But as I lived with it, it became annoying waiting on its A5X to scroll in a dense webpage ----- daily so. And the internet browsing experience is the real reason to consider upgrading to the 4 from the 3; it really is that much better. To use one of my favorite iDevice information websites as an example, go to www.imore.com on the iPad 3, and observe the staccato, stop-and-go browsing experience as you navigate down the page. Now, do the same on the iPad 4; it's smooth as silk. I'll still be looking for the retina iPad mini when it arrives (looks like 2014 at this rate), but other than the slight heaviness of this iPad 4, I'm completely satisfied. Noting the never-ending march to smaller-thinner-and-lighter-yet-longer-battery-life, it's difficult to see what Apple can do to improve upon this one.
R1PQQXZGHYJ6HF	5.0	this I-Pad is awesome, as are all of them	2	2	Top notch! I will say that I do not see a difference between the retinal display and the I-Pad II, but it is SLIGHTLY clearer, possibly. Regardless, this I-Pad is awesome, as are all of them! Buy with confidence!
R3JZM0DUOP395G	5.0	The best tablet	2	2	My whole family loves the ipad, I bought several because there is no way that is not in the hands of some my children or my wife's hands. we used other good tablets, but this is the best
R201W609YWZSOC	5.0	Fantastic but not a productivity device	1	1	I was skeptical that I'd use this all that much, but I'm hardly ever without it now. I use it to check stocks, weather, and news while I'm working, and to watch videos, play games, and read Twitter when I'm not. It's a big large and a bit heavy, so the mini or the new iPad Air might be recommended now for frequent travelers like myself. A good case that doubles as a stand is a must, but you don't have to overspend; I've found a couple I like a lot for $10, and at that price you can abuse them and discard them. What I thought I'd use it for was showing off my photos on the fabulous Retina display, but I actually mostly use it for the fantastic apps, like the one I use to download TV eps from YouTube to watch on the plane and another I use to download podcasts. It is NOT great for Web browsing (altho it's certainly capable) or ANY productivity applications. I do VERY little typing on it, and I wouldn't bother even trying to mess with business documents like spreadsheets and presentations. I'm sure there are those who swear by some presentation app or something, but I'm happy to do work on a laptop and keep the iPad for secondary distractions.
R26TMNBEBPGYY	2.0	Came with wrong and faulty iPad wall charger	3	4	I was excited to purchase iPad4 from Amazon at a great price but felt cheated when problem arises after few days. 1. When charging, the touch screen was behaving in a very strange way. I cannot click on the icon and screen just acted very strange. It works fine when NOT charging. I brought to Apple Store since it has 90 days warranty and the staff confirmed that my iPad 4 came with a fake and faulty charger. The text on the charger also indicated 10watts and not the original 12watts. The iPad came in an original packing with USB cable but the wall charger was totally fake. I can feel the different in the material too. 2. This was another disappointment for iPad4, it is thicker with bigger battery but it take like 4-5 hours for full charge from 50%. Also, when you use it for very long, the ipad get warm. I tried with different wall chargers (original 12W) and it is the same. The charging seem to take longer than the iPad2. I would stay away from iPad 4 is you are thinking of buying it for retina display. UPDATES: Contacted Amazon and the Seller. They suggested that I return the iPad4. I confirmed with Apple that iPad4 is ok and the charger need replacement. After several email exchanges, Amazon refunded me $19 so I can purchase original wall charger with 12 Watts for my iPad4. Kudos Amazon so I am giving the additional star for great customer service but not the product. Hopefully it charges faster now with 12W.
R1U84C6W242GCD	4.0	superb tablet!	4	5	things I like : The retina retina display is in a class of it's own. The "touch" is very responsive. things I don't like : the screen is easily breakable( as with most Apple products).It's far to big and heavy
R3AKDXP5XM3HK0	5.0	Great for Traveling - Worth the Money	1	1	I picked up a slightly dented Retina iPad for a great price and wasn't sold on the idea that it would be worthwhile to upgrade from my original iPad, since I don't use FaceTime and don't really see myself holding a giant thing up in the air to take a fake polaroid picture, either. But... The difference in speed is amazing. I took this with me to visit my extended family and was able to do everything I needed to do without bringing my laptop. If an app wasn't working for me, I could use a real browser (on the old iPad, safari worked, sort of, very slowly and did very little. This is a completely different tablet experience. I handed the old one down to my son, because he doesn't have to pay bills online or respond to emails that have attachments. As for whether it would be worth it to upgrade from an iPad2? Maybe. I've played with my friend's iPad2, though, and it seems just fine. This one is noticeably faster, but you'd probably do better to wait a generation for a bigger bump. However, now that the price has dropped following the release of the iPad Air, the bang for the buck is worth considering.
R39QW17EAHJE2R	5.0	I've been missing out	3	4	For so long I have been against buying an iPad. I have a 2007 desktop that runs Windows (which I recently ditched for Linux Mint) and it has always been my workhorse. I do a lot of graphic design work, school essays, and quite a bit of writing as a hobby. Last year I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7 inch and still like it for the most part, but even I--a "no knowledge with a mac" person--must admit the tab and other devices like it don't come anywhere close to the complete experience with the ipad. My main reason for not buy this has been because I had never really gotten my hands on one up close. Then one day my son walked in with one, and I was blown away by the ease of use combined with applications that work so naturally. I spent hours upon days tweaking the galaxy tab and fighting notifications. None of that with this device. It's smooth, durable, and brilliant. I also purchased a Smart Cover which works just fine but I might end up getting one of the clamshell style cases for use as a laptop when I'm out and about. As I type this, the iWork suite is updating in the background and the lightning cable is connected without any slowdown at all. Couldn't get that much out of the android tablet. I am also using the Anker bluetooth keyboard and it works perfectly. If anyone out there is considering a switch from android to ipad, I suggest going for it.
R3MVNY446R1WOV	5.0	Microsoft user	2	2	You convinced me..I bit the Apple...........It's great........... Still learning!....... I need to find easier instructions and software to print to my wifi printer.
R1027UT747FQ2I	5.0	WHAT A GREAT PRODUCT!	1	1	WHAT A GREAT PRODUCT! I have been working with an iPad 1st gen for a long time, and between that, my laptop, my video camera, my iPod 4th gen, and my iPhone 4S I have always been able to get my work done. However, when the 1st gen stopped getting support and my laptop started failing at some of its more complicated tasks (I'm a YouTuber, author, and I'm taking masters degree classes online) and I realized I couldn't afford to replace it right now financially but I couldn't afford not to replace it with everything I do, I decided to get the upgrade. I also purchased a bluetooth keyboard for this and viola! I can do a LOT of my tasks on the iPad that I had to have multiple devices to do before... and I didn't even think of the benefits of the high-quality video that this takes but it has replaced my video camera as well as multiple functions that I used to only be able to accomplish on my PC. Plus, the price for this refurbished beauty was WAY closer to being in my price range (especially after selling my 1st gen) so I didn't break the bank.
R35P5C5XFU6BMG	5.0	I regret nothing	1	1	I've had this iPad for one year, and I can only remember a handful of days that I didn't use it (vacation). My husband works in IT, and he is strictly a Windows user. He protested at first and refused to help me with any problems I have with it. Well, I have had ZERO problems. It's very user friendly for even someone not IT savvy. I'm sure it does lots of extra things that I haven't figured out yet, but I have no complaints so far. I've dropped it once. It landed on its corner on my hardwood kitchen floor and left a dent in the floor - not even a scratch on the iPad. I never put a screen protector on it, and I after a year, I still have no scratches. I keep it in a cheap, soft leather case and often use a tablet pen. I have it LOADED with apps and music. The battery life is excellent still. It will last about two days with me using it constantly during the day. If I just use it here and there, I don't need to charge for a week sometimes. It's my baby, and I don't regret anything about this purchase.
R2O4HF6QBV7UTF	5.0	El mejor...	2	2	Sin duda es la mejor tablet hecha hasta el momento. Posee todo lo que uno necesita y mucho ms. Nunca de la de sorprenderte lo que hace y puede hacer
R11YQVGJBO5FSZ	4.0	Deep discounts at this point, check pricing locally.	1	1	When I found this locally at 25% less than Amazon sells it, I finally upgraded my iPad 2 which had seen much better days. I am glad that I did not jump in sooner at a higher price. The most significant difference from my 2 is Siri. I already have her on my iPhone, and was looking forward to that upgrade. Yes, it is faster. I see it in opening apps and connecting to the Internet. I also notice my spider solitaire game plays faster. The colors are more vibrant. But seriously, if my older model hadn't been dented and dinged, sound controls no longer working, no longer able to synch with my computer, the change wouldn't have been worthwhile. At least not someone whose idea of speed involves solitaire cards. Sadly, one of my favorite games still won't play on 8.1. A good purchase for me, but at this point in time, check your local discount store for better pricing. I found the 16 gig at Wallyworld.
R79RYQPLW9FTZ	1.0	UPDATED 09-24-2013 came with a screeen scratch and problem with with iIOS 7	7	10	I would have given it 5 stars. But even though the Amazon Market Place's packaging for shipment was as good as required for shipping and delivering this type of merchandise, and that the Apple iPad factory box was undamaged, both wrappings intact and unopened, the iPad screen came with a noticeable two centimeter hairline scratch on top center, right below the camera lens. The scratch was visible through the factory envelope-like cellophane wrapping around the iPad itself. That type of scratch, could not had happened at the seller's warehouses, nor during transportation/delivery because it requires direct contact with the screen to produce it and as I explained the delivery package and product box where undamaged and unopened, so responsibility lies with manufacturing facility during or before final boxing of the iPad, which says a little of quality assurance and control in this case. That is, I do not blame Amazon nor the seller for the problem in this particular case (first time ever). That aside, the new iPad is working nicely and has a great retina display (colors, graphics, resolution...) and great speed. But I still will not give it the fourth and fifth stars, because contrary to what I'm used, and expect, to get from Apple products, this one didn't have that mint condition look that I expected from and Apple's new item. Instead of going trough the process of returning with all the time delay and implications (customs in my country for once)I installed a anti-glare/mate screen protector to "hide" the scratch, which somehow defeats the purpose of the great retina display IMPORTANT UPDATE: IOS 7 have a feature that cannot be turned of, which verifies that the Lightning connector is certified by Apple, and as soon as I update to IOS 7, and connected my iPad to be charged with the Lightning connector that came with the iPad in the original, brand new, sealed and unopened factory box I got a pop up display that stated that my iPad connector isn't certified and my not function properly with my iPad. I reported this to apple via chat support and the agent told me, after running an online diagnostic, that my device and connectors were new and that it was a glitch in the IOS 7 verifying routine that would be fixed on a next release (update of IOS 7), so I dismissed (every time) the message and charged my iPad without problems. But that was until today, after connecting the new iPad with the supposedly original Apple lightning connector and receiving the warning message, the iPad stop charging after reaching 27% charge. Beware, either don't buy this model or wait until Apple issues some kind of correction or update removing that verifying routine from IOS 7. Right now for me, living outside the US this is a disaster, returning the device, for me is not an option. So I will have to take my iPad to a Venezuelan authorized service center, testing and probably buying a new "original" lightning connector, cause if I buy the Apple care plan in the US It won't be applicable in my country.
R2ZOESZ8KWB6AW	5.0	Like Brand New. Just as described.	2	2	Great transaction. Fast shipping. Would recommend to a friend. The price is higher than a Kindle Fire because it is a higher quality product.
R27ZE7M40HDQ6K	5.0	Finally...	1	1	I have been wanting a tablet for awhile but must admit that cost was a huge issue in my decision to put off buying one. Need for a tablet finally caught up to cost and I started looking at several different brands. Who doesn't know about the iPad so I started looking at what I wanted/needed out of a tablet and what the other brands had to offer. After some time searching I was back to the iPad but was not happy at the cost of an "Air" and the amount of memory I got for the price. Bothered me enough that I almost was going to buy another brand (didn't want to but was lower price claiming to be equal to iPad Air - though reviews of both said the iPad was better) when my friend mentioned that I should be able to get more memory by buying the last model prior to the present model. Thought had not crossed my mind. I did just that and got 2X the memory of an new iPad Air for $60 less. I love my iPad !!!!
RY86ZC3XCFJJ	5.0	I use this daily	1	1	I don't really have anything to compare this to however I can say that I use it daily it is nice to be able to sit on the couch and surf the net. The freedom of not being stuck to a desk is great. The battery gives me plenty of charge I do not use it but a few hours of the day and usually only have to charge it every three days. The one thing I do not like that irritates me is that it is not flash compatible. This is the only notepad computer I have used so I really have nothing to compare it to. I would love to get my hands on something using the android operating system to compare. One feature this has that I use a lot is voice dictation which I am using right now it makes entering data very very fast. I do plan on purchasing set of speakers that is Bluetooth compatible, the sound on this is acceptable for general use but if you want to enjoy music external speakers are a must. Note this only has one speaker.
RTT3RBQYY0PXQ	5.0	love my ipad	4	5	This thing does so much more than i ever dreamed it would . I am just learning to use it and I know it does so much more than I can even realize. I am glad I got it
RZK1HP1FQ6MF4	5.0	Excellent Product	2	2	Very clear imaging, excellent speed, sleek lines, very reliable. It's really more than an i Phone. Operations are mostly intuitive.
R38HEA0TRY65SU	5.0	Great Tablet	2	2	I am super happy with this product. The retina display is nice, the speed is very good. I will never go back to another tablet.
RIIHFC5K2IRGT	5.0	Great Product	2	2	Fast processor, better graphics and video than my 1st generation ipad. I highly recommend buying this version of the ipad.
RFRTCIEMM56MY	5.0	Great buy	2	2	I have really enjoyed everything the iPad does all the functions great, got here on time and overall just a good machine
RY9S0IVN0H05C	5.0	Daddy's favorite toy!	1	1	Purchased the iPad initially to have in our home for a bunch of things such as reading, playing games, using maps, you name it. It's gone from not only a handy household device without having to use the laptop all the time, to a baby monitor that helps me keep an eye on our son at night. I have a FOSCAM IP camera paired along with their FOSCAM Pro app and it works perfectly. Rather than always having to use my iPhone as a baby monitor, I simply set the iPad on the side on a stand and keep the app running while keeping an eye on our little rascal. Love the iPad, has infinite uses. Last one we had was a regular one, as opposed to the retina display on this bad boy. Noticeable difference and is quite easy on the eyes when reading or anything else for that matter.
R28EQTCYDRY03D	5.0	Great tablet!	1	1	I originally got this for my wife who used her iPhone a lot but after surgery had a difficult time with the small screen of the iPhone. I couldnt be happier with its performance. My wife didnt think it was worth it initially but it has been great at home, on trips, and especially in the hospitals weve spent way too much time in lately. The screen size is great for her to see and use. For watching streaming shows and movies, the screen looks great and is plenty big for the face-to-lap distance. The battery life hasnt been an issue after a year of good use. It also worked with our iPhones with minimal configuration/setup. Im not a fan of Apple products (mainly due to the limited software and games) but I have to say this one has worked out great.
R11X3AFTDOF4NU	5.0	Glad I Bought the iPad4!!	3	4	Admittedly, I'm a die-hard windows OS user and droid user. However, after doing much research and talking to other people, I decided to buy the iPad4 for a tablet. So far, I'm not disappointed. I will still use windows-based computers and my Samsung Galaxy droid phone, but I have to admit that when it comes to a tablet, the Apple iPad4 is the way to go!!! WiFi connection is never a problem, the OS is super fast, the retina display is awesome, the feel of the tablet is nice, the sound is okay, the camera takes high quality pics/vids, the battery life is long, and I love all of the apps that are available. Also, I'm in the healthcare profession and often need to reference medical information quickly, so having this tablet provides me with the ability to get information in real time (using medical apps) and/or record notes all while at the patient's side. Overall, a great tool for personal and professional use!!!
RX0MOKYVZMQH9	4.0	Ipad still feels best of the tablets	1	1	It's surprisingly productive, not just a toy as some have said. Next time I would probably get the version with cell service not just wifi. There are times, when traveling where it would be better to have all the time Internet connectivity and not have to hunt around for a wifi hotspot. Or definitely purchase mobile hotspot service if you get this model. This model doesn't have built in GPS like cellular model. That means if you plan on using this for GPS on the go, then you must purchase a separate gps to plug in (80-90$) and also pay for mobile wifi. So if you plan to use gps function, might be more cost effective to pay a little more up front for cellular version to save in added cost and inconvenience of hooking up this model for GPS use.
R33H8Z6LGQ10IM	5.0	Apple iPad with Retina Display - Black	2	2	It was exactly what I wanted at a great price. I also received it in just a few days in its original packaging.
R26XE4D1UIO4Q	5.0	IPad vs Samsung Galaxy	1	1	I ordered Samsung Galaxy Tab. Could not download movies from Amazon because unit needed flash player and flash player no longer on mobile devices. Spent 2 weeks trying to get Google Play Store perk - never did get it. Assume support would be same.... So returned it to amazon & got Apple iPad. I absolutely love it. Have downloaded movies. & books. Was so surprised & pleased with ease of learning a new system - I'd never operated an Apple. I can even print pictures from iPad. A really amazing device. I chatted with support re how to set up groups in contacts. Patrick at Apple was fantastic. Gave the link for group instructions which I printed right from the iPad. It was a great experience with support. I HIGHLY recommend iPad.
R2B3DVE7DZL7SZ	5.0	Easy Verizon set up. Works with plans or pay as you go.	1	1	Verizon asked for 2 numbers on the outside of the box (the MEID and the ICCID numbers). This sticker also says "Verizon" in the description line. Set up was very smooth. I can use the ipad with my family plan or a pay as you go plan- ($20 for 1gb monthly. They have more gb for more money) The box is plastic wrapped with a generic sticker over the numbers, so you will have to "open" the box. (the generic sticker does not say "verizon" which worried me, but the inside sticker did.) Since I get good reception with verizon, I am sure this will work out nicely. It uses your wifi when you are home -or you can select another wifi at your location. If it can't find a wifi, it reverts to the Verizon. Beautiful ipad - will make a great gift.
RQEYF479RRA78	5.0	Its an IPAD 4	4	5	What else can you say its the best tablet out there. It works as expected. Buying on-line is the way to go, simple and convenient.
R1GIU4QQ08VZU3	5.0	A complete game changer	3	4	Gotta be upfront, I thought the ipad was ridiculous when it was first announced. It seemed like a giant iphone and a quick way for Apple to once again cash in. Boy was I wrong. It's been less than a week since I got my iPad and I can't imagine being without it. What prompted the purchase was the need to efficiently and quickly take notes for my job that I could later transform into a memo. It does that. I then rediscovered my love for comics with my subscription to the marvel app. HBO Go makes being away from home and catching up on some of my favorite shows a regular thing. Heck, I don't have a tv in my bedroom but I can now watch live cable tv via an app and the experience is great. I could go on and on. The kindle app, youtube, amazon prime...the list goes on and on, and its only been one week. I love the thing and couldn't recommend it more.
R1N2F0F7WR6IK6	4.0	It is not so bad !	2	2	I like it! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can do a lot of things with it , but better if there will be more apps
R19A1WWFX2S16A	1.0	Still connected to previous owners iCloud.	3	4	This purchase was a huge disappointment for me. It arrived extremely fast, which was great, it was in excellent condition for a used iPad. The problem lies in the fact that iPads are not checked to make sure they are no longer connected to the previous owners iCloud account. In the event this happens there is absolutely no way to use the iPad (I tried everything) which makes it a huge disappointment. Especially since this was the second one I purchased (the other was from another seller) that arrived "locked". Although I had a terrible experience with this item customer service was quick, friendly, and I received a full refund as soon as they received the item back. So it could've ended worse I suppose. My daughter had to wait an additional two weeks after her birthday for her iPad (which I purchased new in a store) but everything is ok now.
R3GO6L7JB3QP1U	5.0	My kids love it.	1	1	I got one for each kid. My daughter seems to have been acquired by the device. Like trapper keeper in southpark, or like brain slugs in futurama. You cannot find my daughter without this device. She absolutely loves it. The screen is small but it has higher resolution than my 42 inch monitor. It is an impressive screen. I bought a laptop for portability. I didn't know what portability was till i used one of these devices. I got the kids one each (2 kids) now i want one. Just not sure i can bring myself to spend 600 dollars on myself. If you can get over how these things are made this is a nice product. These are NOT made in America. These are quality products but.... why is my conscious bothering me?
R2EESWEUJLTDH	1.0	The item is worse than it is stated	1	1	I had some really negative experience buying this product. At the time of buying it showed me as "Condition:New" but after delivery I found that it was an used one. The iCloud was logged in through the account of any other existing person and I was not able to change it as I had no password and it was worthless. And it even contained some undeleted message from the date of year 2014. I found a scratch on one of the edges of the iPad as well. I have kept the screenshots and pictures for each of these mentioned problems. Actually it was the gift to one of my friend and I was really embarrassed when he notified me of the defects. Now I am returning it.
R2YYKN2UW5NNBB	5.0	I just love it !!!	2	2	It was very easy to set up and use. It is great to be all relaxed on the sofa and send emails or Skype....
R3UE71U650FLV0	5.0	I love this iPad!	1	1	Everything I was expecting and more. I made the mistake of purchasing a Kindle Fire last year. Apps are limited and it appeared that the ones they did have were not as good as the same apps made for Apple products, like my iPhone. The graphics on these iPads are simply amazing! The processor is much faster than my girlfriend's iPad 2. I've owned it for less than one week but love it thus far. Oh, and I have not had ANY problems with WiFi connectivity issues whatsoever. I am guessing and hoping that they have since corrected that problem. I would highly recommend purchasing one of these if you are looking for the best tablet available, in my opinion. Enjoy!
R1CUQFSJWPMBCX	5.0	My First Apple product ( was a from me to me New years Gift!)	1	1	I Can't Wait till it Gets here!! I know I'm Going to LOVE it!! I checked out a friend of mine's ipad and Had to get one! and of course I had to have the 64gb wifi/4g 4th generation....Might as well get all the Bells and Whistles too! while I'm at it...lol My ipad came yesterday(1/28) and I was Right I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEE it!! Best purchase I EVER made!!! I love all the AWESOME Features and the Siri app is So Cool the picture Quailty is Excellent all the apps Omgggg!! Love them!! music mags Games Photo booth face time the app store itunes you name it it's got it!! Love! Loveee! Loveeeeee! My ipad!! Oooooh I Forgot the battery Life is Beyond Awesome!!!!!
R2KO8TRI2BPDF9	5.0	This IPad is just so easy to use I will never go back	2	2	I tried windows 8 wow what a mistake that was. This IPad is just so easy to use I will never go back.
RSHX1U07TPCJB	5.0	Love Love Love It !!	2	2	I've been a Kindle user and decided to purchase an IPad, I'm so glad I did ! The videos are SO clear.
R1JR3Y3KR44J5I	5.0	The nicest, and, very nice to own!	1	1	This is my first iPad. I'm purchasing it for my 66th birthday!! Who else is going to do that but me!! I'm a gadget person and love technology. When I purchased my iMac (27") desktop - "wow" is all I can say. It is beautiful. I have the iPhone 4S and I love Siri so I know I will enjoy her on my iPad as well. The processor for my ipad will be like lightning and I look forward to using the iPad in a more leisurely way, I've waited to get the newer model for the Retina Display. Apple technology is great!! My iPad is on the way Once I use it, I provide more feedback later. Until then, I'm anxiously awaiting my new toy! Carol
R12B9XN6TDSR61	5.0	Awesome	1	1	Had it for over a month and so far it exceeds expectations. The speed is great, wifi connection good, and the retina display is jaw-droppingly beautiful. Wish the battery lasted longer but charging it is no problem. Other thing is my Brother printer isn't a compatible "airprinter", which is a downer, but not a huge deal as I don't need to print directly much. Web browsing is fun, iMessage replaces texting from my cell phone (saving me $$), and streaming videos is a joy. This is my first tablet and I couldn't be happier. Oh yeah, I got the 16gb and it fills up fast.. Do yourself a big favor and get at least 32gb, I wish I did.
R2FDAYGF3Q1FMT	5.0	I love it and suspect	1	1	This device exceeds my expectations! I love it and suspect, just like my brain, I'm only using a fraction of what it is capable of. The clarity of the display is brilliant. I have not activated the Verizon part since I'm not traveling and have Wi-Fi available. But when I go on vacation or travel, no doubt I'll activate it. I purchased the ArmorSuit Military Shield and Alpatronix 4-in-one protective Case and will review those separately. For me both a protective shield and case are "must have's" to protect my investment. For anyone with reservations about technology - you don't have to be a geek to get the Apple iPad going.
R2UCSG83VGEE86	5.0	Worth the Money	1	1	I purchased the item in early August of this year and I must say I have not been disappointed. I have never owned the original iPad so will have nothing to which to compare. However, this device has met most of my expectations and I love the ease of carrying it around. I say "most" because I realized it didn't come with a calculator like my Iphone. No big deal! I simply went into the app store and installed a free one on the device. Problem solved!! I am also delighted with the fact that I can surf the Internet and read my Kindle books at the same time. It's quick and very user-friendly. I'd say it's a sound investment.
RVLZ2RC2F1LUL	4.0	Digital Christmas	4	5	You got to have one! The only downside to this product is the weight. This is definitely a two- handed item.
RKSO1WS846APA	5.0	beautiful condition for refurbished	1	1	Yeah, its hard to beat apple, we are a mixed pc/android/apple family, I have laptops, desktops, tablets and phones of all types. These things just work, beautiful condition for refurbished, it looks new. One thing is it does not come with the wall charger, I guess Amazon is not shutting down Walmart any time soon. Puts my amazon prime media up on the TV without even thinking about it, (we had an apple TV) Was thinking about getting the Amazon fire, but there's a lot negative comments on it, thought about another apple tv, but ordered the Roku instead just to see what it can do, will let you know. Cutting the cable soon :-)
R37LLLBKXKZNJF	5.0	awesome!!!!!	4	5	thes best birthday giift ever! is simply awesome, never had an ipad but now i have my own and i am very happy
R2P38KC7PW1NCF	5.0	Good product, even for a PC person	1	1	This is my first Apple product, and I'm adjusting to it--favorably. I've always been a PC person, and I feared I would be giving up some "control" with the iPad (I'm not even sure just what I mean by that!). But actually it's beginning to feel like I've gotten more control than I've lost. I'm learning more about Apps and seeing their value. The biggest thing, of course, is the convenient size of the iPad and the ease of taking it with you, especially when travelling. The one thing I wish is that it had a USB drive. Still, I'm very satisfied with the iPad and glad I made the purchase.
RI1QXJ17R5LRO	5.0	Ben	1	1	Well, most of time I hear that nothing changes in iPads and IPhones although android devices pop up in thousand models and price. I have both Android and Apple and I already replaced android twice but IPad and IPhone are still the first ones. And the reason for that is that Apple do not aim to have three hundred models but to perfect the only one they have in the way that you are not actually pushed to be replacing gear all the time. I make the same understanding for PC and Mac as I still have my very first one and PC I need to replace or upgrade hw every time a new windows is out. Cheers
R3W418RLNQDT59	5.0	I'm a convert!	1	1	I've long resisted getting a tablet, thinking of it as an under powered, limited alternative to a notebook computer--and I have a very nice one of those (Sony Vaio). Well, I was wrong! For traveling--whether to the couch or remote trade shows--I'll be taking my iPad instead of my notebook; there's nothing I'll be doing away from my desktop tower machine that the iPad can't handle. The display is absolutely stunning, the speed is very impressive, and the whole user interface--while slightly confusing to a Windows user--is FAR superior to anything Redmond has turned out. Highly recommended!
R3R4BYX51URDN7	4.0	Very happy with iPad 4	1	1	Quick delivery, however, I don't know what carrier was used, I was surprised I didn't have to sign for it when it was delivered. I was at work, tracking the package delivery. The carrier left the package in an unsecured area by my gate, in the rain, despite my leaving the gate open so they could leave at doorstep out of the elements of the weather. I was receiving texts on progress of delivery, and luckily, my husband arrived home from work soon after it was delivered, so the iPad didn't get rain damage. There was no record on box who the mail carrier was, only that it was from Amazon.
R3FI3YUNFJOFN2	5.0	I'm Lovin This Device	1	1	I am so glad I bought this IPAD. My first Ipad. I have a Kindle Fire and was considering the new Kindle Fire HD. After reviewing for several days I decided on this IPAD 4. I really love it. It is fast...in an area where we still have slow computer speed. I never used my Kindle for web browsing, it was just too slow. I use the Apple Ipad to search the web daily. Friends have told me they stop using their pc's but I don't think I will be able to give up my desktop. However, I love this Ipad and use it daily. It is just the right size for me; bright enough I can "see" it.
RT82QZIMSW79W	5.0	Very user friendly	2	2	It is as easy to use. they were right that you could use it right out of the box. Great
R33VBT8E4GFJJM	5.0	iPad purchase used	1	1	Ok I stepped out and took a chance on used electronic equipment and bought an iPad. Though anxiously awaited the delivery time...New York to Nevada requires a degree of patience.. It did arrive two days earlier than promised. Went immediately to the nearby Apple store for a checkup and training and couldn't have felt more intelligent with my purchase. It worked like brand new, included 2 protective covers so saved me that add on and I spent $200 less than I expected if I went with the 16gb...and I got the 64gb with high def!! Thank you amazon, great job once again!!
R2FS6XJ3OJY5OZ	4.0	Apple Ipad w/Retina Display	1	1	I am still on a learning curve, looking for and finding apps which is why I did not give this a five star rating. Does not work like a computer and it is hard to make the transition. But so far so good. This replaces another table I had purchased which was easily returned to Amazon with no problem (thanks Amazon, your the best!) I believe that once I have everything linked, I will love it more. Have used it to read a Kindle book and watch a movie but I know there is much more that I can do with it. Will post more once I have had it a bit longer.
R2F2DI3KPJUNWZ	5.0	Great Apple Product	1	1	No doubt why Apple has the corner on the tablet market! Easy setup, availability of apps, fast response and design are only a few of the reasons why I chose the iPad. The iPad generation 4 is still a great product and the price reduction is a good reason to buy one. I really love the screen resolution on this model. I try to stick with Apple products for the ease of transferring documents data and photographs across all platforms. The packaging and quality of the iPad is outstanding. I'd recommend this product highly before they are sold out.
RY89LEDGBTBG4	5.0	Who Doesn't Love iPads?	1	1	Seriously, this thing is SO MUCH fun!! No complaints whatsoever! There's a bit of a learning curve, but having had an iPhone for a couple of years, it was an easy transition, since they both work basically the same way. Even if it's your first Apple product ever, you will not regret it and will learn all the ins and outs very quickly! Love the way I can go from the couch to bed to the kitchen.. anywhere really.. and never have to stop in the middle of what I'm doing! Absolutely recommend this to everyone!
RMBTPX73H2CM6	5.0	Deserves 10 stars	1	1	This is my new best friend!!! I remember when I thought anyone that bought this had more money than brains! That's not me, so I thought about it for a longtime! It has never been out of my hand since day one. This thing is so fast and easy to use. I'm a senior citizen and I never had a bit of trouble trying to figure out how to use it.....very user friendly. I'll never again be without an ipad.......they are definitely worth the money and then some. I tell everyone.....if you can afford it, don't even think about any other tablet.
R1BN485KQTDPIR	4.0	Great product	1	1	The iPad is a great product. Specially good for movies on airplanes, trains and buses. Dont really find the 4G worth it. Have the 16Gb and just rotate a bunch of movies and delete them after Im done.. Which is fine.. The only problem (as all apple products) is that file managing can be really frustrating sometimes. I have previously posted something about the power plug not comming with the box, but that was just my girlfriend focusing way too much on her new toy and not bothering looking at the box :) Hope this helps...
R38DVT9DFUKFWT	5.0	Amazing tablet, know its limitations.	1	1	I feel this review is almost not necessary. It's an iPad. Everyone knows they're great. The only reasons you would not be happy with this as a tablet is if you don't understand its limitations. You can't run Android or desktop applications, there are no usb ports, memory card slots, or removable battery. Some of these you can solve with workarounds, such as carrying an external battery brick or using a sd card to lightning adapter. Most people won't be concerned with these issues but I thought I'd mention them in case.
R2PITAIEP8T8ZX	2.0	More glitches and crashes	1	1	I'm convinced people go crazy over apple products solely because of the out of control trend of owning everything apple. Personally, my iPad has crashed and glitches constantly since day one, on an every day basis. I replaced it. Same problem. There are so many better products out there, but somehow the iPad is rated as number one everywhere you go. Sure, the access to apps are nice. But I've had cheap laptops with far less problems, and you could actually use it for more than apps and web browsing. Way over priced.
R1MKA9L9DGW73J	5.0	Get this if you have verizon.	1	1	Worth every penny, especially considering that the "sprint" version is the exact same version as the verizon version, physically and software wise. Apple only produced 2 versions of the ipad, so the branding really doesn't matter. This will work with a verizon sim card on their LTE network. I've been using it that way, and it works great. Don't even think about getting a smaller size. The 128gb allows me to have my work apps, and all their associated downloads, and still have my music and videos on there.
R2X2DOQ68DHLO0	5.0	Apple iPad	1	1	I have two Kindles and didn't know for sure if I would use the iPad, but oh was I wrong! I love it more and more as we get to know one another!! It has been easy to use, just as the Kindle was. Things are much better and better for my eyes and that is a very good thing! At first it kept slipping out of my hands and then I got smart and put it in the case that I got with the bundle and it is wonderful to use. I love it and know as I get to know more about it, I will only love it more!
R2F63IEG9W2E93	5.0	Use it every day	1	1	What is not to like about a Retina display iPad with plenty of storage, features, and good battery life? I feel that I don't need to write a full review on an iPad... those are all over the web. My only comment is about the Lightning port. While it is a good technological advancement over the old 30-pin Apple connector, it is hard to "find" in the dark and of course the limited accessories is annoying. But can't hold much of that against Apple. They couldn't keep that old connector forever.
R39VP7E7BKHJF2	5.0	like it better than my android tablet videos look better ...	1	1	First I Pad, wanted one, couldn't beat the price.Brand New and under $600.00( for 128 GB model Wow. I have an Ipod 4 Touch so it wasn't hard to set up or anything, like it better than my android tablet videos look better and play better.But I am still a Windows person. and yes I like windows 8.1 pro. The ipad will replace my Android tablet. So I say if anyone wants an IPAD get the 128 GB 4th Gen model before they disappear and at a great price. because the ipad air 128 model cost up to $1000.00
RRL6OKRTE7NVZ	4.0	Love it!	1	1	I am using my iPad every day and hardly ever have had any problem with it. The only drawbacks I see is that it doesn't support software like the Flash player so there are things I can't do with it, and the fact that it doesn't have any USB port or memory card slots (I like to upload my photos and some files).I still need my computer for certain things, so it does not substitute a computer. But it is easy to take with me, for traveling it is great, and it does most of the things I need.
R1VPKG2STURADT	5.0	great camera feature	1	1	When I got this in the mail I was like ugh what's the difference with a regular iPad Until I went to the camera section, the camera quality was so good because I'm a person that likes taking lots of photo and the retina display feature was what really got my attention aside from other features So if you're looking for a tablet with great camera feature I would suggest this for you I don't really think there's any flaws, well I know of for this IPad
R30PX2KW9L8Z77	5.0	ve my iPad	1	1	I own a iPad the first one. So when it finally went down I really missed it as I used it all the time. After seeing the newer ones and how they have come down on cost, I decided to replace my old one. So far very please. Nice that it is thinner so not as heavy, the color is so much brighter, but it was easy to transition to because the lay out is close to my old one. I actually got this one for half the cost of the first one so that is the greatest plus.
R1RTF2QXHONQWT	5.0	The price was pretty fair in my opinion	1	1	The price was pretty fair in my opinion, and it came brand new, just as stated in the description. Device works great, so I'm really satisfied with the seller. In terms of the iPad itself, I think it's very convenient and works well. I bring it often to my university classes to take notes with; it's a lot easier and lighter to use compared to my 15.6" laptop. It runs all of my apps well and I haven't had any concrete problems with the device itself.
RJ86UCWTWXTI3	5.0	Worth the upgrade!	1	1	I had an Apple 1st gen iPad and wasn't sure I "needed" to upgrade to the 4th gen. Boy, am I glad I did. Besides the camera, which the 1st gen doesn't have, this 4th gen's speed is muuuuuuch superior. My iPad is only used as a back up or for travel, but I'm happy with my decision, plus I sold my 1st online at auction for over $100, further reducing the price. Also bought the Fintie Folio Leather Case Cover in green, which is fantastic!
R25F2BSYK25G3L	2.0	Screen color off	1	1	Have done photography and color correction for 30 years. This screen color is extremely greenish yellow. I own an Ipad 2, wife has an IPad mini, father in law has an Ipad 2, both my daughters have Ipad minis, syster has an Ipad 4 and this is by far the worst color of any that I have seen. I am afraid Apples quality control is slipping since Steve Jobs passed away. This is a common problem with the newer iPads from what I read on the internet.
R998OSJ87HUXP	5.0	Christmas Gift	1	1	The product speaks for itself. I think most people would like this item for Christmas. I would like to thank the seller for getting it there before Christmas. It arrived on the 24th. It was a special gift for my son who is in the army and was really excited to get it. The seller gave me quick response to my e-mails and promised to get his gift there before Christmas and they did. So thanks for good service and you made my soldier very happy!
R3L908DI7OFGK7	4.0	I Pad 4th Gen	1	1	I like it for a tablet device, but in the end I'm not really a table user that much. What I don't like is the absence of a full USB connector. The display is good and the utility is good...as a tablet. In the end you better weigh the return given the cost...vs a laptop. I bought it more as a toy....I would not buy any type tablet again for a primary computing device, rather I would put that money towards a nice laptop or desktop machine.
R5M0YNX4L5CLH	5.0	Worth the upgrade	1	1	This iPad is definitely the best tablet to date. This is such a huge upgrade from the last iPad 2. It's retina display looks absolutely incredible. There is so much media available on the iTunes Store and there is so much you can do on an iPad. Being able to check emails without the need for glasses is a huge plus. I love this iPad and I'm using it to write this review right now in such a stunning display. I recommend this to you all day.
R3K5R8610DZYAJ	5.0	iPad is fabulous!	1	1	I received the Kindle HD 8.9 as a gift and dislike it from the start. After I discovered that it had a defect which caused the letters I was entering to change, I sent it back and ordered the iPad 4. Oh what a difference!! I had read a lot of reviews on iPad vs. Kindle and thought that Kindle would be fine for my needs but the Apple product is far superior. I am a big Amazon fan but I would highly recommend iPad 4 w/retina display!
R31KHOIWKSLMVF	5.0	Ended up being cheaper than Apple!	1	1	Thanks you guys - for some reason, Apple cancelled my order of 2 ipads and didn't bother to let me know - I was beyond angry and did what I was originally going to do and purchased through Amazon and even though the initial cost is more, I ended up saving by purchasing here! No reason not to purchase your ipad through Amazon - besides, you can get all of the accessories, cases, etc, etc. much more reasonable here on Amazon!
RNMBYJ27J6EJL	4.0	Great product, solid upgrade from 1st Generation	1	1	This iPad was a replacement for an early iPad. I have found the changes to be positive and helpful. After thinking that a camera would have little value I am finding multiple uses for it. The screen is better although I had no real issue with the Gen 1 Screen. It seems a bit faster, but, again, I had no real issue with the speed of the earlier model. Overall, good, solid upgrade but no clear "WOW" factor.
R3HNNSNT2CF52R	5.0	Bought it for my wife.	1	1	Bought it for my wife as a present to replace her gen 1 iPad. She loved the old one and really loves the new one and its display. Keeps peace in the family - she is a devoted Apple user - iPhone, iPad iPod - I am an android fan with Galaxy S4, Tab 10.1 Pro - so at least I won't have to share my phone and tab with my wife (superior screen). The reason for the 5 stars is it is exactly what my wife wanted - no dissappointments
R23NZAKHM966HU	5.0	Missing Charging components (fullfilled by Amazon) did come with USB cable,(not compatible) but not the charger	1	1	Product as advertised, got to my location waaaaaaaaay early which I clearly love. However the charging componets (the charger itself, not the usb cable which this Ipad does not like so I am using my Iphone cable which is charging it, sloooooooooooowly) is missing. Since this was fullfilled by Amazon, I'll take that issue up with them. I love my new (very, very gently used) Ipad 4 and will do business with this seller again!!
R2L0JEZTDWO437	5.0	earned its top spot on the list	1	1	Pros: - brilliant screen - exceptional battery life (double the capacity of the 1st Gen Xoom tablet) - flawless software interoperability with over 60 installed apps from the marketplace - seamless integration with iTunes - ease of navigation - better office application support as a BYOD item Cons: - lack of root directory access(former Android user) - higher price Update: 6/1/2015 I've had this tablet over 2 years now and the battery is still holding up well. I love the tablet and have found it indispensable on work travel trips as well as personal use for watching movies and reading. When I travel I use it as a second monitor (using Duet) and it allows me to multitask applications. I have found about 60 apps that I use on a daily basis for fun and productivity. This was an excellent purchase and no regrets 2 years later. The only negative I have about apps is that the Apple Store doesn't offer Wifi Analyzer, which is the only reason I keep my android Xoom around.
R15KSMU0YCMTW4	5.0	Apple was recommended to me for ease of use	1	1	I don't know much about tablets, but thought I should have one so my grand kids didn't think I was totally out of touch. Apple was recommended to me for ease of use. I'm enjoying the learning curve. Tablet works great. Price was comparatively reasonable and as usual Amazon's delivery was quick. What more could one ask for. My Grandkids were even impressed and are now helping me through the learning curves.
R2WGYWMFBQ92EO	5.0	Amazing tablet computer!	1	1	I've tried several computers and tablets and all had problems and returned them. Was ready to give up and my neighbor had an apple ipad2. Went and ordered one with new retina screen. Absolutely a light year ahead of anything else out there. Is the Rolex of tablets! Windows 8 is probably the worst software ever devised. The apple system os7 is the beginning of all future computers. hooray!,,,,
R9JZ1NDF5PLF	5.0	I'm so glad I made this purchase	1	1	I'm so glad I made this purchase. I was a bit concerned at first because it was a lot of money to buy a product online. However, I was not disappointed. I use my iPad every day; I've had it since October. Such a great purchase, and so much cheaper than the most current version. Also, I'm glad i bought the large storage- well worth the money since I never have to delete things to open up space.
R1CMB1TS4BDPHF	4.0	iPad	1	1	Superb hardware, my only gripe is the "OK" mono speaker. iOS is a constant irritant to me, totally Apple, they dictate to the user what they can and can't do or view on the machine. Luckily 2rd party suppliers have produced software to compensate, and with that software iOS becomes usable. I eagerly await someone producing an OS for this device that really exploits its capabilities.
RFKTONZESPVV7	1.0	This cost me a great deal of time to sort out	1	1	Buyer Beware ~ I ordered this item not once but twice and both times received the wrong model (MD518LLA) which is Wifi & AT&T Cellular and not Retina Display (according to Apple). The 518 also sells for hundreds less than I paid for the 512 that I thought I would be receiving. First mistake - frustrating but excusable - second time inexcusable. This cost me a great deal of time to sort out.
R1QIC4UTVGGEEF	5.0	I LOVE IT ! ! !	1	1	I knew I was going to love this piece of electronics because I had seen one that my grandson had. (I'm 83!) I'm having a little trouble getting started with it, got myself a Manual online that is helping me a lot. It's a bit different from the PC that I'm used to, but I can see lots of fun ahead for me. Now to find the time to play with it! Thank you, Amazon, for a very good price on this.
R2NYNU8LF5I7V0	5.0	Love the updates	1	1	I went from the original Ipad to this model and it's an incredible difference. I was convinced that I no longer needed an ipad at all as I never used mine anymore, but my wife needed one to use at work and we went with this most recent model. The resolution is incredible, very lightweight, and so much quicker than the original... Now I want one for myself while she's using hers for work!
R259EXMT5JQETU	5.0	Upgrade for a drowned iPad 2	1	1	After my iPad 2 blew into the lake and I could not salvage it, I decided to do a serious upgrade to the 4 with twice the capacity for my photos and for my music. The optics are super, the speed is faster, and I hope to back up by syncing to my computer for some of my photos and apps. I recommend tis for anyone who does photos and want crystal clear views and great memory!
R27PWW1B2ZDN52	5.0	Great ipad with a lot of features and user friendly to just about anyone	1	1	I really like the iPad 4. Very easy to set and use and it does so much more than the kindle fire or nook in my opinion and I own both of the other. The larger screen is much more user friendly. The touch keypad is very responsive and it takes great pictures. I have only owned it a month but I have no complaints up to this point and the price was better on Amazon then any where else.
R27Z53KC72W89	5.0	Great Upgrade from iPad 2!	1	1	Sold my iPad 2 back to Amazon, and was debating between this iPad (64GB) 4th Gen or the new iPad Air. From what I seen on reviews they are basically the same except for size and weight difference. While this iPad is a little on the heavy side, it is definitely a lot faster than my previous iPad 2 and the retina display is awesome! Not too mention I kept the same cases from iPad 2.
R1G9SWPMSYFSLW	5.0	Great product, great price, great company! What more could I ask for?	1	1	Company I purchased from has been great answering my emails. The IPad has been absolutely terrific! The 64 GB is the best ever.....I would recommend anyone purchasing the IPad make sure they get enough space. I always here people complaining about not having enough space. And, the Retina upgrade is amazing! It feels like you can reach out and touch someone! LOVE IT!
RJ4B2I9E66X6N	3.0	Works well but wireless reception is more than pitiful	3	4	I have an iPhone4, Macbook Pro, and the latest iPad. The MacBook Pro has a pretty darned good wireless card. The iPhone 4 and the iPad are pretty ridiculous, and very disappointing. I would not have bought the iPad if I had known it was so poor. If they can't do any better, I think they will lose market share to competitors. Love my Apple devices, but you gotta be able to pick up a wireless signal!
R1CW67GENKWWFC	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	It's an apple. It's my fifth Ipad, whatelse can I say.
R3S38Q72GDMUJV	5.0	Best tablet so far!	1	1	This is the best tablet I have ever had so far. This is actually the first tablet I ever had and love it. It's strong and fast. The screen resolution is too good. It feels like the picture is alive. It suites all my needs, for school and home. I use it for gaming and school work. I just wish all the games were full hd. Other than that, we'll worth the money spent.
R9DRBCJPI4KRA	5.0	iPad	1	1	I had been wanting an iPad since it is smaller than a laptop and easier to take everywhere. I still use my laptop the most but once I get used to the iPad that will probably change. I do wish there had been an owners manual with it (paper version) and I'm sure there are a lot of things I could be doing with it that I don't know how. I will learn in time though.
R1QWN46P6R84H9	5.0	Can't live without it	1	1	If you're trying to decide between an iPad and a Kindle Fire .. I have both, the iPad is more versatile and you're not stuck with the carousel layout of the Fire. I'm not knocking the Fire it is awesome and perfect for Amazon Prime membership, but as far as versatility and ease of use, go iPad! This vendor shipped in a timely manner, well packaged. Happy buyer.
R2BOEAUMUC30KZ	4.0	Love this IPad!	5	7	Looks grate, and works magnificently! It is like all the other iPads out there, but more is added to it! Reason for the 4 out of 5 is that the iPad is very expensive, and will evidently need a case when purchased. It is very thin and light weight making it prone to drops. It is however the best tablet I have owned! The display is nice, Siri is very interesting, maps are nice, and the overall speed is great!
R28L4P23DTHOTB	5.0	Another perfection by apple	1	1	iPad is most elegant gadget I m having in my life so far. Apple is champion when it comes to user interface experience and iPad is no exception. Only small drawback I can see is that not all apps are yet designed to work on iPad though they work perfectly with iPhone. But that has no relation with quality of iPad itself and hence my rating goes as 5 star
R2V5YPS44OG5IR	5.0	Love the Retina Display!	1	1	I purchased this because of the clarity and the Retina display and I love Apple products. L2D2 delivered it timely and was packaged to protect the item. I'm enjoying it and was thrilled too that I was able to use my ThankYou Points through Amazon, lucky me!Apple iPad with Retina Display MD513LL/A (16GB, Wi-Fi, White) NEWEST VERSION
R673MV9WJPGSF	5.0	Buy it on Amazon!	1	1	Absolutely love my Apple ipad. I use it everyday to check work emails, send messages, read and entertain myself with apps and games. Amazon makes it so easy to shop and I didn't need to go to the crowded mall or get tempted into buying other products at the Apple store. The Retina display is extremely clear and has very vibrant color. Great purchase!
REIQSD5SM5MDO	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great purchase!
R2DS7VCD7U41DX	5.0	iPad 128 GB 4th Edition	1	1	As expected of Apple products, this iPad is functional for a variety of different needs. I chose to get this from Amazon because the 128 GB price for the previous incarnation of iPad is still cheaper than a 32 GB iPad Air. As an educator, this fits all my work needs and personal needs. A very useful tablet, mini computer, an Ereader all rolled in one. I liked my work iPad, and I love my personal iPad more. Recommended for those desiring more GB space without the iPad Air price.
R3KMXKUMQUXTBZ	5.0	I'm not an Apple person, but...	1	1	I have to say that I'm very happy with this purchase. I bought one for my fiancee' as well so that we can facetime from Afghanistan and the states. The cameras on these things are awesome and I'm quite impressed with just how nice the image is on the other side.
R2XFXFW4UGSO8I	5.0	Great tablet	1	1	Love everything about it. Have kindle tablets in the house. The ipad costs much more, but is superior in every way.
R3UBKD58FSNUNG	5.0	The best tablet	1	1	A lot of memory, fast, reliable and super display. Tons of apps and the most importan the e-magazines. If you have an Iphone this is the perfect companion for the apple ecosystem.
R1NWX7LQZS98Y0	5.0	I love my Ipad!	1	1	I received this earlier then expected. It arrived in perfect condition and I have had no problems with it. I do wish I would have waited a few weeks...then I could have purchased the iPad Air instead but I am still very happy with this purchase. First thing I did was purchase a protective cover for it to keep it looking new for years to come. Excellent customer service!
RFTDP5DT0N0E1	5.0	Nice Buy!	1	1	This outstanding iPad is a gift for my 84 year old father who just loves it. Easy to use and he can take it from room to room to use it in his own comfort. I recommend getting the iPad for Seniors or Dummies book to go along with it because it will help you tremendously.
R3JBV0DEGSTKNU	5.0	Recommend highly	1	1	This was the best purchase I have made. I love love love it. The price was absolutely perfect, I would recommend this to anyone.
RGO3P5AGHD9WH	5.0	Ipad	1	1	Love the ipad. Just like my phone. Hated the kindle. Different processor. It was fast but nothing I was used to
R34LZK3AIYGE1W	5.0	Every Other Tablet is just trying to be an iPad	1	1	I have owned almost every tablet made to date. I love technology & when a new gadget comes out I have to try it out. And when it comes to Tablets the Apple iPad is where it's at! Granted the iPad doesn't offer a lot of things that other tablet manufactures offer (i.e. card reader, expandable storage) but when you think about it, do you really need it? Apple allows you to purchase a app & you can install & uninstall as many times as you wish on 5 different devices in your home. I originally purchased the iPad 4 when it was first released. My two 4 year old daughters picked it up one day & was interacting with it like they went to college for computer science!! I couldn't believe my eyes. The iPad is that easy to use. Well as it turns out I ended up having to buy another one because they were having a hard time sharing the one iPad. :-) I would have purchased the new iPad Air but that would have started another argument. But now that I think about it I might have to purchase a third iPad cause now I'm the one waiting for a turn to use it. iPad air here I come!!
R16KE9JX9HGSAY	3.0	Timing	1	1	The ipad wasn't quite the way i expected, it seemed to be missing some memory space. I really got tired of waiting i shipped very late and arrived late which i really disliked, however the ipad was brand new as state and not damaged.
R2XA16NA4AKBCI	4.0	An amazing platform for browsing, media, and iOS apps!	1	1	I was slow to justify the cost of an iPad and despite being a long time fan of Macs, didn't really see the need for one. I found myself in a job where I am on very remote locations with quite a bit of downtime and finally decided that I could use one. I have been absolutely thrilled with this device. It is extremely stable, even with the new iOS 7 operating system. I am very happy that I chose the Retina model, because the screen is basically perfect. For everything from web browsing to watching Netflix, the quality of video and images is second to none. App performance on the iPad Retina is superb, and many of the iPad specific apps are simply mind-blowing, particularly some of the art apps like Sketchbook Pro and Procreate. I recently acquired an Adonit Jot 4, which is a pressure sensitive stylus that connects via Bluetooth, and it works like something out of the future. Just crazy good. For forum participation, writing Amazon reviews, etc., I prefer my laptop simply because I don't like typing on a touchscreen, but that's just my personal preference. I can get around on the touchscreen and if I really wanted a physical keyboard, there are several available. But that's not really what the iPad is all about. It's not there to replace your computer; it's a different type of device that excels at browsing and media consumption and is portable in a way that no laptop is. Though it takes a bit longer than I would like to take a full charge, the battery life is excellent, and I rarely find myself needing to charge when I am out and about. As a media consumption / web browsing device, the iPad Retina is ideal. The screen is so amazing that it is generally preferable to me over a larger computer or laptop screen for these purposes. I take a star off of my rating because USB connectivity would be REALLY helpful for those who would like to watch movies that they have stored on an external drive. There really is no reason that the iPad shouldn't have USB. I love my iPad, and it is so usable in this current configuration that I don't see myself having to replace it with the latest and greatest for many years.
R1IBRX2NXMG4VV	5.0	great product and useful to my daughter who can access information at her finger tips. the ipad has sufficient memory I recomm	1	1	I like apple products and my daughter appreciates it as a valuable tool I recommend this product to anyone who values time and efficiency
RZE6A6D807GBB	5.0	Great ipad.	1	1	This ipad rocks. Was sent brand new condition packaged in original box as advertised. Received it in speedy fashion. Thank you. I had one like it before but it only had 34 gb which ran out fast . So I now have lots of download room after buying the ipad 4 with 128 gb. I love it..
R9NOYSED7FHF	5.0	Really great iPad, holds all my MP4 videos	1	1	This is a really great iPad. I got it to replace my iPad original, the changes are huge. Normal to Retina display and 64GB to 128GB. I have a collection of iTunes movies, this hold's em!
R1GINT2M2769HR	5.0	Beautiful Display!	1	1	The picture is very vibrant and we can upload as many movies as we want. Great for long road trips!
RXNVG4R2WSK9A	5.0	Loved it	1	1	I was saving for sometime to get this item and now that I have it after this fast delivery and arriving as described, I'm very happy with it.
R3CIPMOI0HT4I6	5.0	iOS Changed My Life - Moved Over From Android!!	1	1	I must start by informing you that I have been an Android fan since smart phones started coming around main stream. And I will also say that as a smart phone user, I will likely never leave the Android market. When it comes to tablets though, Apple has this race won by a long shot. Most people against Apple products complain about not having widgets, or about being "stuck into one persons way of thinking" with Apple's designs. Not having the customization options and whatnot. I was originally the same way, first purchasing the Nook HD+, and then exchanging it for the Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 Inch. Both of these do not stand up to the iPad. The processor in this new iPad is SO fast, the games that would use that processing speed have not even been built yet. The screen resolution looks more amazing than some games on my 1080P screen when playing X360. This device has changed the way I work, and the way I live. I have a mobile hotspot on my phone now, so I have this powerful device ready to go anywhere I go. Processing my workload is a breeze since my workstation now goes with me in my bag. What is also great is that SO many apps link between both iOS and Android. So I can update a spreadsheet on my iPad, and review it later from my phone if needed. Skype is also wonderful, which has allowed me to connect with my father in ways that have not been possible for years due to the distance between us. There is no memory slot, so I purchased the 32GB. I do not download music or movies, so the space is only for apps, photos, etc. I am a heavy Netflix and Amazon Prime user, so I watch shows on this every day. There are also TONS of free games with incredible graphics for you to enjoy. All in all, this is easily one of the most profitable purchases and investments that I have ever made. I am now a huge Apple fan and I am extremely excited to watch their products develop. If you have ever considered going Apple, but thought against it because you are an Android lover, stop right here. Just make the purchase, and try it out for a week or so. If you hate it, return it, but I do not see that happening. This is my most recommended product to all friends and family that are interested in advanced progressive technology, or who want a simple and powerful device to use instead of a bulkier, slower, and less convenient computer/laptop.
R1J1EO65IFWR6N	5.0	Incredible Tablet - review from an Apple Hater	1	1	Ok, here's the deal, I'm not a big fan of Apple. I think that they use proprietary features and lock out very helpful items (like expansion cards and user-changeable batteries). In fact, the biggest reason that Apple Fanboys tout their products is that they are user-friendly - and I find that ridiculous - iTunes is one of the WORST software interfaces I've ever seen - it's incredibly difficult to get it to do what you want. And I've never been a fan of the iDevices either. Until today. My incredibly generous girlfriend got me an iPad for my Birthday, and I am truly blown away by its ease of use (for the most part - some settings are really buried, or in non-intuitive locations), its tight form factor, its unbelievable battery life, and it's unparalleled apps and games. After only a few weeks, I find that it is my go to device for checking email, social media, gaming, and gathering information. Even writing documents is easy because of Siri and it's impressive voice recognition. I still wish it had an SD card or expansion slot, but I really can't complain too much. It really is an incredible device.
R29H4D5IY6SQXA	5.0	Best iPad Yet!	1	1	Excellent tablet with a retina display screen! The larger memory and faster speed are worth the upgrade. Very highly recommended!
R1KL4634FYTSWZ	5.0	128gb Ipad	1	1	My wife loves her Ipad and this one has enough storage for her to do anything. This one replaces a 16gb pad and I received great service from Amazon. Thanks Al
R1YHYG1MGS1BTK	5.0	Love it	1	1	You get an IPAD 4 for the price of an IPAD 3 with this Retna upgrade....I bought this with 128GB..... 3 year SquareTrade full (DROP/SPILL ON IT THEY REPAIR IT warrenty) for less then the AppleCare price with does not include D/S warrenty....so well worth the price....
R18J41BR0HZ4LJ	5.0	Great to FaceTime grandchildren!	1	1	I love it, I bought it to FaceTime my grandchildren, my old iPad didn't have the camera, it is very similar to my old one, but the graphics are better
R2C3SVUIGIT7VZ	5.0	This is great	1	1	I got my dad an iPad because I use mine to preach with, and I knwe that if he would use it that he would fall in love with it. I am on my second iPad and this is his first one. Yes so far he loves it but still has not used it to preach with, but will be doing this soon. It was great the iPad will do anything a computer will do, and so much more.
R2Z8QR2NSUCMQB	5.0	New ipad	1	1	I love my new iPad! Never owned one before and was skeptical in buying one. There doesn't seem to be a lot of information out there on what exactly you can do with an iPad, but I decided to buy it anyway and I am not disappointed. There are many wonderful free apps available and am very happy about that. So far so good am happy with my purchase!
R1B7Y8E1BEX9R5	4.0	iPad 4 replacing Kindle Fire	1	1	I am still in the learning curve but I think I will love it. The Kindle Fire had been adequate until I lost Wi-Fi access at a place where I spend a lot of time. I needed to be able to buy my own data time, which this iPad does. I have had some trouble finding some apps I want in the App store, even though I know they exist (my friend has them)..
R31ZIKEN1487Q	5.0	I Pad With Retina display or IPad 4	1	1	What a great Toy/instrument of technology. I gave it to my wife as a gift and she hasn't put it down ,Went out a bought " the IPad for seniors " book, She really loves this thing ,I think I have created a monster . To give something that gives so much joy is such a rewarding feeling .Thanks everyone for letting me make her happy..Bob R.
R3RBAZJ1UTYA48	5.0	Purchased this reconditioned iPad but not sure if it's an actually previously used.	1	1	I had a iPad 1 and needed to upgrade because many of the current apps are being written for IOS 7. I expected an iPad having minor scratches or slight indications of wear, especially on the back metal case. The iPad arrived in a fully packaged retail package and I'm hard pressed to find any wear. After using several months, still very pleased.
R3JEW3ZWTU4SDP	5.0	Better than expected.	1	1	I ordered this item assuming it would come in less than par condition. I was wrong. Even though the description said "used", it was much better. There wasn't a single scratch nor dent on the screen or outer casing. Although, the shipping took a week and I half I realize that is out of the sellers control. 10/10 would buy from again.
R2Q03HC2KJZ3H8	5.0	Brilliant display and speed.	1	1	This product is absolutely great. The display is the best I've ever seen, and the speed is faster than my desktop computer. The only thing I was not happy with is the PRICE. However, sometimes you have to pay for advanced quality, and I still think it was worth the expense. My wife is thrilled with her iPad and not found a hiccup yet.
R32QVPPUODTJ26	4.0	Good product, closed system.	1	1	While the Apple ipad is generally a quality product, with a clear picture, quick response and straight forward apps, you are somewhat limited by what's available for Apple. Business applications are especially limited as opposed to what's available for other systems. If Apple were a little more open, the ipad would be a 5 star tablet.
R5R8KLSQHR09T	5.0	Apple iPad	1	1	Love it! It was a Christmas gift from my husband. I really wanted the iPad Air but at least a hundred more, so this is fine for me. I have a kindle fire but mostly use that for reading. I downloaded the kindle app so if one is charging, I can read from the other. I also prefer going on line with the iPad, it's larger and faster.
R2ICQPAI5HD48X	5.0	Apple iPad	1	1	Apple iPad I love it .The pad holds a terrific 10 hour charge and it does not take long to charge it. I let it run completely down once a month. My great grand son who is almost 4 really enjoys so many of the learning apts, a lot of which are free. I am computer ignorant and I had very little trouble learning to work this pad.
R181TJ6UVTLQ8V	5.0	Fun	1	1	Bought it for travel, still learning how to use it. Don't like doing Facebook or gmail on it as well as my desk top, but have a vacation in May and will be forced to use it. Takes great pictures and vidoes. I am not an electronic fan and I bought it because my son and law said I needed it not a cheap travel tablet. So far so good,
RVWRYV8M9XSC8	5.0	Like it better then the Ipad air	3	4	Bought my wife the ipad air and was gonna get myself one but ordered the ipad 4 instead to save some money. Besides being heavier, I just like it better, don't ask me why. It's just feels so much more natural and I'm glad I bought it. If your torn between the Air and this one and a lil extra weight wont bother you. This is a much much better value
R27CLYL4YRTD43	5.0	Love this particular model!	1	1	I got the AT&T iPad for the sim card compatibility. When it came, I took out the sim card and put in a T-Mobile version, so I could take advantage of the 200 free mb per month. This version is a GREAT model. Although a little hefty compared to the newer tablets, it's great for speed and definition. The wife loves it.
R1RLP1BYP1YDKY	4.0	If I use that cord I get a message on the IPAD screen stating something like it may not be compatible	1	1	The item stated it was new, not refurbished but the power cord I received with it didn't appear to be the original cord. If I use that cord I get a message on the IPAD screen stating something like it may not be compatible. Other than that, the IPAD is as I expected and was a nice update from my older version IPAD.
R2N4GXQZYK9Z44	3.0	Storage incorrect	1	1	I have heard that Apple has mislead their customers about the memory capacity on their products. This product is no different. It says 16GB but the operating system used up over 4.5 of that 16 GB memory. Apple needs to make this right with their loyal customers. They should sell the 32GB unit for the price of the 16GB unit.
R29MAPM6QNK95H	1.0	False Information	1	1	This iPad was sold as a Verizon model however when I brought it into Verizon they told me it was not showing up on their system. I took it to an AT&T and they told me it was actually one of their iPads. I'm a Verizon customer so this was a huge inconvenience, being a Verizon model was the reason I purchased this iPad.
R1R6MEBWJCU1SJ	5.0	great product	1	1	very happy with the ipad, this is an upgrade from Ipad 1 for Me, the only dislike with the order was the shipping, smartpost only adds another day to shipping, and it takes 3 days before anything shows on tracking. I guess if you pick free shipping, your order gets put on the bottom of pile for picking and shipping.
R1K39U9D90KLC4	5.0	LOVE THIS IPAD.....	1	1	My first experience with an Ipad/Notebook and I wish I had purchased it sooner. They are very expensive, but you get what you pay for. I chose the 4th Gen because I was not sure if I wanted to spend the extra dollars for an Air which didn't seem like much of a weight difference. I highly recommend this product.
ROY058C5D9DP8	5.0	Awesome	1	1	I love this tablet! I chose to purchase the wifi iPad as I use it primarily from home and was not too thrilled with paying AT&T even more money :). It has worked out perfectly, as most places have free wifi anyway. I also purchased an air printer for my iPad so I rarely need may lap top. Highly recommend.
R20A2109IVS676	5.0	You can not find a better tablet	1	1	The IPad still maintains its rank as the best tablet available. I have searched for comparable android tablets, but no one has taken it to the level Apple has. The battery life, countless apps games and things you never knew you needed, including the fabulous retina display make the iPad number one.
R1N87O1QP2LZXV	5.0	Very satisfied with my purchase	1	1	Very satisfied with this purchase. It came in a well-protected packaging, and there wasn't a mark on it--it looked like I had walked into apple and bought it brand new. I did have to restore it so I could enter my information and apple ID, but that was no big deal at all. Love it! Glad I bought it!
R3Q0EAPBBGS0AB	2.0	Sound trouble	1	1	Since my purchase the sound continue to disappear. What's strange is that my daughter purchase it from apple and she has no problem. Maybe that's what I should have done. You just never know what your getting when you go through a third party. My purchase of this iPad has only given me problems.
R1QC7HFZIQ98TG	5.0	Excellent device....highly recommended	1	1	Great investment. Received a lovely, almost new iPad that excellently performs. Everything works....everything iCloud and all. The battery is fantastic and even after sitting down with it for over two hours...the battery is still 97%. Amazon Warehouse deals are real and deliver quality items.
RWAL85B9ZUUQD	5.0	My doughter love it!	1	1	I have a great deal, Device was unopened, brand new. in perfect conditions, works very well, graphics are crystal clear, the sound and view on the movies are awesome. My doughtier really love it. I'm thinking to get one my self. I will highly recommend this product
RBEEQJJ3Z9QTN	4.0	apple ipad	1	1	although is was "used" it arrived in "new" condition. My wife and I are older than a lot of your users and were at first intimidated by it, but gradually we learned a lot about it and continue to be amazed by the various features that we learn about each time we use it.
R2SKTS93SQZHDT	1.0	It worked good for two weeks and then just shut down	1	1	The screen completely went black. Took it to several computer geeks to check it out and they did not know why it was doing that. Have not used it in six weeks. It worked good for two weeks and then just shut down. Would like to be able to return it. $532 down the drain!
RXQL2O9D20QK4	5.0	At last I got an iPad 4th Generation!	1	1	I was using a Barnes & Noble Nook Color as my tablet. What a difference! I absolutely love my new iPad. I wish Apple would put Adobe Flash on their units but we'll manage for now. Also, Apple provides a free version of many apps so you don't have to pay to try something.
RHWETJ9BEZELS	1.0	Camera didn't work out of the box	1	1	This came to us with one of the camera's not working. Luckily Apple store was willing to swap it out for a brand new iPad (128G iPad Air 2). Not sure if this seller is selling iPad with known defects or not but this one worked fine until we tried to get the camera working.
R3ASDH7DQSSMOY	5.0	My wife's IPAD, but I occassionally get to use too.	1	1	I bought this for my wife for christmas, so really it's her IPAD. However, occassionally I do get to use it. I like Apple products, although they can be a little pricey compare to other similar products with other companies. But I find that Apple products are well made.
RB3GBUKXYDUNI	4.0	It worked great right out of the box	1	1	This Ipad came all wrapped and new. It worked great right out of the box. What I love is the large screen for pictures and picture based apps. I use it to Skype, use apps, read, and watch video. It has good quality video and is so easy to use for me, an IPhone person.
R2EON984L2VYKS	5.0	Great Ipad...good for any ages	1	1	I purchased this as a gift for my grandmother as hers was getting old and outdated so this was an upgrade for her and she loves it and hasn't had any issues at all with it, she loves it and it's very up to date and fast...best Ipad I've interacted with...would buy again!
R2XKLP0B55PYR3	4.0	I recommend this iPad to anyone.	1	1	I like this iPad. It's easy to use....still learning about it, though. I am having difficulty with watching videos...they uploaded faster when I first got the iPad, but now are taking a very long time and some never stop buffering. I suspect it's not the iPad, though.
R1BQ3YW5TMRMIQ	5.0	Awesome apple	1	1	Apple makes a great product we have several ipads and they are the future for sure. The apps are great and everything is easy to access. We started as laptop fans but it now never gets used. The ipad is just simple, fast, and easy operation. Highly recomend ipad ....
R3OM20ITDZ4QR0	5.0	How do people live without an Ipad	1	1	This is the single greatest tech gadget we own. It's everything you'd ever want in one device and so simple to operate thanks to apple technology. I recommend springing for the extra GB though as if you like to load it with movies for the kiddo, it can fill up fast.
R28P0TMRAJW8Q4	5.0	FIVE STAR ITEM	3	4	I was debating whether to get this or the Surface by Microsoft and chose the iPad. I'm elated with the product and would recommend it to all. You won't be disappointed! The only complaint is that it won't allow you to play games and videos on FB. That gets a thumbs down!
R27A8CSY6ACOM6	5.0	Ipad With Retina Rocks!!!!!!!!!	1	1	I have to say I love this Ipad I was going to get a mini for for the same price so my Buddy said get Ipad and I did I like the screen way bigger than the Ipad mini I know there is not much more to say I never own one and always wanted one and very happy with it...
R1CNT3Y9BRS9LA	1.0	Think a lot before buying this ipad	1	1	There is a hardware problem with the wifi, you can not be connected to the wireless unless your iPad is very close to the router.l have tried it in different places but it had the same problem. Also as I read in the Web this issue is abroad with this kind of ipad
R3LBKSVR3QEHH7	5.0	iPad is great, charger was defective	1	1	iPad was great but the end of the cable that fit into the iPad to charge it had literally been crushed. There was nothing to fit into the iPad for charging. I had to go out and buy a new cable. And, yes the box was sealed and wrapped with the ruined cable in it.
R1I2INE00JSHNF	5.0	It's an iPad	1	1	I own an android phone and now the iPad. I will say there are a few features on my android I miss terribly on the iPad, like the swipe feature. Other than that, the tablet is fast and reliable. The entire family is enjoying it for various functions.
R2SEWZ8U3Z8E37	4.0	Do NOT buy from iPadShop	3	4	iPad Retina display is great but do NOT buy from iPadShop. Advertised as new but you actually get a refurbished one with expired or almost expired warranty. If you have already bought one from iPadShop, make sure to check its warranty with your device Serial Number.
R3CQCFXUT7O2R7	5.0	I am 80 year senior and while not completely easy to. Master	1	1	I am 80 year senior and while not completely easy to. Master, it is definitely not impossible to learn. I have had it for 2 weeks and enjoying every minute. Also, the Apple support team is just fantastic. Would highly recommend this product to all seniors.
R1N22L3AJ9LRA3	5.0	I love this iPad But...	1	1	I love this iPad, but this bad boy has some weight on it. When holding it for a short period of time, I have to put down and rest my hands.. Other than that, what's not to love? It's a great tablet. It's fast, colorful, capable and fun. I enjoy it very much!
R292T4QWA51279	5.0	love my i-pad	1	1	this is my first tablet and i and i love it! the picture is so unbelievably clear! now i don't have to be a prisoner to what my husband wants to watch on tv. he can watch what he wants on tv and i can sit next to him and watch what i want to on my i-pad.
R75RND1N2IJVQ	5.0	Awesome.	1	1	Retina screen. Crisp display of images. Magnificent design. More apps that one can use in a lifetime. Worth every penny. Perfect for mail, video watching, photo viewing, music. Alternative to text books comic books and novels. this one rocks.
R3DWQGFEW2AC8N	5.0	Try it you'll love it.	1	1	Best thing since sliced bread! I have been involved in computer type machines since 1995, and found this device amazing. \I can read my books, as well as keep up to date on all the other stuff I did on the lap top and desk top. It works like a charm.
RNB0UYQVU8VAU	5.0	High Fives to my POS!	1	1	Initially not happy having to upgrade to the iPad G4 gen, loved my 1st gen and did exactly what I needed. However, moving to iPad POS for my shop, I am thrilled to have purchased this generation and my son lucked out too... he inherited the older one.
R3ETA999OEK88B	5.0	I love my iPad so much	0	0	I love my iPad so much! It's just fantastic! Works perfectly, set up was a breeze, no issues whatsoever with it! I bought this as manufacturer refurbished but I'm not sure there was ever anything wrong with it considering it came to me in a pristine package with the plastic still wrapped on it with no marking indicating it had been opened previously. All the accessories were there, it was brand new, in my opinion. Super fast and responsive, the touch screen is great, really easy to use with my AmazonBasics stylus, I don't have to press down hard to get it to recognize the style and move. It's actually pretty easy to write with my fingers on it. I use it for class to take notes and also work for research and just to goof off. The battery lasts a really long time, I use it pretty heavily and it'll make it the whole day no problem, I just charge it at night. The screen is really bright and clear, love the camera (it takes fantastic pictures and video)! I bought the one without cell service but since most of my friends have iPhones i can still text and Facetime my friends, which is really cool! It's like having two iPhones, except better! I have Microsoft Office 365 so I also use Microsoft Word, Excel, and Powerpoint on my iPad for projects and they work great on it. I wish I had gone with one with more memory though so I could load more programs on it but eh, not a huge deal to me considering the amount of apps I have on it as well as the number of files I carry on it (I do a lot of research for work so it has a lot of documents and PDFs stored on it). The selection of apps available is fantastic, I have yet to be able to not find an app for something I need. Powers on and off easily, I haven't had any weird glitches or issues with it, works perfectly since the day I bought it. My only regret is that I didn't buy an iPad sooner. It has made my life so much easier!
R21FMPKV082PEI	5.0	iPad 4th Generation Review	0	0	I love this new iPad, it is quick, seamless, and the retina display is wonderful! When I first heard about the Retina display, I was sort of shocked by it and a bit doubtful. I thought there was no way that they can make the display any better... but I was wrong, it looks better than any still photo! It looks more real, realer. It is absolutely amazing. I got the 16GB Wifi only and have not had a problem with it once. I did get this one since I was not interested in the iPad Air that they had coming out, and I already had a 7 inch Kindle, so I was not interested in the iPad mini that was already on sale. I do not regret this purchase at all, everything on it works wonderfully, I got a Fintie case for it that rotates which is wonderful, and I must say that this iPad is the only thing in the world that is as close to perfect as anything or anyone can get. Pictures look wonderful, games look fantastic, and The Cloud works very well on this device. There is no set up time, just enter your email and password (or make an account) and that is it you are ready to use/share on The Cloud. I have to say now after experiencing Apple and their products, I now will be purchasing all their products (the products that I need) so they can all work together and accommodate one another. Right now I have an iMac and iPad and they work wonderfully together. Syncing my PC takes a bit more time, but it does indeed work. Although it is not as quick or seamless as my Apple products syncing with each other, but of course they are using the same iOS, etc. so that is understandable. This device is a masterpiece, best little computer there is, and is a absolute pleasure to have. 5 stars all the way!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
R15PSIFPLVQN71	5.0	i pad	1	1	i have bought is i pad and it was amazing, but i have returned this product back because i placed wrong order instead of 4g i ordered a normal one, but the supplier was good and they have returned me back all my money. thanks once again to amazon.
R2DOL5W2KM6Z4V	5.0	I'm no early adopter. This is a good generational jump from iPad 1 to iPad 4	2	3	I have had an iPad 1 for about 2 years. With the apps that I use through the Apple store, I have gotten more than enough use out of it. The iPad 2 was not enough of a generational jump without upgraded graphics, and the iPad 3 wasn't enough because of the resolution of the camera. However, this model is truly a wonder and it will be with me until iPad 8 comes out, I suppose. The integrated camera has excellent resolution, as does the video. The processor is perceivable faster for graphics intensive games such as those by Gameloft, EA Sports and the like. Sound seems to have improved, as well. Although the latest rendition uses a different port from the predecessors, it's easier to use since either orientation will work. It does essentially make my accessories, though, obsolete. That means a new speaker dock, car charger and whatever else I may need. However, I have become accustomed to using Bluetooth peripherals making connectivity more seamless. Operation is pretty much identical, and then there's Siri. I find limited use for Siri since I have a Wifi-only iPad. I can type faster than hold the Home button to talk, and voice recognition is ok. Not great. I can touch type must faster than Siri can understand me and react. However, I'll give it more time. The housing is as small as iPad 2 and 3. Battery life is essentially the same since Bluetooth and Wifi are always on with a 75% brightness. The volume control is responsive. Since I have over 1200 apps, I'm pretty much stuff with Apple. That is the main reason I haven't considered other operating systems, apart from the Kindle Fire. Overall, I'm pleased. If you don't have an iPad, this is finally the one. If you're waiting to upgrade from iPad 1 or 2, then it's a no-brainer. iPad 3 is certainly not that much behind. Intuitively, I prefer to have a jump in processing, graphics, sound and resolution before I plan to update, again. I love this device. Two thumbs up. Update: I decided to jump up in memory to the 128 GB version. Music, movies and applications take up a lot of memory. Aside from the jump in memory, there are no discernible changes in operation or battery life.
RAO965D88BW0D	5.0	Came on time	1	1	I ordered a white I pad but after a few days they told me they were sold out of the white and asked I wanted a refund or a black one. I said the black would be ok. I wasn't expecting to receive my iPad today but it came via ups. Very satisfied.
RE5O993R50ADB	5.0	Apple iPad with Retina display	1	1	I love it. It's nice and fast and holds a lot of information. I'm still adding stuff but have transferred my Nook books and that took no time at all. Still adding features. Camera is GREAT and picture quality is so clear and color so vivid.
R2BW4KYGQYMLBT	5.0	Amazing	1	1	Where I am from, it was back ordered for too long, and I got a nice deal from here. I have tried the iPad 2 and 3, and there is not much difference between the 3 and this one, except that it runs cooler, and wifi seems to give less problems.
R2XO8WX99OBCHF	5.0	Perfect	1	1	I love my new iPad. I have had it a few months now and am still learning all the things It/I can do. I was a little apprehensive at first about ordering this on line in stead of the store. It came in perfect condition and arrived early.
RFVTYGI2FUJT3	5.0	but I am happy to say she has moved into the 21st century ...	1	1	This was a gift for my mom who does photography and art work. She is older and struggled with technology, but I am happy to say she has moved into the 21st century because she uses her iPad so often. The screen is bright and easy to read.
R16YEHNB7VWH00	5.0	You can't beat the Ipad	1	1	You can't beat the Ipad. Very useful tool. I bought it along with a keyboard/protective case from NewTrent and it works almost as a netbook. I use it in my workplace everyday. It is powerful, with a great display and a long lasting battery
R1OMK9JDU3RSUP	5.0	It's an iPad!	1	1	This is my second iPad. Love the improvements; the crystal-clear screen, the camera and the upgraded speed. I've had a Kindle Fire and a Nook -- and there are dozens of other tablets available -- but NOTHING compares to an iPad. Period.
R1HQ9FFMKUOCBU	4.0	Great picture and long battery life	1	1	My first ipad, Still getting use to it and all it can do. Had a few problems with the signing in with the my Apple I.D. I don't know if I'm doing something wrong or the ipad. Not a big deal to correct. Great picture and long battery life.
R2FCWC6Q02HOJK	1.0	Great for 4 months...Now, it doesn't charge.	1	1	Product purchased 20 Dec 14 as a gift. Great product until 10 Apr 15 (120 days later), when it would no longer recharge. No warranty from Amazon nor Apple due to used status. Would appreciate some help from Amazon, if able, here.
R3MH1NIJOTXT1W	5.0	Got it, Love it!	1	1	Got this for my daughter, and she lugs it around everywhere she goes, and likes to buy cute cases and dust plugs for it. It seems a little mystifying to operate to me, compared to the Kindle Fire, which I use, but she does love it.
RDLKBH6G3X4ZA	5.0	New IPad	1	1	These are wonderful! So much easier to use than a laptop computer! They are lighter and just easier to use almost like using a smartphone! And they now have a lighter one than this one! Thanks so much for making these! Love it!
R2RORKQBUTZ1D9	1.0	I like the looks	1	1	My husband gave the ipad to me as a gift. My address is mlc48b@gmail.com. I like the looks; sleek, light weight and the display is very good. One thing I really need is a user guide. I haven't been able to get it set up.
R1CGKV16WZDVD2	4.0	An upgrade the whole family loves	1	1	Came perfectly packaged and before the allotted shipping time. We upgraded from blue 2nd generation, and couldn't be happier. We also upgraded the amount of gigs. It makes a difference with two small children. Amazon rocks.
R3HLMFYAR6PDPA	5.0	This was reconditioned.	1	1	I got this. Because I like to FaceTime with my grandsons and the IPod is just too small. But I use it all the time now. Was a typing teacher, so have trouble using on screen keyboad, but kept my baby Acer for lost of thT.
RAJ82RQL51TF9	5.0	You Don't Need a Laptop	1	1	I carry my iPad everywhere. It's everything my laptop was without the extra weight. It's my newspaper, photo album, game center, communication tool--everything but my phone (but with Facetime--it's better than my phone).
RIF0XEK1TF565	4.0	Gift for Wife	1	1	My wife had seen an iPad and, being a painter, liked the graphics apps that were available for it, so since it was her birthday... She loves it and now does everything on it... email, graphics, etc. Well worth the money.
R1OKPIAH6A5MGY	5.0	ipad review	1	1	Loved it.. had To return only because we needed wi-fi + Verizon. Loaded it up with games already purchased and other personal info but very easy ti remove all data before returning. Will definately purchase another ipad!
R4LY7R4Z6XYNU	5.0	My wife is really loving this tablet. I had ...	1	1	My wife is really loving this tablet. I had to get a powered USB Hub so it could use external hard drives. The only downer is that you can't use a Bluetooth mouse with it; however, the Bluetooth keyboard works flawlessly.
R2HH65DKVJHEEY	5.0	Excellent	1	1	It arrived really fast, even before the expected arrival date. The only problem I had is they would not ship to Alaska. It was a gift for my daughter and she lives in Alaska. We had to mail it there after it came here.
R1J4VSKKKK6N3E	5.0	LOVE IT!!!!	1	1	I waited for a long time before I got an iPad. I prefer the larger over the mini. It's much easier to use the keyboard. I am having a blast with this. I have no technological jargon to fill you in on. It's just pure fun!
R14UME9Y7T6CWO	5.0	Third iPad, Love it!	1	1	This is my third iPad and it has been great. I passed on my other iPads to my kids and bought this unit for myself. Outstanding visuals, the retina display is amazing. The iTunes store is still the best for apps.
R1CL7Z530CRJXY	5.0	It looks great, runs fast	1	1	It looks great, runs fast, and has more than enough memory for all the apps I use on it. This could be a years-long keeper since I prefer the bigger side bezels than the iPad Air since my thumbs don't cover the screen.
R1UWEZM6YH7W4N	5.0	Great product, nice packing fast deliver	1	1	Product came great shape. Soo fast! Love it, I change to Samsung tab for while couldn't stand it. Love to be back :). Got it when it was 625 $ cheaper than order from the apple store :) since tax in here is soo high :(
R3C92C4V0LQXTP	4.0	It is good looking, powerful and easy to use much like ...	1	1	My wife .is enjoying her IPad. It is good looking, powerful and easy to use much like her IPhone. However, it recently froze up Hopefully this wasra one time occurance and not a future problem we have to deal with.
RDQ26S4WUF6B5	5.0	A real problem solver	1	1	I bought this for a laptop (PC) user that I had to keep assisting with various web and application issues. For general web surfing, gaming, email browsing, this really fit the bill and made life much easier for me.
R3IET2124VXXPO	5.0	Excellent product	3	4	After a terrible experience with another seller, I was quite pleased with this iPad. It came just as expected and worked wonderfully!! The 3G turned on at AG&T with no problem and the Retina Display is excellent!
R2C9WD4XIG4X30	5.0	won't charge	1	1	Got this iPad 1year ago it worked good up till now it won't charge I did all that was told to do n still nothing what a waste of my money I won't spend more money just so apple can make more money from me no thanks
R34IY4NKHNFBE6	5.0	Apple iPad	1	1	Very pleasedvwith its functionality.This was a gift for my twin brother who is mentakky handicapped. I was able to download appropriate games for him to play. Also teaching him to use facetime. He loves the iPad.
R3OVO7RQ4M91R0	2.0	it's basically an iphone without the phone, not a real computer.	10	15	I bought into the hype, the ipad hype. Calling it a "tablet pc" suggests that it is some sort of a real computer but it's not. The internet you get with this device is the same, incomplete internet you get with your smart phone. The first "bummer" was when i went to my favorite online gaming site armorgames.com and found out that i couldn't play any of the games because they run on flash player and apple doesn't support it. so, i went on google to find out how to get flash to work on my ipad. the eventual answer that i got was that i can't; at least not a flash player that actually works well. then, i realized that many, many other ipad users desperately want flash to work on their ipad; almost as if ipad users envy those who have flash on their device. i asked myself, why did i pay nearly $600 for a computer to replace my netbook that doesn't do nearly what the netbook does? aside from the ipad looking and feeling really "new-age" in my hands, i realized that what i was holding is just a big iphone without the "phone" part. what i "really" craved was something new and "more" functional than the netbook that i currently have. i returned the ipad and bought a sleek, powerful ultrabook that has a 15" screen for about $600. Update: I returned the ultrabook also and got a laptop. The Vizio ultrabook turned out to be a lemon just like their tv's. I like having a real, functioning computer.
R2BYJLWS520LHN	5.0	Happy happy happy	1	1	We bought this for Grandma see love this she has a kindle, We never thought we would keep that out of her hands. Well she's keeping the Kindle but the I-pad is so beautiful to look at and very easy to use.
RLXGOEYDHLOUC	5.0	New iPad User	1	1	I never thought I could be "hooked" so quickly. The ease of retrieving email, sending messages, ordering books for my Kindle, searching for info from wherever I happen to be has been so much fun.
R3IKBNQGF58UZ9	5.0	My users love them...	1	1	I have several users that I purchased the new iPad for, and they absolutely love them. The devices were easy to order and they were delivered on time. I got them up and running in a very short time!!!
R2WQYWCT1BXMX6	5.0	Good product, got on sale for around 500 back ...	1	1	Good product, got on sale for around 500 back in Sept 2014, only concern is battery could last longer. Otherwise like and use often. Great screen, picture quality good focus software could be improved.
R3I3MQD4X30WYA	5.0	IPad	1	1	Love my new iPad. took a bit of getting use to, as I am a PC Windows user. when I found the user guide, it was a piece of cake after that. It is lightning fast. wouldn't give it up for anything.
R1F9E470QXWE1	5.0	Best purchase ever	1	1	Can't say enough about my new I pad did not realize what I could do with it , I find myself using all the time problem is I can't put it down getting some grief from my wife but I will deal with it
R17C6ASVD63VQ0	5.0	Best Tablet	0	0	We have a fleet of devices, tablets included. The kids need the iPad for school. My husband bought me the new iPad 4, 4th generation with the fastest chip. We have the other brands of tablets in our home too for all of the kids as well as for the 3 of us, my elderly aunt included, so you can choose almost any brand of tablet or device to use. The iPad 4, the only one that is the 4th generation is in constant demand over all of the others, iPads except for the iPad mini, the others, Samsung is the least popular, the Nexus they will use and there is another brand I won't name. LOL The iPad 4 is so fast, remarkably so, the Retina Display is simply picture perfect, the colors do not overwhelm like other brands to with their overly saturated colors. The wifi has the best connection I've had on a mobile device. The App Store makes it even nicer with the wealth of full sized tablet Apps, not stretched out phone apps, along with the ability to watch your movies, listen to your music and use 3rd party apps to access all of your Amazon content. It has Netflix, the Kindle App, Video App from Amazon, so much. I can't find anything to complain about and I don't have anything that I can't find on here to use for fun or for work. It's an A++++++choice for us and the best out there at this time I feel Oh Itunes U is a phenomenal addition to any iPad
R2T3Q243D03O1Z	5.0	Love it	1	1	Got this for my wife... here is her review: What can I say, it's awesome! Love the high def resolution! Great for for home videos and pictures. I love iMovie. So much fun! Highly recommend.
R2K852EALQYE0C	5.0	This iPad is perfect for my needs	1	1	This iPad is perfect for my needs. Pairs well with my other devices. The only downside was that it's heavier than expected. I love the convenience. As always shopping was a breeze with Amazon.
R2Z9JP9LKS07HO	5.0	Awesome	1	1	I love this iPad, the battery last a long time and the wifi is super fast. I would recommend this to others. it is very sharp too and the camera works great. The sound quality is great too.
RO6N0WVBDHS98	5.0	excelente	1	1	Justo a tiempo y totalmente nuevo!!!!!!!!!!!!! Recomendado Empresa muy seria, sin ningn tipo de complicacin. El producto tal como lo describen. Mi ipad 4 excelente!!!!!!
RSEZ8R2WHULJQ	5.0	Great condition, extra case and chord	1	1	I received my iPad just as expected. Great condition, extra case and chord! I thought it was too slow to charge but the stellar helped me out, it charged up and is working great. Love it!
RZ1W3Q0W2H8M7	5.0	Love the retina display	1	1	I looked at a lot of Tablets but I decided to spend more and get the best. The retina display is worth the extra money. The Ipad is easy to use and not a lot of learning required to use it.
R2F8PQE89G122V	5.0	Great Product with a Wonderful Fast Seller!!	0	0	I originally ordered an older version with less features for a few dollars less. When I received a noticed it wouldn't be shipped till nearly two weeks after I needed it for my husbands birthday, I didn't realize how LUCKY I was. Called Amazon Customer Service to cancel the order and why, they were quick, professional and handled my cancellation promptly. I then started looking at other iPad's and was surprised to find for a few dollars more I could buy a newer version with a lot better and features. I quickly ordered the iPad Monday just before 6PM eastern time and received the iPad in original box, factory sealed, brand new with all needed parts to begin using it once I charged the battery. The AMAZING part besides the awesome iPad was I received it just after 3PM eastern time TWO DAYS after I ordered it without paying for expedited shipping. I was so excited I gave it to him that night with the other two items and he was so happy with his truly awesome gift. I'm so happy with this seller I'm going to buy myself one like it even though my current iPad 2nd generation is in excellent shape and has been my go-to everyday since I bought it 3 years and 1 month ago. I know I can pass along my iPad to another family member and they'll be happy with it, but it's worth the improved features to me to upgrade.
R3ORHOS9067J8S	5.0	So far, so good!!!...CORRECTION!!!	0	0	This is my second iPad in less than two years. The first one, nine days after the warranty ran out, it crapped out!!! Thankfully I had bought an extended warranty through a third-party company. I sent the iPad to them three times to be fixed. The fourth time, they refunded my money. I was most certain that I was going to buy another type of tablet and it wasn't going to be an iPad. I did the research and decided, for the money, I was going to buy another iPad simply because I have a Mac desktop and I wanted them to be compatible with each other. So I purchased another iPad and I've had it for less than a week and so far I am very happy, thankfully!!! UPDATE: Here it is 13-14 months later and guess what? Same problems as before! Disappointment is an understatement!!! Just FYI, be sure to buy an extended warranty from Square Trade. They are excellent!! They are giving me a FULL cost paid refund a year after I bought the iPad. They didn't do that the first time around, but maybe because I have been through this before is why they are giving me a total refund, I have no idea. But I will never buy anything without an extended warranty from Square Trade! Well worth it!!! PS Putting the refund toward a new desktop iMac. I have had this one for 6 years and it's fading. Love Apple, just not the iPad!
RUHZQTSM7VZNH	5.0	great improvement	1	1	the ipad 4 is an excellent tablet because. it has great battery life that lastest up to 10 hours or more, screen quality with very clear picture, and good sound thats clear and unmuffled.
R3JPZW4QAIAK6T	5.0	Fantastic	1	1	I continue to be amazed. I did have an ASUS Transformer Prime TF201. Apple is clearly a better tablet. It is so smooth and well designed. I now plan to purchase my next phone from Apple.
R1W5Y4Z9WZGJWK	4.0	Apple Rocks	1	1	I wasn't sure who I was ordering from but the shipping was fast, the product is mint, and apple by far is the best tablet. Nobody compares. That's why I have two! - HughesitOrLoseIt.com?
R1S9RT13IPD5UE	5.0	all the reviews said it came was just as the description and was great. it was	1	1	I wasn't worried about buying this product on amazon. all the reviews said it came was just as the description and was great. it was! came on time and in perfect condition. i'm in love.
R7H33Y3ZIZYZA	4.0	It's pretty user friend and is easy to learn to use ...	1	1	It's pretty user friend and is easy to learn to use but it takes a very long time to recharge it. It takes 24hours or longer to fully recharge the unit, if the unit is fully discharged.
R2OLX1KENAP4MQ	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Blows My I pad 1 away! =O)
R2KFYROPOX2GXA	3.0	It was nice while it lasted.	0	0	Well, it WAS great. I got mine new in December 2012. It died on September 6, 2014. Out of warranty, naturally. The "Genius" told me that the screen's bad and they can't fix it, yada yada wraparound screen, can't get in, yada yada. They'll gladly give me a new one for only $299.99 though. With a 90 day warranty. Yeah....no. Not happening. I'm upset that I paid $540 for this and it's DOA in less than two years...I'm also upset that I was nearly halfway through an iBook that I bought and now can't read because I don't have a compatible iOS device. If I'm going to spend another $300+, I'm getting a Galaxy Tab S 8.4, which at least has an SD slot and *not* a proprietary Lightning cable. Here's the kicker...when you buy a non-Apple accessory, there's a good chance your device will tell you it's not legit and then disable it. And another thing--that 32GB goes fast, even if you don't store music on it. FYI, the "Genius" also told me that some iPads last four or five years, some last a year. I guess I should have coughed up the extra $$$ for AppleCare. If I can't get this repaired at the local repair shop, I'm done with iPads. I'll just use Calibre and convert my book to Kindle. Other issue: frequently drops WiFi, doesn't sync all music with Match.
R8KBER0274R84	3.0	Seems to have some problems. Freezes u. p ...	1	1	Seems to have some problems. Freezes u.p Deletes messages at random.. Just downloaded latest version of operating system. If this does not solve the problem will try Apple store.
R2BTFR11ZJW55D	5.0	iPad	1	1	This was a present from my husband that I really wanted. It is great to use and I use it every day. I do not have it tied to any carrier at this time. I use wifi only and bluetooth.
RHFCWHF4NO7LI	5.0	iOS7 OOPS!	1	1	I upgraded my other iPad to iOS7. OOPS! This iPad will be kept on iOS6. I believe the iPad is the best tablet available but the company is forcing me to consider the competition.
R17W1H79B4M42X	5.0	Love my Ipad	1	1	Just like everyone else, I love the Ipad. It is heavier than I expected, and I was concerned about keeping safe until I got a case for it. Now I can take it along with no worries.
R1FXLCDVJKN9F1	5.0	Love my new ipad	1	1	I love my new iPad. It is faster than my old one which was a first generation iPad. I was satisfied with it and did not buy a new one until I dropped the old one and broke it.
R1VNI71RPA4CU5	5.0	Wife loves her new ipad	1	1	Bought this for my wife so she could use it at her university. Works perfectly to take class notes and play games. I don't use it much but she seems to like it a lot so 5 stars!
R3LHS54PX0CKIY	5.0	The Real Tablet	0	0	I am extremely happy with my I-Pad! I replaced the Samsung tablet I purchased about 4 months ago. The Samsung I felt was a good tablet. I won't say I was anti Apple but I was trying to justify my reasons for buying the Samsung. I got tired of hearing how good Apple is....how clear the picture is compared to Samsung etc. so, I purchased an Apple I-pad. I figured I still have my Samsung. If I don't like the Apple I will return it and get my money back. After using my Apple for a few weeks now, I am totally sold on this product! If fact I am considering a total change to Apple for all of my computer needs! Next it will be a switch from my Dell desktop to the Apple 27 inch desktop. I have been a Dell customer for approximately 20 years! Apple is a more expensive way to go, but I feel it is the best way for me. I think Apple products are very much worth the price difference..in my opinion! Why have I strayed somewhat away from the review of the Apple I-pad! I wanted to express my feelings about a company that I could care less about that changed because of 1 of their products....the Apple iPad with the Retina Display MD511 LL/A (32 GB, Wi -Fi, Black). If you want total satisfaction with an iPad, the tablet is for you!
R3BOUMLVOJ5FW0	1.0	Shipper sold to me with a china power cord that ...	1	1	Shipper sold to me with a china power cord that after a iOS update was blocked from charging my device had to spend my own money out of pocket to buy a apple OEM lighting cord.
R2UYXWE0E4B1L2	5.0	clear screen	1	1	its insane how clear the screen is on this ipad every time you turn on the screen you will realize the difference of clarity compared to other non apple products that you own
R2PX7YXR0A3Z3	5.0	Retina is great beautiful pictures	1	1	Tv ,Netflix photos and video,all look great on this .The iPad 4 is definitely faster and take that from someone who has bought 3 iPad 2's the 32 gig memory will come in handy
R19OMKOMDRBH3P	5.0	LOVE IT GREAT DEAL THANKS AMAZON THE ONLY BAD THING ...	1	1	LOVE IT GREAT DEAL THANKS AMAZON THE ONLY BAD THING IS I CAN'T BELIEVE THEY WOULD LEAVE A $540 ITEM ON MY DOORSTEP IN NEVADA TEMP 110 LUCKY FOR ME MY NEIGHBOR RESCUED IT
R2XV0P9V2YI8MV	5.0	Like New Condition!	1	1	I was anxious to see what shape the ipad was going to be in when it arrived. However, once I opened the package, it was like I had bought new - with a big savings! Thanks!
R2LXGG749LBNLV	5.0	Why did I wait so long to become an Apple advocate?	1	1	I love our iPad... For the digitally challenged it is so easy to use.... And for the more knowledgeable it's an enormous improvement over all versions of previous items ...
R7QJ8RD49ZJYJ	5.0	My wife loves it.	1	1	This unit operate just like my wife's iPhone. So the learning curve for my techno challenged wife was really short. It's perfect for chebking things out at work or at home.
RK5EMH8JS79QB	5.0	I love it	1	1	Superb...! It is even better than the iPAD3 , It is definitely faster and has a little bit better retina display than its predecessor But it still gets HOT
R2KS9H6TXSVXXQ	5.0	Love Love Love Love it	1	1	Don't know what I ever did without my iPad. I use it everyday and would really hate to have to be without it for any length of time. It has nearly replaced my computer.
R28Z4TYASVBUUL	5.0	I love my iPad 4 64gb!	1	1	I loveeeeeee my new iPad, the screen is beautiful it's not as heavy as people make it out to be. And I bought it for a great price refurbished. Satisfied customer! :)
R1LBNXMZ5O01NB	5.0	Crisp, beautiful Retina display	1	1	Lightweight, intuitive, and well designed. The Retina display is stunning. You'll want a protective case and some screen protectors to keep your iPad looking fresh.
R2JEB6352CXF6E	5.0	No complaints--feels like a new iPad	0	0	I have never purchased a used or refurbished product online, and was especially nervous with a several hundred dollar purchase. I wanted an inexpensive iPad with lots of memory and I was willing to pay less than $300. It was impulsive, I didn't research it a whole lot but suddenly decided I needed something other than my macbook pro and iPhone 6, something with a touch screen that's big enough to read, for real. Amazon, of course, came through with a variety of options, and I found the one that met my simple specifications (like new, at least 32 memory, 4th gen). It arrived within the week (normal shipping from this seller). It was packaged safely (but not fancy) and came with the power cord. The iPad clearly had been kept in a case the whole time it was used because it was clean and had no scratches or marks. It worked immediately without any hiccups. I am used to my phone charging fully within a couple of hours, but I need to charge the iPad overnight to bring up to 100% from 50%, so I have to plan ahead...not sure if that's normal charging, but the battery lasts quite a while between charges, so I'm happy. And I feel like I got a good deal.
R35K0J13E7IPUY	5.0	4th generation iPad	1	1	I decided to upgrade to 4th generation - not too interested in Air. I find I use my iPad more than my laptop or pc. I love all I can do and just bought a keyboard.
R399HT2HAYOT5Z	5.0	awesome!!!	1	1	Love this Ipad. Have a Galaxy tab 2 and it doesn't even compare with this ipad. The display is so much better and the format is easier to use. Highly recommend!!!
R19AHP0ORPPG7X	5.0	Awesome!!	1	1	Absolutely love this IPad! Bought my first one in October and this one for my sister's retirement!! She loves hers as well. Your service is outstanding!!! Awesome!!!
R3TAHLY9F3UKVP	5.0	It's an iPad.	1	1	It's not prolific but it is handy for some things. The retina display is pretty amazing. It is much faster than the original iPad also, which made it a good upgrade.
R23NN4ZEG4UCBC	5.0	My wife loves it!	1	1	SUperior design quality, internet browsing is faster than any other device in our house. I wish Apple would come up with better Maps app. No doubt it is coming.
R1HSBT77NWK3N6	3.0	Paint Is Peeling Off	0	0	Well, I bought the item as used in 'like new' condition. I wouldn't have written this if my lovely ipad had not been giving me headaches. I love to keep my gadgets as neat as I possibly could, and so I loved the ipad when I just got it because it was 'like new' as the seller specified. But after about three weeks of use, I discovered that the paint at the back had started peeling of, lightly though, like something is scratching it. I decided to get a case to protect it and so I got the apple smart case (new), but alas! That made it worse. At first I thought I wasn't supposed to put the pad in a case but, this is an apple case for crying out loud. My ipad now has scratches all around the right edge at the back, the type that you can feel on your fingers if you run them across the surface where the paint is coming off. I did a little research on the internet as per what my be the cause, and I found that very few people are experiencing the same issue with their ipads or iphones. I guess its the aluminium that's reacting to the type of paint used, or vice versa. Great product though but I would have loved if the ipad is still as clean as it was when I bought it.
R2QW5WP7OOCVSR	1.0	The product is being returned because it still has the ...	3	4	The product is being returned because it still has the pass code from a previous owner on it which means that it is locked and was not wiped clean for resale.
RWZSVFDMPVWXK	5.0	What I always wanted	1	1	This was my Mother's Day gift to myself. I was surprised at how fast it was delivered. It has met all my expectations and more. I say this as I type on my new IPad.
R2O4UQ70YGUGQ3	5.0	I love it!	1	1	It's amazing! It came right on time and was brand new with great packaging I love it and can hardly put it down its a very handy device and I give it two thumbs up.
R28CQ91X3D8455	5.0	A little piece of heaven in tablet form.	1	1	Easy to use, i'am 66 years old and just love using the I-pad. The pictures you can take with it are super great. Very easy to type, no need for external key board.
R12USFKXLGXEHZ	5.0	Easier to use than I thought	0	0	We'll I'm writing my review on it now. I cannot tell all the specifics like all the techs do on here because I'm not computer savvy, but I can tell you I have a HP laptop, a Kindle HD, Galaxy 5, and I finally retired my Dell from 2002 with Windows XP. (Loved that XP). My point is I've never had an Apple. Everyone I know has one and all they do is rave about it so I thought I would give it a go. Well it's my go to book now. I feel sorry now for my Galaxy 5 it's being neglected unless I'm out. I only use the HP if I'm using Windows office or need to print. I'm not sure how to do everything yet on here and I know it's a process. I have always used I.E. or Chrome so using Safari is different. I'm amazed at the pictures it takes. Far better than any camera I have ever had. In fact I gave my camera away. I have a hard time finding apps so that's something I have to work on. I also have to find out how to move my contacts from g-mail. This is going to require me reading the instructions, I'm like a guy here don't like doing that. Haha. But all in all I am very pleased and happy with my I pad. Very much worth what I paid.
R74PNOIXLRZPI	1.0	Buyer Beware	12	18	Actually this product purchased from anywhere else would likely be great but purchasing this from Tech Giant was a giant mistake. No where in their product description or posting did it state that this iPad did not come with a sim card. I think that it was dishonest of them to not mention this. Who wants to do business with a company like that? I originally thought that it was an error on their part and that once alerted to this they would make it right. I sent them an email and when that didn't get a response I went to Amazon's Customer Service. They kindly wrote an inquiry for me but they didn't even get a response. If I had discovered it sooner I would be shipping this back, but unfortunately for me it was just after the allowed return date! So, I am sounding the alarm for all who would be tempted to purchase from them - don't buy from Tech Giant.
R2DIS0HNM6DJY5	1.0	dirty charger that wasn't factor sealed and protective cover over ...	1	1	Advertised as new but wasn't. Dent on top corner, dirty charger that wasn't factory sealed and protective cover over the screen was just layed on top. Beware!!!
R3KGO3LFOOERJE	5.0	Love it.	1	1	Pretty pricey, but it's such a nice device to have around. I do my photography on it, watch movies, play games and more. Hopefully it'll last for years to come.
R2VGSD5J2VTVHV	5.0	Fantastic product. Shipped promptly. Arrived in perfect condition.	1	1	This is my first Apple product and my first tablet. Product shipped promptly and arrived in "as new" condition. I am well pleased all the way around.
R1AQNU8ND9FLZQ	4.0	Love it	1	1	I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a new or upgrade iPad. I think this Apple is the very best for the money and great price from Amazon!
R28LYZ35O6B7CZ	5.0	Love it, love it, love it!	1	1	When I am able to steal it back from my kids I am enjoying it. I get great use out of it especially when I am relaxing in bed enjoying a Saturday afternoon.
R2VBGVG9LNTRDC	5.0	Great gift for my mom.	1	1	My mom loves her iPad. She can now talk face to face with her kids and grandkids. Not sure what else she has done on it but no bad reviews from her about it.
R1QANHUIJ2TOH6	5.0	I love it	1	1	I had the first ipad and loved it. I didn't really have any complaints, but decided to try the new one. Wow. Smaller, light and faster. How can one complain
R1HVZFCEDZVYQZ	5.0	Great Product and Seller	1	1	I recieved this product quite quickly. It's the exact same as buying a new one with one diffrence, it doesn't cost as much. Zero scratches or flaws on it.
R2PSHFDOHK3UDK	4.0	Temporary problems with iOS	0	0	This Ipad 4 is my first Apple product. After opening the box and setting my AppleID, I downloaded a few new applications, just to see how everything works. However, I was greatly surprised by noting that none of these applications can be removed in the usual way (by pressing the icon, waiting for an "x" to appear, etc.). I contacted Apple support; they explained me how to remove these applications with the help of iTunes on PC. That was OK, but certainly I didn't expect that removing an application should be so complicated. Although the Ipad was declared as being new, I had the impression that somebody used it before and messed the iOS. Being rather disappointed, I start playing with the device for a few days. Not knowing what else to do, I decided to reset the iOS (iOS6 to iOS7). Surprisingly, that was a step that resolved all the problems! The Ipad started working normally, and I don't expect to have similar problems in the future. Nevertheless, such an incorrect behavior of the iOS at the very beginning was frustrating for a device declared as new. Now it works fine.
R178DIO8T8DLM7	3.0	So I am not very satisfied.	1	1	It is taking about 6/7 hours to be fully charged. That's a huge amount of time. Moreover the drainage of battery power is fast. So I am not very satisfied.
RDQ9G8IIS88MA	5.0	Best	1	1	Best purchase I've made this year. I have researched tablets for a while now and, without going into much detail, the ipad is definitely the best to date.
R2YI2F3HO2JAU6	1.0	Bad experience.	1	1	Battery went dead in less than two years making the unit worthless. Neither Parzivand Enterprises Inc. or Apple would take responsibility. Bad experience.
R1WYFMRH8UM598	4.0	So far so good. It doesn't seem to be as sensitive to ...	1	1	So far so good. It doesn't seem to be as sensitive to the touch as my last one. Sometimes I have to touch it several times to get it to open or move on.
R1J9A5N60684E3	4.0	Good product	1	1	Husband needed for work. Sysco Systems foods used this product and it helps my Chef husband get his ordering, inventory, and food costs in quick order.
R3LZE1YTTDDXL2	4.0	Works well	1	1	Overall, very pleased to own the item. Drawbacks: a little heavier than I was expecting. The battery takes a long time to recharge. Hence, 4 stars.
R4GGUIAHVRQ0Y	5.0	Quick, fast, awesome	1	1	Arrived fast and after charging there hasn't been a single issue with it. Definitely recommend a case for it if you take it with you everywhere you go.
R2WD1FEWXNDK5X	5.0	No comments about this product	1	1	Excellent product. Simply sensational. I recommend Apple Inc. products. High quality and functional. This product met my expectations and good-looking.
RSTU9OE2R1S5Y	4.0	Good product and value	1	1	This was a gift for my wife, to replace the original iPad. She loves it, but the battery only lasts 5-6 hours. Not the 10 hours that are advertized.
RTBZZ8TS97Q02	5.0	Great product	1	1	I love this product. I don't have any major complain. The images are high quality and it runs really fast I wish it could have a usb port though
R26GEYG6BAK3FQ	5.0	We still use it daily and it's great - lots of hours logged as a tiny TV ...	1	1	We still use it daily and it's great - lots of hours logged as a tiny TV while laying in bed. Has travelled the world with us and still goes strong.
R3CY7JHW5GR42Z	5.0	Love my new iPad.	1	1	I love my new iPad and the price was great. I can't do with out it and have it on hand all day. It was shipped fast and packed well. Thank you
RKVLNQ8U6I5A0	5.0	Super	3	4	Another Great product from apple. Good batt life, super display. Syncs seamlessly with other apple products. I would recommend to friend
R10CGV806J94JC	5.0	Excellent	1	1	Excellent, practically looks brand new. Haven't had any problems with it so far. No scratches on the screen or on the back of the IPad. Love it.
R2ZA5VF3AFV6Z3	5.0	Don't know how I ever lived without it!	1	1	Love my new Ipad! I take it everywhere I go now! It's like my velcro buddy! I no longer get bored waiting in doctor's offices, restaurants, etc!
RGT7GXPPK4P8M	5.0	Apple the Best of the Best.	1	1	This iPad, its so wonderful, powerful and amazing. everything is great, the display, the app store, its really strong, and so useful. i love it.
R1KK9TE1XBXNDV	1.0	bad seller	1	1	Device listed new I took it too apple they showed the device listed used refurbished and device worked for an hour before becoming nonresponse.
RHV1F4RYBOS5N	5.0	LOVE IT LOVE IT!!	1	1	I've always wanted one and it's exactly what I wanted. I rated it a 5 star because I love it. I would recommend it to all my friends.
R2VZB325PQ1J6J	5.0	excellent choice!	1	1	I received this item on time and in excellent condition... It works perfectly and was the best gift for my mom on her birthday....She loves it!
R2TALDOXMURPBX	5.0	versatile	1	1	Great product! Its versatile with a great screen. I use it for class and work, combine it with a Bluetooth keyboard and its a great PC option.
R2PV81ZJVW6HAM	5.0	Awesome product	1	1	I bought this for my daughter who will use it as she starts her student teaching in January. I feel we received a great product for the price.
R1IZWH5UWS33B5	4.0	Great product	1	1	Pros: Excellent battery life and incredible screen. Great sound quality. Cons: could benefit with a mini-usb port and a larger hard drive
R3A3F29WCDHBLD	5.0	Very easy	1	1	Significant speed increase over iPad 2. Significant resolution improvement. Has excellent build feel and old cases work perfectly on it :-)
R308GFRXY6CF5M	5.0	I received this today ands it's BEAUTIFUL!! No scratches on the front or back ...	1	1	I received this today ands it's BEAUTIFUL!! No scratches on the front or back it's perfect! I will order again from them if I need another!!
R1CKZKUHHXN1H7	4.0	So far I like it. Still learning to use it right now.	1	1	So far I like it. I am still learning to use it right now. I'm 73 and this is the first ipad I have ever owned. I don't even have an iphone.
R2YYP3VL992GE4	5.0	Top rating and pricing	1	1	Great product and great price. Just wish it had instructions with it for those of us that are not familiar with all of the new technology.
R266ANZYJ56ZPR	5.0	Worth the money.	1	1	This one is the real deal. Good for everything. Amazing screen. Youtube videos come alive and surfing the internet is easier than ever.....
RIMLVMG3FCW7G	5.0	great product	1	1	this was a great buy and worthwhile investment. I bought this for the portablity and the well known name of Apple was well worth the price.
R28T17FBWKDOG8	1.0	** Buyer BEWARE **	3	4	** Buyer BEWARE ** This guy re-packages broken products in new cases. **Buy At Your Own Risk** Just don't say you weren't warned!
R1893N5T38VG9F	5.0	A Terrific Product For Special Needs Children	0	0	This was an incredible help for us as a family. We have a daughter with Autism and although she is high functioning, as any parent of a special needs child knows, life holds many challenges for special needs families. The iPad came in the box ready to go. I simply plugged it into the wall and the wifi picked up all the tablet needed to know. This made life easier for me. It connected right to my iTunes account and I was easily able to share her special apps. We use it mainly to calm her, and direct her with terrific apps such as ChoiceWorks and other learning tools. She began communicating much better and when we are out, we bring it with the headphones so she can listen to music. We have noticed a decrease in frustrating meltdowns. I use it often as well, for writing and for other work related things I do that needs a computer on the go. ALl of my desktop programs have apps that I can access and upload via the iPad. I truly love it.
R2S4YOH08V8NAT	5.0	Bought for husband	1	1	He loves new gadgets and he was very surprised by this gift. He is learning new things and so far hasn't found anything he doesn't like.
R1KRSXG1E7QIY8	5.0	Purchsed	3	4	The I pad purchase was an uneventful operation. The order was filled in a timely fashion and the communication was outstanding.
RO1Z265Z6STZ2	5.0	It has the features you would really like. I grabbed a good used value price one	1	1	This one isn't going to be too slow in a long while. It has the features you would really like. I grabbed a good used value price one.
R2V0LULW8LX9JE	5.0	Love the iPad!	1	1	Love this piece of technology...this will bring hours of learning for our students!! We appreciate the very fast service...thank you!!
RCIDY4334K9JM	5.0	My only regeat is not buy one years ago.	1	1	Great! First apple product I've own, the voice command is perfect for us visually gifted folk. My only regeat is not buy one years ago.
RK9YKYI7RYW0O	5.0	Amazing product	1	1	This is my second ipad and all I can say is it keeps getting better and better, to all the Apple haters its ok for some to own Apple!!!
RITJ3KUFJQ0II	5.0	I had no Internet connection problems at all	0	0	The seller was great and this arrived 3 days earlier than what was expected! I love it and it came in excellent condition. I don't know what a lot of people are talking about this iPad 4 having problems connecting to their wireless Internet and crashing a lot. This hasn't happened to me once yet and I'm not saying it hasn't happened to them but it is probably their internet's fault and not the device's fault because I have like the cheapest Internet and the cheapest Internet router but mine connects fine and hasn't crashed once. So that should tell you something. This is my first iPad and the only thing I will complain about is the battery life. It is terrible but then again I'm on mine a lot since I need it so much with making YouTube videos and doing my other work on it like my poetry. This is my only computer so I rely on it a ton. It is reliable in everything else though so I just suggest that you keep a wall adapter and charger handy wherever you are.
R3U5GE94SVB6FA	5.0	Terrific purchase	1	1	Wonderful Ipad! Delivered promptly and looked like it had never been used .this was a great client to deal with...highly recommended.
R2MAGXCY9ZAKSF	5.0	Great item	1	1	Great value!! Why pay more for the same product elsewhere? On time delivery as promised and works perfectly. I go nowhere without it!
R1IF5PYXDYWAPM	5.0	AWESOME!	1	1	I am very pleased with the iPad and use it almost every day. It is perfect for browsing the web, watching Netflix, and taking photos!
R1KXIDX2559QHZ	5.0	Excellent as ordered	1	1	Excellent. Everything works well. My first ipad. I have had various I phones. Nothing here to complain about. Its as advertised.
R22R7RGDSUM3PK	5.0	Fantastic!!	1	1	I bought two of these and so far they are great! Wish they were a little cheaper, but you get what you pay for! Would recommend.
R3LB1PYQ7TXJV6	5.0	Amazing!	0	0	I have had the iPad4 for over a year and have loved using it every day since I got it as a birthday present. I am SO pleased with it that THIS purchase of it was for my youngest sister for her birthday. She is ecstatic with it. The Retina Display is so clear and bright. The bottom line to this tablet is that is a very expensive toy for us grown ups...;o) But it serves me well when I want to surf the web, pay bills, check my banking account and other things like this along with free apps for my grandchildren that range from free fun games to educational apps appropriate for their age levels which are 8, 7 and 4. So, it isn't all play but it's still fun to play on. This company delivered it in a very timely manner and it was well packed to make sure it arrived safely. I would most definitely use this company again with no reservations at all. So, the company and the product both have earned that 5 star rating from me. Excellent all the way around.
R1AIOZW2AL48V1	5.0	Wow!	1	1	This iPad is freakin' awesome! My wife uses it daily for internet searches, downloading pictures, etc. The graphics are incredible
RMJCUH2QUUWRC	5.0	love it love it	1	1	love it love it! read all reviews and made my decision. the clarity is awesome and would one hundred percent recommend this IPad.
R1TL5UU1P3ZZ7L	5.0	great product	1	1	just as advertised!!! My family loves this and i would not go smaller than the 32 gig if you want it to store movies and game apps
R2MV3JGJYF9SPJ	5.0	Like	1	1	Ordered for my wife to sync with her phone. She is very pleased with the the product and sharing capabilities with apple products.
RU4HV7LMCOY8O	5.0	Las Vegas	1	1	Iped 4 I love it! I never thought I'm gonna like it like that, thank you amazone. I would reccomend this product to all
R29EUA4QKLQ4VM	5.0	Great Item	1	1	I highly recommend this is my new baby! IT was received timely and with no issues! If your looking for one then I would recommend!
R2WP1SS6R40PDJ	1.0	The new iOS 8 download requires almost 6 GB of ...	4	6	The new iOS 8 download requires almost 6 GB of storage, which leaves you struggling to delete enough photos, apps, music and other files from it to make room. It forces you to wipe significant amounts of photos and other files to make room for the update. 16 GB is a glorified paperweight with the new iOS 8. If you have one and you don't want to loose the pictures or apps, then might I suggest that you should not download the update. The new iPad my husband had recently purchased hadn't been updated with the new iOS 8, so my husband unknowingly updated it. He was unable to watch movies or download his music right from the start. He returned it. 16GB is obsolete with new update. I have had mine for a long time and will not update it because I paid for my apps. Losing money is unacceptable to me.
RZ8XSHQMAP5AK	5.0	I am really enjoying my IPad and glad that I finally made the decision to purchase it	1	1	I am really enjoying my IPad and glad that I finally made the decision to purchase it. I can"t believe how easy it is to use.
R1E86618RCZ96X	5.0	The picture quality with the Retina Display is Awesome!!	1	1	Delivered on time, no damage and really loving the IPAD 4th generation. The picture quality with the Retina Display is Awesome!!
R1504FJ1W599BV	5.0	been using it for a couple months now and I am still glad I bought	1	1	I've always wanted one and so went ahead with the purchase; been using it for a couple months now and I am still glad I bought it
R2SE2NL9PFQ07B	5.0	Nice case	1	1	Case makes handling ipad much easier. The soft rubber keeps it from sliding off of everything. The stand is a nice feature also
R38Z0Z6H8UH0XW	5.0	Totally Awesome	0	0	I just love my Ipad 4 64 GB I am so addicted to it, I use it all the time I recently returned it for the wifi with AT&T so I can have internet access 24/7 no matter where I am whether it's in the car at the park or in a location that is not wifi ready. I love the games I love looking up different things on the internet. I went two whole weeks without watching tv because the tablet itself is soo entertaining. I bought books to read on it movies and the clarity of the pictures are awesome I took pictures at my brothers wedding and it came out gorgeous people were saying instead of hiring a photographer they could have hired me. I downloaded some app that frame the pictures and decorated it very nicely. I just love it. This is my very first tablet and I love it, this is a must have. I also bought the office word app so I can type, I just have to get my air printer and Im all set don't even use my laptop anymore.
R1I0HKXG4EFW1P	4.0	Extended warranty	1	1	More than what I expected But I have not received the warranty u purchased at the same time even thou is was charged for it
R3KATWOHQ664IW	5.0	Amazing screen	1	1	Super smooth performance compared to the old iPad first gen. Can't complain on the hardware, though I personally dislike iOS 7.
R3G81AJX1JO43T	5.0	excellent	1	1	This product was a great deal of satisfaction to me. The tools it has is very useful as for work as for entairtainment as well.
R200VQF05C27MM	5.0	The ultimate!!!!	1	1	I recommend this product to everybody..... This thing is fast accurate and very user friendly. I am glad i purchased this ipad.
R3LPZLIAHJNIHB	5.0	Once again this iPad out shines all the others.	1	1	This does all it says and out shines my iPad 2 . After looking around for sometime for the right price, this was a great find.
R26KF726SN6NMT	5.0	I love this ipad 4, it just what I like to have, works excellent and response so fast than I aspect. I would strongly recommend.	1	1	Also I really appreciated that "electronicsseller" sent it to me four days before they promised it will take 10 days.
R3NTDSC3MTWHYH	5.0	Great purchase	1	1	This iPad is great. Super quick with all the features, speed, and memory that I need. And it is small enough to take anywhere.
R1U2MBN5JOMAKI	5.0	It's the original touch screen tablet. Enough said, right?	0	0	The 4th generation iPad is an iPad - that's enough to get the point across, right? We all know the iPad is the touch screen equivalent of the gold medal - others have come & gone, but it's still what every other tablet is compared to. Regarding this model, the only major difference between the 4th generation & the 3rd is a more powerful processor, but the amazing Retina screen remains the same - & as someone with a 2013 Macbook Air too which doesn't have a Retina display, the Retina screen is quite a difference. I use my MA more for computing, while the iPad (to me) is more of an entertainment device - & its screen is definitely perfect for it. Pixelation is all but a thing of the past with this baby! Overall, I use this for Netflix & YouTube (& occasionally checking email, Facebook, etc.), but really, for a tablet & everything that goes with that, the iPad is everything you could ask for.
R2RWA2FFY9FOZH	5.0	iPad 4	1	1	Works wonderfully and the clarity of the image makes Skyping with friends and family a joy! I would recommend this to anyone
R5Z0JB6OI5JDM	5.0	iPad 4th Gen	0	0	This iPad was brand new, original shrink wrapped box. My old iPad 1st Gen was not handling Facebook well, particularly any videos posted on that site. I could expect the old iPad to drop me out of Safari multiple times on every video I tried to watch on Facebook. Of course, YouTube videos were no longer supporting IOS 5.0, so I couldn't view any videos on that site either. The new iPad 4th Gen is completely stable on Facebook and after more than a month of use, I have not been dropped out of Safari once. I am still getting used to the different layout on Safari with the bookmarks on the top right of the screen, instead of the left side. The battery life seems to be better (maybe 25 percent more) than on the 1st Gen iPad. I have not noticed any heat buildup on the back of the iPad 4th Gen. Overall, I am absolutely satisfied I made the right choice and upgraded to the 4th Gen iPad.
R3KWIPN78WM3UQ	4.0	ipad retina 32gb, white	1	1	seems to work just fine...takes and holds charge well. bought a case/cover for it, too. like the speed and gyro switching.
R11ILYHVUXX6G9	4.0	Preowned and Pristine	0	0	I ordered my package from nextworth and recived a wonderfully clean and undamaged product. Crystal clear retina display and even a 75% charge on the battery. I only give my iPad a four star review because the seller included the wrong charger with my device. I recieved a 30 pin style charger instead of the new lightning cord. I'm bummed but the contact sheet did have a number that allowed me to report the issue quickly and the customer service was polite and timely about resolving my issue. Great device, good price and a sturdy alternative to the thinner iPad air. There's no reason to buy an air this device processes very quickly and responds brillantly. A normal 64gb iPad will be about $800 new I got my device at half price! Couldn't be happier with my first amazon experience even though it looks like i'll have to wait until monday to fully synch my device.
R2C5PDEDLYNCII	5.0	Couldn't be happier.	1	1	Exactly as advertised. Delivered promptly. Use it more than my computer. In fact, is using it now. Couldn't be happier.
R3JB1UW7EG1C64	5.0	Great Product!	1	1	Love my new iPad!. It is my first and it's so easy to use. Great graphics. Would recommend it to my friends in a heartbeat!
R2I95A841SYW2P	5.0	Amazing	1	1	Perfect for me and my family. Buy this product if you have kids especially. My daughters use it for many educational games.
R2JWR7U5TFBD2Q	5.0	loving my new ipad 4th gen 64GB White:)	0	0	For those that don't know: microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, etc. are all avaiable for FREE at the apple App Store. The name of the program is OnLive Desktop. I can now leave my netbook at home and bring my ipad to my university to take notes! This iPad 4th gen 64GB White is beautiful. Came with iOS 6.0 and I jailbroke it within minutes with evasi0n! I just ordered the best cover ever:Snugg iPad 4 & iPad 3 Case - Leather Case Cover and Flip Stand with Elastic Hand Strap and Premium Nubuck Fibre Interior (White) - Automatically Wakes and Puts the iPad 4 & 3 to Sleep. Superior Quality Design as Featured in GQ Magazinein White and a great bluetooth keyboard:Anker Ultra Slim Mini Bluetooth 3.0 Wireless Keyboard for iPad Mini / iPad / Nexus 7 / Galaxy Tab and other Tablets - White. Very happy purhases :).
R1KMTR79LT3UX9	5.0	Perfect iPad For the Price	1	1	Item came quick, as described, and brand new in the box. It works just as if I had purchased it from Wal-Mart or Best Buy.
R23KWNKINXVL8I	5.0	I bought the best and am glad	1	1	It does everything ne I wanted it to do. It was easy to set up and download the apps. I really like Siri which works well.
R2PLTDP47KYVX4	5.0	Should have got one long ago	1	1	Impressive battery life Only issue I have is no USB Could have bought a IPad 3 for cheaper but why cheat myself
R22BL583WU4XRX	5.0	Absolutely love it!	1	1	Great, fast, easy to use - thousands of Apps that install within seconds. Very happy with it and can recommend to anyone!
R6TMNIZYSJTOU	1.0	UNRELIABLE	33	50	My wife went on a business trip to south-America visiting companies. She wrote all notes in the iPad. On her way back, the iPad spontaneously showed an error (without doing absolutely anything other than turn it on) "This iPad is disabled" and asked to wait for 45 minutes. After 45 minutes all was gone. It started as if the iPad was new. I went to the iPad store and they said that they don't know why this happened and that they have no way to recover any data. All was lost. The best they could do is to exchange it for a different one. The lost data was worth so much more than the iPad. I think is unacceptable that this tablet may destroy the user's data and according to the Apple store employees, there's nothing wrong with it. If the operating system has a problem, user's data should not be deleted, even if it has to start cold. This is the second iPad we have and the second to fail. The first one, a first generation, just stopped charging and we had to pay Apple to exchange it for a different one. The lesson we learned is that this devices may be good for music, photos or any other unimportant tasks, but to me, they are toys. I wouldn't rely on this tablet on anything important. Update: It did it again. I went to an Apple store and they exchanged it. The employee at Apple said that they never saw this failure before. I hope the replaced unit works fine, but anyway we will just trust the important notes to pen and paper.
RXYB0068JIG3S	5.0	Happy for it	1	1	Relly happy for the decision I made. Price for the value really good.. You could almost say ipad air inside an ipad 2 :)
R2QAUBXS2WYF50	4.0	Apple I Pad.	1	1	Very pleased with the product. The Retina display makes a big difference. Easy on the eyes and the colors are brillient.
RR7H4NG87DX0M	5.0	i love it	1	1	it is more than i expected..i can give my desktop a rest..I've had it a couple months now and couldn't do without it!!!!
R2FPMKV27NPYNY	4.0	Really love it!	0	0	I bought this device *cough* used about 3 months ago. There isn't a single day when it hasn't had use, including a trip to New York and Boston. My previous tablet was the original ASUS Transformer which had started to languish in the corner of my office because of its lack of screen responsiveness. The advantages of the ASUS over the Ipad is the openness of the file system. That's my only gripe with the Ipad (not jailbroken), is that you can't just store files on the device without the use of a specific program. (Ipad users will know what I mean.) The battery life on the Ipad is pretty impressive. With my ASUS, I would have to charge it almost every night, but the Ipad just keeps going and going. That battery capacity comes with a price, much longer charging times. Otherwise, a really amazing device that appeals to all ages.
RD1KUQIF0YH9R	4.0	I pad 4	3	4	One dislike for the charger that get too hot when i charge my ipad , but nothing else , disaponted on charger
R35BL70IWOF39H	5.0	Very pleased with this iPad	1	1	Love my iPad. Had shopped around for different brands. Glad that I chose this one. Great price from this seller too.
R2UJ3RIVZ3ABZT	5.0	Father's Day gift	1	1	I gave my husband his Father's Day gift early. He loves it! I do too, now since he isn't on mine anymore! Gift gift!!!
R15GSXAFGK5L1X	4.0	I like it	1	1	I chose the rate because of the quality of the product. It has got a nice design and good graphics. I'd recomend it
RKC982XOKH3SR	5.0	Who has a problem with this?	1	1	I love my iPad, I use it every day for work and play. I even took it on my vacation and took some wonderful pictures.
R2EUUHVZPEITVI	5.0	iPad 4	1	1	Love the iPad 4. The battery life is very good, I can be on it all day or even two days and still have a good charge.
R14QAYE57FVLMP	5.0	Luv it, Luv it, Luv it	1	1	The unit was everything I wanted and then some. I am having a blast with it and learning new tricks everyday.Thanks.
RQ6J37S00LDCZ	5.0	Great iPad	1	1	The screen size and quality on this iPad is great, it's a bit heavy but still one of the best tablets on the market.
R1S0XVM2MYMNBF	5.0	We love it!!!!	1	1	It makes going away easier since we now don't need to lug around computers. Easy to use. Great gift from our family.
R16N56IA43I9DW	5.0	Overall wonderful product	0	0	I got an ipad for my birthday last year and I love it. I've used it so many places, in so many ways, including playing music off the Pandora App during and after labor with my daughter in the hospital. A year later, I've had ZERO problems with it and it works flawlessly. It synchs with my macbook pro laptop computer (which I also LOVE). I'm in graduate school and I hate lugging heavy bags with my bad back. I bought the wireless keyboard and now when I go to class, I put the ipad and keyboard in my purse and off I go. I downloaded the Kindle App and many of my textbooks are now available on there. So, I hardly have to carry anything with me to class! It also takes videos and records sounds, so if I wanted to record part of the lecture, I could. I give this 5 stars! Apple has it down! Once you go Mac, you'll never go back! :o)
R2PTRYWTZWKIK0	5.0	I love Apple and in my household alone have 10 Apple ...	1	1	Present for my mom. I love Apple and in my household alone have 10 Apple products. Retina Display is really nice.
R1MJO0XWT7HKJB	5.0	so glad i waited till now... this device is flawless	0	0	I didn't really want to fall into the apple hype and get the latest, greatest device. but i had seen some amazing demonstrations of what this device can do for both controlling music daws(digital audio workstations) and draw/painting aps with a proper stylus. So i took the plunge. I was not disappointed, but what really amazed me was amazing the web(facebook, internet reading etc...) look on this device. it is crystal clear and so much easier on the eye than my laptop or iphone. it's literally the perfect size. photos look exactly like what they are supposed to look like. I also love this model as it's the "budget" model with the smallest hard drive and no phone service. i just hook it up to wifi and i'm set. Also i don't need a lot hard drive space as i'm not really storing anything on it, just accessing the web.
R37QKR3RM3ET5W	3.0	I have this I pad and I love it. This is so easy for the elderly ...	0	0	I have this I pad and I love it. This is so easy for the elderly to use. I am 85 and although I have a Mac book pro,a Kindle Fire and a reader but this is my favorite. It Is the perfect size and navigating through the installed appsis so easy . I love the notepad and I use that all the time. It's great for writing letters especially for family. I keep all my appointments.. telephone numbers and to do lists and it's right there. Even if your fingers don't always work right and sometimes if they are shaky it is doable. Sometimes I use a stylus and sometimes I let my fingers to the work. The photos are fun especially if you have grandchildren to show to your friends. Just like the old fashioned brag book. Even if you have never touched a computer get your favorite teenager to help you. Gram jam Dolores
R35SJM2319SFNY	5.0	Wonderful do dad	1	1	Brilliant, everything I wanted and I was very happy. Remember you can't add memory so buy the most you can afford.
R3TP1BVWAJ1EAP	5.0	As expected	1	1	It is the 4th gen, arrived as it should have, condition was new. I am satisfied with this product. Nothing wrong.
R1DT4RWIOOGAVY	5.0	This was a wonderful device!	0	0	I purchased this unit to replace the unit that I returned, since this is a much better unit: it has a 1.3 mg pixel camera, versus the previous one that has 0.9 mg pixel front camera, much better suited for skyping. Unfortunately, I had an accident, with this unit being a casualty: I was on a cruise ship and it was accidentally knocked overboard. Not to worry: My insurance took care of it! I bought a replacement one with a white bezel and more storage space(32GB), with which I'm very happy. As noted on another review, the only drawback with the Ipad is that there's no room for expansion of storage space and you cannot just watch any video off line that you want: it has to be compatible with the Ipad. However, there is a workaround to that. watch your videos from a cloud drive such as dropbox (icloud doesn't work)
R2RDF8KL7EFRAM	5.0	Apple iPad	1	1	Love this product so easy to setup. Love how thin it is. Makes it easy to carry everywhere. Love apple products.
RE8CZ00QTF6GR	5.0	I should had bought this one when it 1st came out. But I,m glad I finally got one.	1	1	Have a lot of tablets. And this is one of my favorites Apple Meeks great products and this is by far it's best !
R36VOP4J5XLWSY	5.0	Like	1	1	My first iPad tablet and I am using it on a daily basis. I use mainly for facebook, internet and watching shows.
R5D10QP4O5JUX	5.0	love is the word	0	0	i have owned computers since 1980. i have always been a pc owner except for one macbook which i wasn;t enthralled with. so i did have a concern or two about the ipad but truly wanted one. hubby solved the decision by getting it as a valentines/birthday combo gift. it took about 30 seconds to learn the basics and buy my first apps, lol. it is now in use for at least half of my computer time. the laptop is starting to feel lonely, lol. the screen clarity is amazing and the ease of operation is awesome. i am shocked at what it can do and the lack of limitations in use. better yet, i bought one for my husband who is not as computer literate and he is having much less difficulty with it than with the pc he has used for years. i'm sold, he's sold... my advice is: if in doubt, buy it anyway.
RFJJYFO7AD5Y9	4.0	The Ipad is awesome!	1	1	Everyone should have an Ipad. The graphics are awesome. It's a little expensive but it is a very cool gadget.
R2RGYKHSUYYEQW	5.0	Best iPad Yet	1	1	This is my second iPad and it's the best yet. The faster processor is fantastic and the graphics are beautiful.
R2ZE2580827NVN	4.0	Nice bargain, happy with transaction.	0	0	The device arrived in pristine condition, unblemished and has performed flawlessly since receipt. The battery lasts much longer than I ever expected it would, I am very happy with my purchase transaction. Reasons for 4 stars vice 5: a) Item arrived with an ancient version of the iOS operating system, and completely discharged, necessitating a delay before I could start playing with it. b) Some of the previous owners identifying information was still left on the device (AppleID) c) It is a bit heavy, and the reach while typing is a bit awkward (little long for my thumbs to reach), I probably would have been happier with the iPad mini, but not $400 worth happier. This was an amazing deal, and I am very happy with the purchase, shipping, condition, and item performance.
R2AIX59C38UW5F	5.0	great product	1	1	This ipad is fantastic. I can realized many works with the help of this product. I think made a good invertion
R1WIZIWPSCDH5E	5.0	Best tablet ever	1	1	I love my iPad it beats out all the others such as android. I highly recommend it. It's better than any others
R1Q5PFWP8VZ5UW	5.0	Awesome	1	1	I fought "selling-out" and purchasing an iPad for a long time. But it is great and we love the device
R2KJTO4BOINNQ1	5.0	Love it	1	1	WEll worth the money and the picture is so clear....fast, and keeps a charge a long time..love love love it..
R3I6CE8D9OJ50X	5.0	Present for the lady of the house.	2	3	To clarify, my WIFE loves it, I am not an Apple fan, they are too 'elite' for me. I was concerned that a new OS would be difficult for me to learn and that I would not be able to provide tech support. However, this device is a breeze to use, my only issue is the combined settings 'app' for all the apps, I am not used to that feature. Smooth graphics, installs many free programs through the app store, downloaded all the previously bought music from ITunes. Downloaded iCloud to my Windows computer at home and can sync all her Firefox bookmarks onto the Safari browser. I even downloaded Netflix, Amazon, Gmail, and Google Maps to deliver content in a more accustomed manner to the lady. I hope she likes it!
R31XB7G2FJGYE	5.0	Hey, it is an iPad.	1	1	Just what it says, iPads are a solid value. The capacity available in the 128GB model is just simply great.
R2ZKH94SMFPLWJ	5.0	Its Great, We love it!	1	1	I cant keep my girlfriend off of this Ipad 4. I plan to buy another one on the right day at the right price.
R3QDY1K413QHC7	5.0	Lovetoshop	1	1	Love it. Nice. Easy to use .very light to carry around. Great battery life. Great picture and video quality.
R2K2ZVC5SK71OJ	5.0	A great iPad	1	1	It deserves a 5 star rating. I thoroughly like it and would tell anyone! It answers all my needs and more!
R22968QIP7VRS3	5.0	iPad for the ages ... get one if you don't have one already!	0	0	What can I say? I had an Android tablet, and the screen got shattered by a glass falling from the cupboard. I called the company that manufactured it, and the costs of the replacement screen was MORE than a new one. This deal came up, and we purchased it for our needs ... let's just say I'm not the least bit sorry! There's a reason why Apple products are so popular, and I know why everyone was telling me I should get in iPad instead of the other operating system. For a phone, Android works great. For a tablet, a little too clunky, especially with all the bloatware the other manufacturer put on their system. No bloatware on the Apple, and the product was delivered in less than 48 hours from the time of order! Excellent service, excellent product, and a great price.
R13NMLJ0W4ZVCX	5.0	I use it to watch some sports using Sling ( which is pretty glitchy at times) I have found the resolution to ...	0	0	I have to say the display on the ipad 4 is really stunning. I use it to watch some sports using Sling ( which is pretty glitchy at times) I have found the resolution to be so much better than the ipad3 my friend has. He is lusting over my ipad now. I never really thought I would like the ipad format of computer but it is really handy and very enjoyable. The speed of the ipad 4 is just right. I never have a problem running any of the applications that I have downloaded or with streaming video. Overall I am very happy with my purchase .. I think it is a little over priced but I got a refurbished models and have been very happy with the price I received and the quality of the ipad 4. Can't say enough about the Retina display .. bravo !!!
R22ZB5JLIPOKCN	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Works perfectly arrived on time highly recommend buying a refurbished if u can save the money it's worth it
R24QPEKN9XXM12	5.0	best table every 	1	1	I love my iPad the price was amazing 128gb 4 th generation $429 got the product on time no complaints here
REDFZND876BKM	4.0	Apple iPad with Retina Display	1	1	I bought it as a gift. The model was explicitly specified by the recipient. He is happy with it. Thank you.
R27QOBDFU881IU	5.0	The Ipad is great	1	1	I held off buying this until the 4th generation. I LOVE it. And the company that send it to me was great!
R3QQL4YOSN2XUA	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	An awesome deal @ an amazing price! Fast delivery and a great seller! It meet and exceded my expectations!
R3JL7E07J7MIJJ	5.0	Always wanted an iPad	1	1	Now I love it. Also read my books on it besides all other computer fun. My granddaughters fight over it.
R2I6V10WLSO92G	5.0	Everybody loves this product	1	1	The best ipad ever we bought for our toddler She simply LOVE IT Thank you Apple for this amaizing product
R3BTBMWUN0ZA25	5.0	Has worked perfectly since purchase....	0	0	There were some negative reviews of this vendor. One particular series of highly critical reviews really made me wonder if I was getting into trouble buying the newest iPAD from this vendor. The price was roughly $120.00 less than Apple's price. So I was apprehensive until the tab arrived. The tab came in unopened original packaging, arriving on time and in good condition. I own two iPad 1s and an iPAD 2, and now this iPAD with retina display. They all work just the way they should. The screen is a nice improvement. This iPAD is so thin that it is easy to misplace if you don't have it in a more bulky case (which I have now done). I am very happy and impressed with both this iPAD model and with the vendor that I purchased it through. Cant complain at all.....
RVYENP4JWSPWG	5.0	So easy to use	1	1	I was looking at one today. Can't wait to buy one for me and my daughter. So easy to use. Like a new toy.
R3QNT3I3PO3J3Y	4.0	Satisfied with Amazon	1	1	This is a good buy, I have another generation iPad and it's the same, but the quality of picture is nice.
R14U2NCILSL16K	5.0	good	1	1	very good product, come in time at a good price. works good, I'm to buy this product. I will recommend it
R115IKMHC2KTVJ	5.0	Apple IPad	0	0	I love Apple products very crisp, clear screens and the speed really is incredible when opening apps and running a lot at once. I was pleased with Video chatting and that the front-facing camera now records in 720p resolution with an accurate-looking video. I take it all over, family room, bedroom, kitchen and even outside. It is my constant companion because it's so easy to use I can locate shopping, restaurants, recipes or whatever. I use Pinterest on it a lot. It has changed the way I do things. It is solidly built and I don't have problems with crashes like I did on my last laptop. I have owned this for a long time now. Will not go back to other laptops. It's Apple I Pad all the way. I purchased this without being offered a discount for full price.
RGPI831KRHCBN	5.0	Very nice iPad, odd swapping of models	0	0	This review is a bit hard to do since the iPad received works great and will do exactly what we want to do. However, it is not the model in the ad. It was WiFi but included a T-Mobile cellular capability. The camera was better than advertised. There was no documentation in the box with the unit. Well, let me restate that -- there was a small card with pictures and labels of the buttons and jacks on the iPad but no other instructions or operating procedures. A chat with Apple verified it is a 4th Gen with Retina Display. They sent me a link to a webpage that contained the technical specs on the unit. We are happy with the iPad, but it was confusing that the model ordered was not the model received. To be clear, we are pleased with this purchase.
R2ATRM0K2V4RQW	5.0	Awesome	0	0	I have purchased 9 IPads for my kids and family for college, leisure, and communicating. This recent purchase will be #10 for my daughter to assist her with her college studies. I also purchased an Otterbox Defender Hornet Series case to protect the IPad, which I highly recommend. The iPad has an outstanding battery life, the applications are functional and streamlined into the system for an effortless use. The are many free apps for leisure activities , as well as for professional applications such as Microsoft power point, excel, and word. I'm impressed with the wireless printing function, which integrates well with documents, photos, and spread sheets. This is an amazing product, it's convent and easy to carry, I hardly ever use my MacBook Pro.
RJX8E9OC4ZIHL	5.0	Great!	1	1	I LOVE my iPad! Very convenient, fast, easy to use. It fully syncs with my iPhone and iMac. Love it!
R261JJROQQG2BV	5.0	Thanks	1	1	Everything Was fine thanks, all the tems arrived no tim and complete, the tem is beautiful. . . . .
R2OCXC4Y92QJXI	5.0	Great	1	1	It is great just freeze from time to time. I got this for my boyfriend as a gift. Great sell brandnew
R1FVM6LD9DK8CH	5.0	Worth every penny!	0	0	The picture quality is even better than the previous iPads. It runs smoothly. App selection is nearly overwhelming - there is something for everyone. I watch movies on it with & without headphones. Drag & drop features make this a very easy solution for photography editing and books. Typing on a screen takes some getting used to, but it's a small learning curve compared to all of the great features of an iPad. I own a Toshiba Thrive (Android technology) and it crashes constantly, the apps do not run nearly as well as Mac OX systems (the Thrive is the worst computer I've ever owned & I deeply regret the purchase). I've used PCs since the 1980s, but I've completely converted to Apple because their products are better in every way.
R3O1VF1R8SMCPH	5.0	Great but beware	0	0	After three attempts I think I finally have a good ipad. My first one the forward camera stopped working and I had to send it back. The second one came from the IPADSHOP fulfilled by Amazon and when I checked the warranty it was used and only had 6mo of warranty left. The box was wrapped in plastic to make it look new but was obviously not the same plastic that comes from the factory. I have read of others having the same experience with the ipadshop. So, google apple warranty check and check your serial number to make sure it is a new one. Amazon was great as usual and I had no problems returning the defective one and the used one. They even waved the shipping on the third because of what happened. Thank you Amazon!
RVRJN7TPABMCK	5.0	Love my Apple Ipad!!!	1	1	I love my iPad!!! I will not buy another notebook computer and I am finally FREE from Windows 8!!!!
RFC9JPWW5TCPS	5.0	iPad is addicting	1	1	It runs so well and fast it makes my laptop look like a piece of junk. Never any problems with mine.
R2CHGD3YOAVNWA	5.0	I just love Apple	1	1	I just love Apple so much so that I just couldn't have gone for any other make. It's just flawless.
R1CA64Y22G01UC	5.0	iPad	1	1	Was wondering if I would be able learn everything I need on the iPad, and now I can,t put it down.
R2CGMZ4500IUGE	4.0	IPad	1	1	I like the IPad it does a few more things than my Galaxy Tab did. It is kinda pricey but its good.
RF6385ZCLZF6Y	5.0	Ipad 4	1	1	it was good, i like it very much, next time i will your items again. Have a nice weekeend. Thanks
RXAH8DXKM8GV8	5.0	Fast, fast, fast	0	0	I have had an IPad 2 for the past 2 years, which I liked. I decided to upgrade, but did not see any great advantage to getting and IPad Air for the extra bump in money. We live very rural with no internet access, only the 3G on the iPad. I thought the slow download on the 2 was because of our setting - videos were out, pictures took a long time - so when we got the iPad 4, I was pleasantly surprised! We can watch videos, download stories and generally just peruse the internet while not putting it down and doing something else while it loads! The picture is marvelous, clear and sharp! I did not think that would be so important but does make for good reading. Overall, very glad I made the purchase.
R3LZEUU9VPLD70	5.0	Amazing. We love it. THE ONLY TABLET TO EVER BUY! Imitators can't even come close.	0	0	Amazing. We love it. THE ONLY TABLET TO EVER BUY! Imitators can't even come close. Incredible battery life super fast and responsive you can feel the quality once you hold it in your hand the RETINA DISPLAY is AMAZING!!!! Never go back to a regular display after using it with apple TV you can steam content from your iPAD to your TV in real time. Pictures, Movies, music, games etc... I would recommend this tablet to ANYONE. You can't go wrong with this device. You will NOT be disappointed. Their is a reason why Apple is the industry leader and it's because of devices like this. Don't fall for cheaper imitators and look a likes. Nothing compares to the iPad.
R3JV5QUZZMCU0U	4.0	1st apple product I've bought & they've won me over ...	0	0	I've had my ipad for about a month now and I have to say I'm very pleased. This is the 1st apple product I've bought and I have to admit they won me over and I finally found out what all the fuss was about. It's easy to use and figure out. I can do a lot of fun things on it like read my books, play on Facebook, Pinterest and use all my favorite apps (as long as I have a wifi connection) and check my email and calendar. I like it's size bc it's easy on the eyes. I also bought a wireless keyboard so I can do my blogging and other things that require a lot of typing and found it very useful. So far, I like it and I'm really enjoying it. I can't wait to get an iphone so I can sync my devices together.
R30T0D42IYOJI6	5.0	One of My Favorite Things	0	0	This is my second iPad. I have the iPad 2 wifi only and decided to get the iPad 4th generation with a data plan. It's great, just what I need when wifi isn't available. The battery seems to last longer, the power cord is the same as the iPhone 5c, which has a better fit than the power cord on the ipad 2. The old power supply kept breaking, this new one seems to have a better fit, much less likely to break. What can I say about the iPad? Well, it's one of the best things I've ever purchased. My laptop isn't used very much anymore except for downloading pictures. I use the iPad on a daily basis, it does nearly everything the computer does but in a handier way. Carry it everywhere like a notebook.
R1K8KIM1VVQMX6	5.0	Perfect	0	0	Superb in every respect. Best thing I ever brought. Sold my iPod touch 5g and Sony 42 inch led tv to justify cost and feel I came out ahead. I like this thing a lot. Had it a month now. Likin it more than ever. Once you go Retina, you can Never go back. Far as I am concerned, my laptop can sit in that pawnshop til it rots away to nothing. I'm not sure i can or will eer back to that hunk of garbage. A 350 dollar hp I bought brand new in auGust 2011, and eighteen months later, one hour of use and it gets hot enough to fry bacon on. Piece of junk. Ad I believe it's truly the only time in life I had a problem with electronic item. Cuz I don't use them too much. Te ipad has been awesome.
R119YG8S1LVUEF	5.0	Ipad 4 and more!	0	0	I was very impressed with the Ipad 4, but it was for a friend. After I set it up for her and learning basic operating skills, I turned it over to her. My kindle is fine for my needs and I recommended that my friend purchase the new Ipad because of reliability and customer service. After checking the reviews on the other pads, I felt the Ipad 4 was worth the purchase and since my friend could afford it, why not? She took a while to navigate around her Ipad and thanks to her gal friend who has the same, she should have many hours of pleasurable usage. Personally, I find it too much for me when my laptop can do all, but there are those who need all the new things and I say enjoy.
R18GPKVZVKAB9X	5.0	NICE FOR TRAVEL	1	1	VERY NEAT GADGET - COMING FROM PC LEARNING CURVE A LITTLE STEEP BUT THE GRANDKIDS SCHOOLED ME!
R1N8TBASWLM6EM	2.0	Not a great deal	0	0	There was a reason this was returned and refurbished in the 1st place. While I do not know why it was returned originally, I can tell you this has not been returned to original factory specs. The battery will last about a 1 day with moderate use, a 1-1/2 days with light use and less than a day with heavy use and it charges slowly. This morning it just shut off and would not power on, it still had 30% battery life. Cosmetically this is fine, it is in great looking condition, no scratches on the screen no damage to the case, the buttons all work, but performance wise this is not meeting my expectations and I will probably have to replace it. When I do, it will be with a new one.
R1CU6IDUF3QIYN	5.0	Bought used and it was just like new. I have no problems with my purchase	1	1	Bought used and completely happy. Just kid new. I have no problems and I am 100 percent happy
R3B770YF3G6KE7	5.0	Love my iPad	1	1	Thank you very much. I am in love with my new iPad. Fast delivery to my door. Thank you guys
R1Q4R0XZNXVN1V	5.0	This is just I what I need!	0	0	The quality of the item exceeded my expectations, honestly. As far the product itself, I really enjoy it everyday. I'm not a basic user. That is, I wasn't looking for a tablet just to surf the internet or listen music like many people do. They look for all these expensive items, and never use all its potential. An iPad is a real powerful tool. You can automate tasks, help you organize yourself, save on text messages, calls, learn through downloadble apps, etc. All this in a single item. If you're looking for a tablet to just surf the internet, listen to music, facebook, just buy something else. The power and potential of the iPad doesn't deserve to be on standby forever.
R14IILJGK8J16F	5.0	Exceeds my expectations.	0	0	This used iPad is really functioning well. I have even been able to update to the new iOS that was released in fall of 2015. I have heard others say that you should only buy used and refurbished iPads from Apple however I haven't had any issues yet. It just works. Initially, I bought this iPad to learn iOS operations (for work) because I predominantly use Android devices. Also I made the purchase to mix audio from the stage with a new digital mixing console made by Allen & Heath. I find that while I'm at work and I need to be efficiently productive, the iPad is definitely the way to go. However, in my personal life the customization of Android still reigns supreme.
R1BLKJMDQ87EN	1.0	Do not purchase from this vendor	10	15	I ordered a new iPad air and received an iPad 4. It was the classic bait and switch. I only shopped for the new air and only saw that air was missing when I received the confirmation email. It still stated Newest Version, but that was not true. I am in the process of returning it. The woman who helped me at Amazon was amazing and extremely helpful and friendly.
R16WQ9QLKS3M5G	1.0	TWO Thumbs Down won't hold charge	0	0	This Apple ipad is frustrating !!! It won't charge 90% of the time. I have tried every suggestion in forums to "fix" the problem. I live over 50 miles from an Apple store, I bought the big screen thinking I could use it for How To videos . When it has held an occasional charge videos start and start. My little iphone4 does so much better. But with failing eyesight I thought a bigger screen would be perfect, well unless you want to constantly deal with problems forget this ipad. Oh one more thing uploading the ios9 has created problems for a lot of people. Unless you are a techi well versed in repair Stay Clear of this one . :-(
R2RPV0B38NTTSI	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	My iPad is exactly as described, arrived when expected, and functions perfectly. Thank you!
R1MQURFTTXBNQB	4.0	One of the best purchases of the year	0	0	Love it! Have wanted one for a while so I waited for the "honeymoon" to be over before I gave a review. First, the retinal display is marvelous. Pictures are so clear...photos, both those received from others and photos I take with the iPad are clear and crisp. The keyboard is easy to use and emails and websites come up quickly. After about a month I still have so much to learn (ie there is so much the iPad 5 has to offer). The iPad will not replace your computer. If. I'm traveling for a week or so I can do with only the iPad. Longer than that I feel like I have to take my laptop as well. It's a personal preference. Others may feel differently
RO1KL7EW8JWGK	5.0	Great Quality	0	0	I got my iPad this past Christmas (2012) as a gift from my parents. Overall, it is very good. I recommend students to buy an iPad and a SmartCase instead of a computer, because it is way easier to transport my iPad around than our family laptop. If you do digital art, I recommend an iPad because (from my personal experience) I've had a much easier time doing my art on my iPad than on my iPod touch. I will warn you that you do not want the screen to be as bright as it can be, because your battery will drain quickly. Also, be careful about the apps you buy and how many photos you have because the more GB are used on your iPad, the faster the battery will drain.
R36D37D5S4DXQE	1.0	Worst Amazon experience ever	2	3	Terrible terrible experience. The first and only Horible experience I ever had with an Amazon purchase. Amazon functioned as a distributor for "Leeordeals". I thought I was buying a product from Apple shipped by Amazon. We received an iPad that must have been a returned foreign manufactured knock-off. There were already 370 saved photos, functionality such as return to original factory settings removed, strange Apps were already loaded, unable to load apps from apps store. I am concerned that it corrupted my network. From now on I'll buy only directly from Apple.
R24IIZVJHEJ8Z9	5.0	... thing down and the whole family enjoys using it great price great	1	1	I can't put this thing down and the whole family enjoys using it great price great product
R163J8Q2W70C9E	5.0	Ipads are superior to adnroid tablets by far	1	1	Bought this for my Mom. She loves it!!! Ipads are superior to adnroid tablets by far!!!
RW8270CNTLFUN	5.0	I thought I would like an iPad	0	0	I thought I would like an iPad...I was wrong. It was love at first sight. The display is amazingly detailed, intuitive and responsive. One of the main reasons I bought this iPad is because my vision is not what it used to be and I can't really see everything on my iPhone without enlarging the text. It's portable enough, but not heavy and bulky like my full size laptop. This generation of iPad is a great value, as I see no benefit in spending more for a thumb print reader, Apple pay or heartbeat monitor, etc... I might lose out on some processor speed, but you can't beat the price. One of the best purchases I've made and I would highly recommend.
R58NR1HGJXSPV	5.0	Happy	0	0	You won't find an in depth review here as I am not qualified to give a technical rundown of this product. This is our second tablet but our first ipad. We had great success with a Galaxy Tab 2, but this is certainly a step or two above. We had points to use so we decided on a generation 4 device and opted for the 64GB over the 16 or 32GB. Retina display is outstanding. I am not a technology junkie by any means and have always tried to purchase Samsung products, but I am really glad we chose the ipad. I even called support on a minor issue and they were very timely, knew what I needed, and were very friendly. Hope to get a lot of use out of it.
R3I0L5ZNVMWZTJ	5.0	It's an iPad!	1	1	It's big and square and flat and has an apple on it and runs iOS! IT'S AN IPAD! OMG LOL
R7AX0V0V0UTGW	5.0	Love my "old" iPad 4 !	0	0	I received my iPad 4 as a Christmas present in 2012. I LOVE IT! Couldn't live without it. Besides all the characteristics of its easily use and portability it is a very sturdy piece of electronic. Definitely will never replace a laptop but almost, very close. The only thing is that my device lost its price, the price my husband paid almostt two years ago was little more than $500 now its value is $380 (!!!). I wanted to upgrade it for the iPad Air 2 but I dont think the difference i have to pay would be worthy since mine works perfectly. The only thing I'd suggest is if you can afford it go for the 32 or 64 gb. Worthy!
R21V442ZXVNS52	5.0	a good product	1	1	good, good and good! i need this when my ipod needed to rest after a whole day at work
RPP4E6WQJY2XR	4.0	Excellent Tablet for the Mac User	1	1	works as expected as an Apple product, works well, great display crisp . . . . . . . .
R7CNRYC55NCNY	4.0	I love my iPad	1	1	I love my iPad! I just wish a protection plan came with it, as I was told it would.
R1KAHOLB1N8UB1	5.0	works like a charm	1	1	It was a refurbished unit, looked brand new, works like a charm, very happy with it
RGEMWF74UCHSW	5.0	Best Gift For Myself ever	0	0	I love this iPad. I do poodle rescue & use this to post photos & videos of the dogs. It will do just about anything. I downloaded Kindle onto it & now can read books too. This is the best tablet I've ever had & I love Apple's customer service. There are so many things you can do with this tablet and they update it constantly. The battery last a very long time. I bought the cover with the keyboard but soon realized I didn't need the keyboard & took that part off. They have so many apps and IF I had time, I'd play on it a whole lot more than I do. My only regret is I didn't get an Apple sooner.
RD78QN7JMRLZ9	5.0	Buy the new iPad Air. The 4th gen iPad was great but is now discontinued	2	3	The iPad with Retina (4th gen) was a really nice tablet but it felt very heavy in your hands. I prefer the full size display rather than the iPad Mini for my own needs, and would certainly recommend the Retina devices. However, I'm writing this review AFTER the iPad Air was released and I strongly urge you to buy the iPad Air if you are considering a full-size iPad. The new model is noticeably lighter, thinner and it is nearly 1 inch more narrow. This change in width makes a huge difference when you thumb-type.
R2AKO4NVFGJRX0	3.0	Power is always running out a d initial set up instructions are lacking	2	3	when we first got the IPAD for my wife we tried to set it up ro access our home net work. I searched settings for the MAC address so I could establish the connection but I was unable to find it. I ended up opening my network security to estatblish the connection. Instructions would have been nice or at least thet could have provided a printed MAC setting. My wife is also always complaining that the IPAD after being fully charged it does not last long. It only last less then 6 hours with frequent use
R2B4DO2499IID8	5.0	I love it, but it's not a replacement for a computer	0	0	I love this product, but I hate that it does not work with Flash. We bought this thinking we could use this instead of a computer, but it's a hassle not having Microsoft Office. I'd like to be able to plug a stick drive into this, too, but it doesn't have one. Also, it can't hook up to my printer to print things. Well, maybe the iPad could do all these things mentioned above, but I'm not sure how to do it all. Also, i wish i could have multiple apps open at once. Other than that, it is fast, it is easy to use and the display is amazing. It works amazingly with the Apple TV.
R2ZJBYVLM7K32O	5.0	Enjoyable little machines	0	0	I have always used PC and windows products, so when I finally bought a used iPad for the kids here on Amazon, I was very skeptical. Oh boy - and am I hooked now! These little machines are so slick, easy to use, functional, fast and fun. I love the iPad!. And mine arrived in like new condition with no scratches or problems at all. The battery lasts all day with use, the screen is clear with vivid colors and the ease of use just makes it really fun to read, scroll, watch movies, listen to music, handle your accounts and do whatever it is you do. Now I am buying another one for myself.
R3OE5K0PY0SDNP	5.0	More than I hoped	0	0	I have owned an iPad first generation for several years and used it mostly when I traveled. I saw other people using their camera equipped iPads and thought I might like that and the ability to use FaceTime away from home. I was more than pleased with this latest version of Apple's iPad. The display is amazing. I find that I use it all the time, at home as well as away from home. I love doing a back up in the Cloud. The transfer using Cloud from my old to new iPad was effortless. With in a couple of minutes everything I needed, apps, contacts and music was ready to go.
R2RXG0EX6RTEX7	5.0	Apple iPad 4 with Retina Display	0	0	Even though the iPad I purchased is two years old, I am really satisfied with the product. I am new at these types of innovations...starting out with a KindleFireHDX. My hands on experience has been a journey that is very fulfilling. There are many resources, on line, to learn about the iPad. There is also a program that is built in on the iPad. I recommend an iPad to anyone who wants to increase their knowledge of computers that don't require a lot of hardware. ....oh yes..Apples' help/customer service also has helped me, a newbe, with much patience and guidance. Thanks!!
R1BD1EWJW8WPIM	5.0	Improvement from the older ones.	0	0	As soon as I got this iPad, I updated it to the newest version, since I have read other users had headaches with the older OS with the 3D look. So far, it works great. No headaches. As with all the iPads, the touch works great, very responsive, does not lag or anything. One major improvement I noticed when comparing this to the older ones (I had all the older iPads) the speaker seems much louder. This was a big problem with the older ones, especially watching videos. I had to really listen closely, and read lips to figure out what was being said. This is loud and clear.
R1V70SUQQRQDUJ	5.0	I'm loving it	0	0	I picked this iPad up as a Christmas gift to myself. I have been looking to upgrade from a toshiba thrive. After looking at several tablets I decided to go with the iPad. Let me say there are several nice options from Samsung and google as well as other tablets that may do a few things better. Overall the iPad is the best tablet on the market as of right now. I use it everyday from listening to music and podcast to watching movies and reading various news articles. The screen resolution is amazing the sound is nice and strong. I would recommend it and if possible get at least 32g
R33EEGP40E754M	5.0	Very pleased with purchase and shipping of item	1	1	Everything was as advertised. Very pleased with purchase and shipping of item.
R24QWCMOI3SQC6	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This has been my first Apple product and I'm glad it has worked so well for me.
R3N6EYRE23NV8V	5.0	They love it and easy to understand	1	1	Used as a gift for beginner tablet users. They love it and easy to understand.
RPHN6H3SH45P8	5.0	Nice product.	1	1	Love the iPad. Really wish there was more space available. M m m m m x x x x x
RWBAGIUB40Q2P	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I am very pleased with this iPad. I use it a LOT and have really enjoyed it.
R2D6C0ZPXJ4OG5	5.0	Great	1	1	Great product, love the speed and ease of use. What I would expect from apple
R2T6KDL7CU8MH8	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Awesome! The seller had packaged as if new and everything works as promised.
R1JP7OE1FNEE9Z	4.0	best price	1	1	best price I found for this item. Of course in 6 months it will be obsolete.
R6YMOBTW3LSUX	4.0	To soon to tell	1	1	I am still learning how to use it, so I will let you know more in the future
RT4BJR9UTR0EU	3.0	Answer the Questions	0	0	the iPad purchased Sept 2014 worked just fine until a few days after January 31,2015 when warranty expired now I'm stuck with a unit that is not working. When a customer ask you questions about a product it is in your best interest to answer them. Don't just say buy with confidence, advice which I followed and now I'm regretting it, you don't inspire any kind of confidence at least not in my case....... again to clarified I like the iPad I think apple make good products I'm not very pleased with the way questions are side step just to make a sale.
R8MIQST0WD1KB	4.0	I bought a Lighting Digital AV adapter to connect this IPad to my HD TV and use it as a dual screen and it has been amazing to w	0	0	I got this iPad really fast after purchased, the "retina display" is really something. You can see a big difference between the image in this device and any other display. I bought a Lighting Digital AV adapter to connect this IPad to my HD TV and use it as a dual screen and it has been amazing to watch movies and videos. With the right apps I've turned into a great business tool without the annoyance of carriying a big device. This was my first iPad and it took me a while to get to know all of its properties, but once I did, its worth your money.
R3PBZFUH4E5DEI	5.0	Way cool	0	0	I haven't used it. It was a present for my 7 year old daughter. She digs it and has become an expert with it. She's downloaded a lot of free and has a great time. She even put Skype on it and video chats with grandma and grandpa in Japan. She can walk around with it and show them what everybody is doing. The only drawback is that she's figured out how to connect to NetFlix. Now, My Little Pony music can be heard all over the house. On the up side, the ending theme song for My Little Pony in Japan is done by HKT48 so that is really cool.
R158OWSP9DWG1O	3.0	he told me too bad- it is a non-4s--Wi-Fi ONLY UNIT-- a terrible $699. 00 + $27	2	3	once again-- KNOW YOUR PRODUCTS!!!!!!!!! Amazon / distributers WILL NOT TAKE IT BACK IF YOU OPEN THE BOX OR REMOVE THE CEPHELOPHANE!!!!! I THOUGHT I was ordering a dual (4s and Wi-fi) -- not the case it was only Wi-fi applicable ((I took it to my Verizon store UNOPENED where the technician was going to program it to link with my iPhone)) When the box was opened..he told me too bad- it is a non-4s--Wi-Fi ONLY UNIT-- a terrible $699.00 + $27.00 Fed-Ex shipping mistake
RP2WSAKJJD257	4.0	Brand new at half the price!	0	0	Honestly, I was a little nervous about purchasing a refurbished product like this, and I am happy tomwrte that there was nothing to be nervous about! Works beautifully right out of the box, no snafus whatsoever, literally like a brand new device. It would have earned an overall five star rating if the charging cable that was included worked. Otherwise, the device itself is a five star. Update: After a quick email to Amazon customer service, the power cord issue was resolved in less than 24 hours. Once again, impressed with Amazon's customer service!
RW4P3FQKGW7MA	5.0	Great	1	1	Works very well. This product does what it is supposed to do, and is nice.
RCC78K6JRX4MB	5.0	Wonderful purchase	1	1	Wonderful iPad! It meets my everyday needs and I enjoy the retina display.
RRG8E2K6X128J	1.0	Garbage	0	0	I purchased this iPad less than a year ago. By six months, the FB features stopped working. I cannot view new messages. By 8 months, the iPad was adding extra letters into everything I typed. Now, at 10 months, the aps do not work. You can point to them and they will open for about a second then slam shut. I am very disappointed both by the poor quality of the product and amazon service which allows me to call tech support, but not complain about a really crappy product. My local apple store says I just got a junky version. Lucky me!!
R2M6BKIQKYYJUK	1.0	It might be working great but perhpas you paid for a deffirent item	0	0	i will just say....dont forget to check your ipad specification. It might be working great but perhpas you paid for a deffirent item. I purchased a 64gh and i received a 14 gh and of course even i told the store to please place the purchase item aside the store agreed to it and then... came with excuses that they where not aware of what was in the box and they dont want to buy from that manufacturer anymore. Well even if that story was true, a good store will check the merchandise before sending to customer no? so i dont recommend this store
R1N0AF9X1HNROT	2.0	Hasn't been a month. Won't charge past 4%	0	0	As the first Apple product I've ever owned, I was pretty excited. I've worked with iPads before, and they generally are known for long-batteries, great portability for getting things done, etc. This one works alright, but it started taking longer and longer to charge. Then, one day, it just stopped. I lifted it after six hours of charging, and it was still at 4% battery. It won't go past 5- I've plugged it in, and it says that it's not a certified charger. I've tried to turn it off, tried different cords and setups. No dice. Get a newer one?
RFNYR78ALES9	5.0	Love!	0	0	I have been trying to decide on iPad or new laptop. I researched both and I believe this is perfect for me. I am in my forth year of college and have four more of pharmacy school. I will need to take with me to class and library. I also bought a keypad and printer that is compatible with my iPad. All is easy to use and does everything my laptop did. I feel like I made the right decision! I highly recommend the iPad! But be sure and get a protection plan! Hope I don't have to use it but better safe than sorry! (Parents won't buy me another.)
R14WI5AS87W17R	5.0	From PC back to Mac	0	0	I gave up my Mac years ago when I moved to Italy. The service here then was very hard to find. Now I have gone back with my Ipad and it is just perfect. What is with Itunes ? They keep telling me that all my credit cards are not valid in Italy. I have been living here and using Amex and Visa, both debit and credit cards for seventeen years. They refer me to my card providers and the card folks say they don't understand the problem. What good is this wonderful machine if I can't get Itunes to let me use my account? Norman Rhoads
RZZ7V31D1FILW	5.0	White Apple iPad (Used) 16GB, Wifi, with Verizon Cellular	0	0	I love my iPad. At first I was torn as to whether to get an Ipad or laptop. Considering my needs, I decided to get an iPad. It functions exactly as I expect. It's portability makes it useful when at home and travelling. I generally use for it browsing the web, imessage, email, skype and facetime. I don't have many apps, videos or music and at present am only using 2GB. I also got Apple TV and can easily connect to my TV (once I got the Apple TV up and running) through my iPad. I highly recommend iPad.
R2STP1UMG7K3EL	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Good value and shipped speedily. A life changeling purchase. Recommended.
R3UDYFSGV2HEVL	5.0	iPad 4th Generation with Retina Display	0	0	I sold my Samsung Galaxy Tablet 7.0" and got the iPad 4th Generation with Retina Display. I love the iPad for the clearest resolution display and simple usage. Simplification of use is the best there is. There is no lag on the iOS6. The A6X chip is fast. The Wi-Fi connection is 10-times faster than other Android tablets out there. The Safari browser loads in seconds. The sound is also clearer and volume control is loud. The ease of navigation is simple. You cannot go wrong with the iPad with the Retina Display.
R2S8PEOWIP2VV2	5.0	Never had an iPad before - I love it!	2	3	So, this is my first iPad. I had waited and waited until I just couldn't do it anymore! Plus there were so many fellow parents telling me about this great learning app on their iPad for their kids.... My 5 year old son loves it! I put a bunch of games and educational stuff on their and he tools around and really loves it! It is very easy to use, mine arrived nicely packaged and I was able to set it up immediately. I would absolutely recommend this to others.
R29WRHTO0Q1C34	4.0	love my IPAD	0	0	So we have had this almost 6 months and we did alot of research. Between androids & Ipads and then Ipad 4 versus 5 and we finally decided to get this one used and if we liked we would get a 5. we're happy with it however one small problem we have daily issues with this thing charging we lost the original cord and had to replace the cord which didn't help..Because now the cord we have charges it but the plug piece has to be in a certain way or it doesn't charge. We probably will sell this in the near future to eventually get a new one
R1QMG511RVF40L	5.0	My 2nd iPad	0	0	I purchased my first iPad over a year ago - what was that? the iPad 2, I think? I used it every single day and loved it...but my husband was starting to get jealous. Even though he had a laptop, he wanted a tablet, too. So, like any good husband, he bribed me. I could get a brand new iPad if he could adopt my older one. DEAL!!! So now I'm the proud owner of the iPad with Retina display. I will tell you.....I really don't notice much of a difference between this one and my older one. But, I still love it!
R29TVO7TJT1WR2	5.0	A Must Have Addition to the iFamily	0	0	I love it! It's very thin and lightweight so I can easily slip it into my bag to bring it everywhere. I thought once I had the iPhone and iPod, I really wouldn't need the iPad, but boy was I wrong. It can easily be addictive. I take it with me everywhere to check my email, write reminders, play games, show (fantastic) photos, swipe credit cards, watch YouTube, write notes & texts, read books; it even runs SmartNotebook software (my teaching tool). It's easy to bring along, fits almost anywhere and like I said before, I love it!
R3MM4O38KE7GOJ	5.0	5 Stars every time!	1	1	Quick Delivery, Great product, and an awesome price. 5 Stars every time!
R2LZEU3VM29W0G	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love the ease of use. Set up was very easy. It is very fast. Love it!!
R1FRPLMFN83KXG	4.0	Pleased With My Purchase	0	0	Since this is my first tablet and first experience with an Apple product .. Seems to be working fine. I wished it came with some written instructions/manual but have managed to work my way through the initial phases of operation. Did reach out to seller and they quickly responded to answer my question. Handy for using in the kitchen for reading recipes and to place in my handbag when needed for meetings and such. Considering this product has been sold to me as refurbished I am satisfied with condition and functionality.
R2XZQVK92X4QBZ	5.0	It has unlimited uses from work to fun. My son has had his for a year ...	0	0	I bought this for my son for college because I use mine for so much. The picture is sharp. I've gotten some fabulous pictures although indoor pictures with lower lighting get a little grainy. It has unlimited uses from work to fun. My son has had his for a year and I've used mine daily for the past 2+ years. The only problem I've encountered has been the charger has had to be replaced and even though other brands of chargers state compatible I've not found that to be true. Overall though I'd highly reccomend the iPad.
R2ITFZ5JKDJOQJ	5.0	very happy have considered buying a second	1	1	Whole family loves it...very happy have considered buying a second one
RDQ8ZV55LWALC	1.0	Very disappointing	2	3	This item was advertised as new. It has been six months since I bought it. It started "ghost typing", opening apps on its own and madly flipping through pages in ebooks I was reading. I took it to our local PeachMac store since it was still under warranty. Apple will not honor the warranty and replace it because it was used, had had Apple diagnostics on it and the back cover on it is not an Apple product but a knock off. Beware!
R38EAI6XXWIFYW	4.0	This is a must-have internet device	0	0	The iPad is my go-to device for internet connectivity. It connects seamlessly to the WiFi signals in all of my regular haunts and runs very quickly. My granddaughters give it a real workout when they visit, playing games and watching Netflicks. It has only one significant flaw in my estimation: While I have a lot of reading material that I access on the iPad, it is not suitable for outdoor or high-light usage - no reading, writing or playing games while the granddaughters play at the park.
R2JU79V9NNX0RY	5.0	Love my new Ipad	2	3	I have to say, I've gone a long time without an Ipad and watched everyone having fun with theirs... Now It's my turn! I love the new Ipad with Retina display. I also love the lightening connector which is super easy to plug in and out without worrying about the direction of the connection. Weight is a bit heavier than previous Ipad versions, but personally, I can deal. I couldn't be more satisfied with this purchase.
R343CZMOXHKXNW	5.0	Device was great! Seller was not.	0	0	Although I had a horrible experience with one of the sellers whom I bought an iPad from here on Amazon, the product is great. It's durable, sturdy, and I don't feel like I'm going to drop it. The sound quality I can't say the specifics on, but compared to the iPhone 5s is about 80% louder and definitely clearer. The screen retina display makes for a perfect picture when watching Netflix, YouTube, or even video ads. I love it. It's everything I could have hoped for and more! Highly recommend.
R17816BJH99P36	5.0	High Quality IPad	0	0	I purchased this IPad to give to my wife as a gift a year ago. She uses it endlessly for anything and everything. Her laptop gets very little use anymore. The screen is a bit fragile, and Apple wants an arm and a leg to replace the glass if it breaks. A high quality case is a wise investment, not only for ease of use, but for protection from breakage. These things are expensive, but well worth the money if you use a computer much or require portability. No more laptops on vacation!
R2W8YE2HPR8AG0	5.0	Still the best tablet	0	0	I was looking for a replacement for the 2 year old original iPad and looked at a number of Android tablets as well as Windows 8 tablets. In the end decided to go with iPad 4 and feel it was a good decision. The screen is amazing, the overall experience with the device is much improved compared to the original iPad. Transferring content and apps from the old device to the new one was painless, everything transferred perfectly except for one odd weather app which had to be reinstalled.
RSWJTRKXQ3372	5.0	Thumps Up/Great iPad	0	0	Excellent iPad, especially for the price (previously had a 2nd generation 16GB iPad, which does not compare to this 4th Gen. model) This unit is everything as described. Glad I was home at around 8:00 PM when delivery (on time) was made because package was just left at our door without a nock/door bell being rung. However our dog heard the delivery man and his bark alerted me accordingly. Scary considering all of the "doorstep theft's" being made during the Christmas season.
R243723Z96I3PN	4.0	A Most Elegant Electronic Device	0	0	I bought this ipad as a birthday gift for my wife. I don't personally use Apple stuff but was none the less impressed with this device. It was extremely easy for my wife to set up and sync with her iphone. She has not had any problems with it whatsoever, the screen is beautiful, and I didn't have to do anything technical for her. (I'm the tech guy in the family) Birthday done, wife stoked, totally easy. My only complaint, the device is a bit pricey. It's an Apple product, nuff said.
R2SK00OEKJQEZP	4.0	Apple iPad with Retina Display	2	3	I am unable to give a report because of age and loss of memory because of a stroke. I was not aware that I would have so much to do to make it enjoyable. I was hoping to be able to read a book and apply what I have read. I have the Dummy Book for iPad. It is great reading but I probably have lost far more than I thought I did. I will not give up because I think it will help me if I can do a few things.
R150TZ7BAE028U	5.0	In love with it!	0	0	I am so happy I finally have my iPad and I am glad I waited until the iPad 4. It was easy to set up as I just used my iphone info. The retina display is easier on my eyes and makes my phone look extra small. Service: ups took my package to the wrong address. I am really thankful amazon sends texts. I called UPS. I was on hold for 10 minutes, but they got hold if the driver. He went and retrieved my package. It also took almost 2 weeks to receive after I had ordered.
R24MFL536Q8JY7	5.0	Looking forward to having lots of fun with this	1	1	Very impressive! Looking forward to having lots of fun with this!
R8RU6G0BQQKFC	5.0	Definitely worth the price!	0	0	After searching for a long time to find a decent price for a Gen 4 iPad, I was excited to find one available for about $200, especially compared to other companies and sellers. The device arrived when they said it would and I'm thoroughly enjoying this device. It runs every app I've used with little to no difficulty. From browsers to games, note-taking to social media, my iPad has done everything I have asked it to do. If this is a refurbished iPad, the seller did a fantastic job!
R3GZ1EJG155GTN	5.0	very pleased	0	0	This is our first iPad and we love it. The Retina display is sharp and clear. Love Facetime-ing with our granddaughter. So much easier than other video chat tools we've used in the past. Camera does a very nice job too. Be aware that the iTunes default is to automatically charge for in-app fees. You may want to disable this immediately as we were warned to do, especially if you have children using it. We actually disable all stores and only enable them when we need to use them.
R2MLPPNMIEHVBN	5.0	What is there left to say?	0	0	This is an iPad. It works wonderfully as such. It makes for a lousy Android tablet. It has good battery life, but is not a good replacement for batteries generally. The retina display is crisp, but compares unfavorably with a frosty autumn morning. It's too heavy too be a replacement for your kindle, but would be a wonderful alternative to avoid carrying around a complete encyclopedia. If you like Apple products you will love it. However, I do not recommend baking it into a pie.
R1Z3GV5ZLQ7D43	5.0	Fantastic. This is a great iPad	0	0	I had my doubts and was really hoping for the best when I ordered a "Used" iPad 4. But it came with all the original equipment, didn't have a mark on it, and has been functioning flawlessly since I got it. I would have preferred the seller would have let me know that a signature was required to receive it (I had to get a friend to hang out at my house for the afternoon while I was at work to sign for it). But, other that that annoyance, I am very happy with the product.
RWUR0ZGMWJ5C6	5.0	Quality Tablet	0	0	I love the Android environment but the ipad is still the best tablet you can buy. ios feels a bit boring and outdated but everything runs so smoothly. Retina display is gorgeous and online browsing with Safari is just the best. And of course the thousands of apps available are a pleasure to use on this tablet. The build quality of the hardware is unmatched. There's nothing plasticky about this tablet. It's just plain solid. Well worth the $499 I spent on the 16 gb version.
RJ84QGBOBP8S1	5.0	IPad 4 - travelling light and efficient!	0	0	LOVE my new iPad. I've become so addicted that I carry it everwhere (fits in a medium-sized messenger bag with no problem). I back up to iCloud so I can share ALL my necessary info between my iPhone and my iPad. I've installed several productivity apps that come very close to replacing the Microsoft products I used on my laptop - and what a difference to routinely carry approximately 2 lbs of technology to and from work instead of the 7.5 lbs of my (13" screen) laptop.
R1HZT2PXQCMKTM	1.0	I am not sure whether I should rate it as 1 star, but	30	46	The fact is that I bought this on amazon as a gift to my wife as a bday gift. I ordered it on Monday night, it arrived on Thurs afternoon. Slightly slower than what I expected (I am amazon prime, so I have 2 day delivery free). But that is ok. The product was delivered in sealed condition with "original" package ---- at least I could not find any sign of previous usage or anything. Everything so far is so good. Then we started to initialize this Ipad. It gave me black screen for a short time, which I thought it was just normal --- probably it was loading something. And after that, it seemed to be normal all the way to the end of the setup phase. The next thing we do is to download google Chrome on it. It briefly showed a "shaky" "blurred" screen for a second or so. And then back to normal. Then we started to explore its functionality like taking pictures etc. The frequency of "shaky" screen by now increases. Then we tried to download some free games. After we downloaded the first free game (I do not remember which, our purpose was just testing) app, it went black. This time for 15 minutes or so. This time, I do not think it is normal any more. But after that, we were able to restart it. Just to find that it is now a norm of showing shaky screens all the time. And then we were browsing to find apple support using it. It is then the whole thing died. It won't come back any more. So we had to send it back. I do not know who I should blame the problem to, or just unlucky to hit this one.
R10L1Z768SV3HB	5.0	Love it	1	1	I'm soooo in love with my new ipad it's perfect and it came fast
R23PYS8YXCS6Q8	5.0	GREAT PRICE THAT CAN'T BE BEAT!!	0	0	My Hubby bought me this IPad 4 for Christmas 2012 and I love it! It's my first IPad ...to be frank we could never afford one before Amazon came out with this GREAT deal. It's so fast! We have a HP laptop that can do somethings that the IPad cannot like our IPhone5 and 4Gs but I rarley even turn my laptop on now... My Hubby also bought me the keyboard with WiFi (bluetooth) and that is just iceing on top ! You can't bet the price and the lighting fast IPad 4.
RR78TJH66Q440	5.0	Love it!	2	3	Was debating whether to get ipad with phone plan, but glad we got just the wifi ipad. Most places now have wifi, the service plans for iPads are soooo expensive (and of course most wifi is free), and u can download or rent movies that can be watched when no wifi is available (i.e car). Plus u can download a wifi finder so u don't have to HAVE wifi to find places where wifi can be accessed.
R39Y0EQVV8F7HY	5.0	My New Appendage	0	0	My iPad seems to be attached to me now, as I hardly ever put it down. My poor laptop is lonely and sad because I hardly ever touch it anymore. This thing does everything! The photos that it takes are much better than the ones I take with my camera. It's perfect for FaceTime with family that lives far away. So lightweight and easy to use. I don't use my kindle anymore either, since it's easier to read with the iPad. Can't say enough nice things about it! 
R3DFS30K7JBV6X	5.0	Awesome	1	1	Awesome - I love it. Great screen & fast. Will use for flying
R1OUBK06QKZTEB	5.0	Great Ipad from this Seller, just don't leave it in your Dr's office like I did..... Lol	0	0	Very good Ipad. All just as described. Quick shipping also. It was in virtually new condition. I enjoyed using it, until I took it with me to a doctor's visit @ Vanderbilt Hospital. I was using it in waiting room, then took it Dr's. Exam. Room with me. When the doc. entered room, I sat ipad on table beside my chair. When finished, I forgot and left it in the exam room. Next day I called and inquired about its whereabouts, of course no one had seen it!!
R28CNV9HQX2X52	5.0	Is there really any other choice?	0	0	Come on, buy one - you will love it! As with all Apple products, it holds its resale value - IF you ever want to sell it - It runs fast and smooth,vibrant colors on screen, little time require to turn it on, hop online and do your thing...about the only complaint I have is that it should come with a gorilla glass screen (putting on a screen cover or panzer glass is a PITA because its such a large area to cover without bubbles) and it could be lighter weight.
R2XRQXMH98UKSM	5.0	Wicked fast iPad with Retina Display, what is there not to love?	0	0	Oh my gosh, this thing is amazing! I bought it originally so I could read college textbooks, but I'm using it for everything now. Runs great with iOS 7, plays games/movies without any issues, is wicked fast, and the retina display is gorgeous. Pros: Retina display Plays games/movies flawlessly. Wicked fast Cons: Capacity, I can't store many HD movies on here - wish I saved a little longer and bought the 64gb version.
R2RZL6EJVML6O7	5.0	Love the ipad and it came in original packaging as ...	1	1	Love the ipad and it came in original packaging as described.
R3HU6E675XA4Y6	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Apple iPad is doing a great job. I am very satisfied with it.
RY92F36AYWUEW	5.0	You won't be sorry	1	1	Is everything I hoped for. I don't know why I waited so long.
R20HAU27QBT81A	3.0	Good for kids	4	6	This is a good tablet for the kids. They can do games and watch Netflix but it is not great for what I need. After being frustrated by its limitations, I purchased the Samsung Note 10.1 and found that I can do so much more on it. I am sure that Apple will catch up someday but for now it is just a toy for the kids.
RP21TYB9H82TQ	5.0	ENJOYING	0	0	Had a 1st generation IPad & wanted to upgrade. Do not have to have the very latest, so went with this 4th generation one. I do not download music & videos, so 16G is plenty for my needs. I am a 79 year old Grandma that has email and a Facebook account. I use the Hotspot on my IPhone to use the internet. I have a laptop, but rarely turn it on anymore. The IPad is easier to handle and faster. Arrived right on time from Amazon.
R3AZSI69SCTOU0	5.0	iPad 4. BUY IT!	0	0	It's an ipad with lighting connector. It works super fast and installing my verizon sim card from my ellipses was extremely painless. I popped it in and it was already reading, didn't even need to activate with verizon, the device just read as an ipad instantly! Saved a bunch of money not needing the ipad air but still wanting retina and lightning. HIGHLY recommend this for those of us wanting one and not wanting to pay through the nose!
R2M6Z0G0NMZM6Y	5.0	The best tablet there is.	0	0	What can I say, Apple continues to claim the market. This iPad 4 is perfect for my needs. I am not enough of a tech person to describe all it's attributes, suffice it to say, I tried 3 different types of tablets, and laptops, this one had everything I needed at 3/4 the price. It is light, holds a nice charge, has zillions of apps. I could go on. Stick with the iPad's and you will be happy with the money on your investment. Highly recommend.
R2YFP9U567QWJ7	5.0	Love it!	0	0	This is probably one of the best products I've ever bought. I wanted something that was lightweight and portable, and would replace my bulky laptop. This definitely is that. I was a little worried about having to pay for the apps, but there are tons of free ones out there. The only con i have is the keyboard. It's very tedious. If they put a regular keyboard on it, though, it wouldn't be the same product. I would buy another one in a heartbeat.
R3Q00SJ4ZPQP1D	3.0	Apple Ipad	2	3	One of the reasons I purchased the Ipad for my wife was so she could use Face time. We've had it for over 3 weeks and after calls and visit to Apple store have unable to get Face Time to work. We have tried at several different venues so that seem to rule out router problems. Heard rumor that Apple itself is having problems with "Face Time" Not too Happy!
R1AUZXO9SSK1RI	5.0	very cool	0	0	My first ipad! Yay..Love it. I got the 32gb and Im able to have all the apps i want so far. I use for educational purposes with students so i download a lot of apps for work, reinforcement, and fun. I have 96 apps so far and still have over 95% of my space avalible. I have some pretty big ones for gaming that i thought would take up some space but nope, still got a long ways to go. Anyhow love ipad way better than andriod for my use of it!
R10KTBHA1HZEGP	3.0	Problems regarding the script, ebooks, And AppStore	0	0	I'm just having problems with AppStore: I clicked in an app And found myself stuck in the page, I just couldn't gente out and search anymore because of that. Other thing I found annoying is to search on the web when needing the cyrillic script for example. I don't know how russians use iPad. Also the ebooks on iTunes Store are very expensive;it can't compete with kindle or nook, besides it has a bigger screen, it is much more expensive.
R1NG3DBG9WPUL1	5.0	Simply the best	0	0	I had the kindle fire hd and returned it 4x. My son said try the iPad. This was the best idea. He set it up and have not put it down since. The movies are so clear. The pictures look nice. Very easy to use and for some of us, me, that makes it even better. I am so glad I purchased this. This came a lot sooner than expected. Now where I am so is my iPad. I say try it and I am sure you will be as pleased as I am.
R1LRWWLS1Q72PM	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	For the price very good product does every thing we expect
R3MMRR7FU96PPN	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	My husband is pleased with his iPad. Glad I purchased it.
R27YO7M1TTGRX6	3.0	Why so expensive?	2	3	The iPads work better than most Apple products, but certainly are not worth the exorbitant price. Two good Android tablets can easily be bought for the price of a single iPad. Maybe not as good, but very, very close. Have used my wife's full-size iPad and sort of like it, but my first generation, 7-inch Kindle Fire is almost as capable and much cheaper.
R13GYV1WB05JTL	5.0	Perfect for multiple uses	0	0	We are very happy with our new iPad. We are able to download numerous applications that are helpful at home and away. I love the cooking app's that are available as we do a lot of our own cooking when traveling and having recipes available makes it so easy. It is also very convenient because it's size makes it easy to use around the house, outside when we are enjoying the weather, or if we are traveling. It is all we hoped for.
R2O6A9WDP6CI3T	5.0	Great purchase	0	0	Love the product, the price was great, the shipping was within reason given the time of year, I ordered early as this was a christmas gift and had it in plenty of time. the iPad is a great product, I purchased this for my husband as Ive had mine for over two years and love it, he was using a big bulky laptop and this is perfect for around the home for him, he loves to watch DIY videos etc. and the screen is nice size for this.
RQI0T6ZTI7WPC	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	I was told by Apple this iPad does not have a warranty 
R2OL4Y5IHRUST0	5.0	Very satisfied with Apple	0	0	When I got my I Pad the camera did not work. Contacted Apple, went to Apple Store and was told they would give me a new one but they had none on stock. However, they gave me a reference number and Apple sent me a new one. When I sent the one that did not work by UPS I got a new one in two days. Yes, I said two days. Very satisfied with Apple. You may pay a little more for Apple Products but they stand behind their products.
R2XEQC8WWAWO7D	5.0	I love it!	2	3	I was afraid of buying this because I wanted to buy the Apple Care product protection. After contacting Apple, I was told if the serial number doesn't come back clean, I won't be able to purchase the Apple Care. This was such a good deal I was scared it might not be true, but it was!! The IPAD was originally purchased at Target which is a certified seller of IPads. I was able to purchase my Apple Care just fine and I also saved 200.00 off the retail price of a 128gb! Fantastic deal and I am in love with my IPAD!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
R2UBVYRGAUU73T	5.0	Best in class... till 2013	2	3	After months of research and indecision, I bought a refurb iPad 3 from Apple right after the iPad 4 was announced, and then returned it / bought a new iPad 4 over Black Friday. I debated between the iPad 4, mini, Nexus 10, Transformer Prime, and Kindle Fire HD 8.9 (and the Surface tablet for about 5 seconds) and ended up going with the iPad. Here are my thoughts after a month with the iPad and testing the other tablets. Pros 1. Smooth user experience - I have a Galaxy S2 for my phone and had a 3GS before that, and though Android for phones is comparable to iOS, the iPad and iOS are seamlessly integrated to optimize load times, switching between apps, etc. while Android tablets sometimes lag 2. Battery life 3. More apps optimized for tablet / high resolution - everything on the mini looked fuzzy in comparison Cons 1. Weight - iPad is heavier than the Nexus 10 and more than 2x the mini 2. iOS is probably better suited for phones than for tablets, where android's customization / widgets would make for a better user experience The iPad has met my expectations. It's not perfect - lighter and more customization would be nice, but it's best in class for 2012, till the next set of product launches.
R3M37OIWTJ0GQP	5.0	Very pleased	0	0	I am really pleased with this ipad and am using it more than I expected. A big difference, of course, is the apps available in the Apple world. I read Investor's Business Daily, which has a great Apple app but none in the Android tablet world that I could find. (I have an Android tablet too.) The resolution is great. Very pleasantly surprised at that. I think this ipad is a deal financially too.
R188F7N36PYKXE	4.0	First Ipad	0	0	This is really a quality piece of electronics. I must admit there is a learning curve, but if you have an Iphone, its pretty much the same setup. Couldn't get some info from my PC transferred to my new Ipad, but technical support was very helpful. The only thing I am really disappointed about is the fact that Apple products don't support Adobe Flash, making it impossible to download some of my favorite internet sites.
RV5U5YNDMUESJ	5.0	Incredible Device.	0	0	This product is incredible item, i love it. I do not know how it works in the future, but it works so well now. It connects to the web as quick as lightning. After using for few months, the iPad is still working well, but the home charger had the problem. After 30 or 45 minutes, the charger was very hot, I must unplug it and wait until it was cool down and plug in again. It took so long for fully charge on my iPad.
R119MVZ2446PTM	5.0	Superior device	0	0	My first big Apple product...(have had an IPod for some time) Love the light weight wireless capability, operating speed, and graphics. A friend helped me get started using it. But instructions with it are good. Amazing difference in using compared with my laptop and it lasts much longer between charging. Should have listened to my children who have the same, but it was worth waiting for the IPad 4.
R2OWXCLX25Y0FP	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	can't get my e-mail to work. Trouble with new passcodes.
R13AQZOSX78ZM7	5.0	the picture is great, so very clear and sharp as I've watched ...	0	0	I'm so not a techie, however, I won this iPad in a Joke-a-thon at work. Never would have purchased one on my own. So since I'm not a techie, I can make it simple for you, the picture is great, so very clear and sharp as I've watched cable on it; and the sound is wonderful, clear and crisp, I've listened to Pandora on it. I know there's so much more I can do with it, and I'll have a blast trying to figure it out.
R1QUZO3HNBM199	5.0	Excellent iPad	1	1	Hey, it's Apple, you expect the best, you get the best.
R321GVTR26VKFW	5.0	LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT	0	0	I had an IPAD2 but wanted more GB so got this IPAD. The Retina display is amazing!! I have been taking pictures on my IPHONE with HRD....when you see them on the IPAD they are simply beautiful. Also any of the Apps that are in HD are terrific. I love the IPAD...so easy to,use but I am a little prejudice when it comes to Apple. We have IMACs..Air Books..mini IPads..IPhones..IPODS...what's not to love!???????
R1W5CAJXLNJR9P	5.0	I love my iPad and my mom loves her's too now	0	0	Nothing beats an iPad. I bought this iPad as a gift for my 75-year-old mother and she loves it. I bought a duplicate of this one for exactly twice the price only a little over a year ago for myself. Now that the iPad Air is out, these iPads have gone down in price. However, the iPad 4 is a powerful device and the Retina display much easier to use for reading. I love my iPad and my mom loves her's too now.
RI43V188ZZMK9	5.0	AMAZING!!!!!	1	1	AMAZING!!!!! Though takes longer than iPhone to charge
R3QEFKCN5Z4832	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It was a great buy, excellent shape, and a fair price.
R1V42DC9FG1ZPK	5.0	totally surprised and very happy!	1	1	a gift to my sister..totally surprised and very happy!
R5FSZ3PUQ4ESH	5.0	Perfect	0	0	This was a gift for my wife. she so wanted a tablet. I searched for a tablet for awhile before deciding on this ipad. It is wonderful.the colors are georgeuos. I do have one complaint though. I ordered a white one because this is what my wife was asking for. When it came the box said white but when she opened it , it was black she would not let me return it but she was visibly disappointed.
R3H67T0L4XC41	5.0	I pad tablet	0	0	I am very happy and excited with this purchase, I really enjoy using this item and do almost on a daily basis. The only issue is that I need more memory to store videos and pictures on it, but I have options to take care of that problem by storing software on my computer and laptop so I only keep the most recent items stored on my iPad. Over all it's a great product and really, really enjoy having it.
R3V412EHEUFWXZ	5.0	Finally Gave In and Bought an iPad!	0	0	I am so glad I finally gave into the urge to buy an iPad. I love the display quality, camera, sound and iCloud functions that sync to my iPhone and Mac. I still have a lot to learn, but really like it so far. I bought the Logitech Ultrathin Keyboard cover and love it also. I'm a keyboard fan and don't mind a compact feel. I carry them nicely in a Vera Bradley tablet sleeve. Excellent purchase!
R25V8R2K901ASE	5.0	one of the best purchases ive made	0	0	i'm a post graduate student and bought this ipad for school. it is a great educational tool and is worth every penny. i havent had any problems at all with my ipad from this seller. im not an apple geek and this is my only apple product, but i couldn't be happier with it. its great to be able to take notes and highlight on my textbook and class notes right on the ipad and have less to carry around.
R1XC46DG7TQ1N2	5.0	First time ipad user...	1	1	Great deal... much cheaper than Best buy!!! FOR SURE!
R3UZ35TJ5J6PM9	5.0	My lovely iPad	0	0	I was looking for a book reader to help me with my study. After long period of searching and trying different products I opt to choose the new iPad with retina display. It's great with all this word carry in meanings. Screen size is just right for everything you want to do with no restrictions. Apps are for everything, games, etc. I don't think there is anything wrong with this guy, love it.
R3CDAR9FWNX42G	3.0	Ehh	2	3	I rate it 3 because, i use to had the itouch second generation and I loved it! It had lots of space! But for my christmas gift I got this iPad. First i was really excited! but then i realizd that you couldnt have much apps, it took AGES for it to be completely charged! and i just dont like it as much as I did with my touch
R2O2XZ9MXIZ7KY	5.0	I have one so gave one to kids for wedding gift	0	0	I stewed over what to get them and then when I spoke with them they told me they were going to try to pick up a used iPad. Having used my 2 year old nephews older model I knew my tekkie kids would absolutely hate short the battery life so we splurged and got them this one. Best wedding gift they got! The display is fantastic and they are finding that, like me, they tend to take it everywhere.
R277TMQ83ZKXCU	5.0	No manuals or instructions - the product itself looks brand new and has easy set up with beautiful resolution	0	0	Shipped quickly , but I would have preferred a little more buffering . Came in a USPS box with a thin case board box inside . Also included was the cord to charge but no adapter - the cord is an after market brand. No manuals or instructions - the product itself looks brand new and has easy set up with beautiful resolution . Will update after trying it out . I am a HUGE fan of the ipad now .
R1ZCY8HNLWIYXF	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Got my iPad fast and was exactly what I was wanting.
R2L9II8JQPSUKH	1.0	Zero Star review	0	0	Zero Star rating. Less than 4 hours of having this product, it shut down by itself and wont turn on. I charged it for over an hour and still wont turn on. Tried to restore it using iTunes and iTunes gave me an error message. The seller doesn't accept returns or refunds, and there is no apple warrentee for this product. I'm forced to have a defective product until i can pay apple to fix it.
R1M5VT9GC4KC0X	4.0	iPad not as quick charging as I had hoped.	0	0	I have another IPad which charges fast and does not deplete the charge quickly.This one tKes an awfully long time to charge and seemingly does not hold the charge quite as long. So even though it is a newer model, I am disappointed about this problem.some features I like much better on the original IPad but I am willing to adjust to the newer model but had hoped for better charging system.
R3GEACVCRFZZ8X	4.0	Nice piece of kit	0	0	This is a nice piece of kit, the screen is amazing and photos and videos look really crisp, the OS seems stable and there are countless good apps and games in the appstore to keep you busy and entertained. Email works great and internet is great on a tablet. Bit of a hefty price tag tho. I found a great book on getting started with iPadsUsing iPad (Computer Training)
R6USRDMPKQ5X9	5.0	Does all I need it to	0	0	I can surf the web, take awesome pictures, all on an amazing screen. This thing can do so much, I can't put it all into one review. I can say that it's the perfect product for anyone. I loved my last generation (3rd) so much that I upgraded to this. The better front facing camera is a welcome addition, and I don't mind a faster processor either. The lightning port doesn't bother me.
R3AHHD9XS47DYV	5.0	Apple Ipad 4	2	3	Very good looking and convenient. Lots of free apps and wonderful for entertaining. i have a laptop but now use this much more especially for internet browsing. You can easily put it into sleep mode, put it aside and go to sleep when you are in bed. Its battery can last for days is another thing I love it so much.
R3JLWAYMWP0R90	5.0	Buy it!	0	0	It looks like a brand new iPad to me! No scratches, dents or cracks. No info from previous owner on it. Comes with conch information for the company it came from, so that gives me a sense of security. The charger had some writing on it, looked like the name of the previous owner in a perm marker, but that no big deal to me. I'd say buy it! It's a great deal and you won't regret it!
R3AB70W9EGHK5K	3.0	Never Received Ipad	0	0	Somethings amiss here, whenI saw the newest Ipad for $125 less than everywhere else I was suspicious, but thought with Amazon backing me uo I would be fine. I ordered it and they said it had shipped,, but the package was not tracking. About a month later after being annoyed (where is my Ipad) i did get a full refund, as I would expect from Amazon, but it was a bad shopping experience.
R1WHHK8GSQ2SPX	5.0	Loved It!!!!	0	0	It is awesome!!! The most fun and use I have ever gotten out of a product. If you are getting this product just for school, get a laptop. Although it is devise that is awesome for the go, it will not replace the functionality of a laptop. On the other hand, if you are looking for something to take notes on, serf the web, watch movies, and do some minor projects on, it is a can't miss.
RKWBOMAIOWCNY	5.0	Very happy	0	0	I love my new iPad 4!! I'm writing this review on it :) It was delivered quickly and the price was fair. The set up was a breeze. It is 100 times better than my old lap top, it's faster, and easier to carry around. The screen has a crisp image. I can do so many things on the iPad from surfing the net to watching videos and playing games. How did I ever survive without my iPad?
RNBNRWK4S1JXM	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Got it to fly my drone with it works great love it.
R24RHZAQL81TFD	5.0	My wife loves it and is showing more interest in trying new things	0	0	I bought this for my wife who has been having more problems with arthritis as she ages and would not come easily to the computer to look at her emails. Now I send them to her iPad and she looks at them in her chair and she is saying she wants to do other computer things with her iPad. I am happy for her and glad to see her showing more interest in keeping up and learning new things.
R2JHTLVGVFDZS5	4.0	Apple iPad with Retina Display (64GB)	0	0	Very handy to use. I was an iPhone user prior to buying this, so knew the OS system, but was surprised how many iPhone Apps are different for the iPad, some not working. But i still like it and the apps area generally available. Only complaint I have is my lighting connector cord failed after a month and I am buying an new one. Not sure why it failed as there is no visible damage.
R11E3ARY8SHTH9	5.0	Best Yet	0	0	So happy with the new iPad. Camera is great (i upgraded from iPAd 1st gen), so much faster, facetime, skype, Viber work great. Email is great. Only a few glitches with notification sounds when smart cover is on. Took a while for sounds to alert when cover was on, but now works great. Not sure why this happens, but IVe seen several similar issues, and appears to be a random thing.
R1YK2GSZRWRQI9	5.0	Apple iPad 4 w/ retina display	0	0	This is my first iPad. I use an android smartphone, so you can say Apple products are new and "fresh" to me ! I learned quite a lot on how to use my iPad, my 17 year old daughter helped me too. I absolutely love my iPad and am amazed by how much I can do with it. I will never be without one from here on. Great product. The Apple company is fantastic, great apps too !
R2L6L4UCXZ5KG9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love this but wish it had come with a key pad...
R2M1L8GE43VCUI	4.0	It is iPad, what else?	0	0	How to rate an iPad? It has disadvantages, but ore advantages from my point of view. I tried another tablet before, which was broken 3 days after purchasing. Since then, I have it clear, there is no better tablet in the market right now, from the HW point of view. I missed the simplicity of using Android, above all everything related to files management (I do not like iTunes)
R3HVTECMD9LMIN	5.0	How can you not like this?	0	0	What's not to like about this? It worked when I powered it on, it does what most apple products do. It has access to the biggest app store in the known universe. It's pretty? I don't really know what else to say about this. Got a decent deal on it, easy to setup and work with like every other apple product. It's a really big version of my iPhone which can't make calls.
R1VHKI8A2JG2HM	5.0	Still the best	2	3	This is my second iPad and I am convinced (again), after shopping the market, it is the best value for tablets on the market. I also own a Kindle Fire and appreciate it, especially for reading do to its size resolution, but for all around versaatility, endurance and apps iPad is my tablet of choice.
R17VRT9F5ISETC	5.0	Recent purchase of Ipad 128GB	2	3	I recently upgraded my mother's ipad. The ipad was delivered a day earlier than expected and in good condition. The product itself is extremely fast and the transition from the old one was easy! I have nothing negative to say about this product or this purchase, therefore gave it a 5 star rating!
R3P0VCOMN1570C	5.0	It runs great with little to no lag and it can run ...	0	0	I bought the Ipad 4th Gen in May of 2015 and was afraid that because it was older that it would be slow with deteriorating battery life. Remarkably that was not the case. It runs great with little to no lag and it can run for a whole day, while being used fairly often, without being charged. I bought it used/refurbished for around $220 and it was well worth the price.
R3M2DYBCTQ6Z63	1.0	no activation.	1	1	It wouldn't activate so I really can't review it.
R2A6P725KR8WAO	3.0	I am still very disappointed, but it is what it is	0	0	The ipad came on time, it was not sealed, just was in a box. No charger unfortunately, and the iPad was very dusty, and unclean, after cleaning it, found a very deep, mole-like scratch on its back, I could stand other minor scratches, but not that one! So, I immediately returned it. I am still very disappointed, but it is what it is......Probably it was just my luck!
R1VQU7QJCTZVM0	5.0	Great upgrade from Ipad 2	0	0	Purchased the Ipad. 4 to enjoy the retina display and Siri. Absolutely love it..Picture and graphics are incredible and wifi speeds are even better than the ipad. 2. Don't get me wrong, I still love my ipad 2 but have demoted it to the bedroom ..lol.. Transferring all data and apps from 2 to 4 was a snap using the cloud method. Would highly recommend this to anyone .
R2SZ4N0ARJ79YJ	4.0	Good product but communucation issues	0	0	This user did nit get a 5 stars because you cannot message them directly about this product, only go through Amazon. I had a few questions about tge product that i couldnt get answered, like where is the serial number in the back to prove its an apple product. Otherwise the product was in good condition, just as advertised. True apple software. Everything works fine
R3GHD4I6FA0L4W	4.0	Good but not great	0	0	I bought this iPad to replace my son's iPod thinking that I will upgrade his fun and entertainment, but the change only represents a bigger screen, the games I used to use for the iPod, many of them are useless for the iPad, so think twice if you want to chance you device thinking that you will upgrade your stuffs to a bigger screen, because it won't be like this...
R3O48ZUOJIJCT7	2.0	Aggravated	2	3	I just discovered that this device will not print to my wifi enabled printer a Canon MX882. Now I'm stuck. Throw out a perfectly serviceable printer or set up a Dropbox or Evernote just to print form my laptop. Another major example of the hubris that characterizes so many American manufacturers
R3JIWWK9Q4DTFR	5.0	...         I love my iPad	0	0	                                I love my iPad. Just the idea its from Apple makes it all worth having. Its such a great product. I can't imagine anyone giving it even less than a five star. I know that's all we can give but I'd give it a whole galaxy of stars.
R24450LS289DV8	5.0	Great Product	0	0	This is my first iPad and I love. My partner has the iPad 2 and I can really tell the difference between the two. The 4 is much faster than the 2 and has better resolution. There are a number of other items that make it much better than the 2. I am not sure about the difference between the 3 and 4 but as I said there is a marked difference between the 2 and 4.
R1CXOBFRJXIGXP	5.0	A+	0	0	The iPad is great. It is everything I expected it to be and more. The screen has a vivid picture, it works quickly while navigating from page to page. It also runs quickly when switching between apps. If you have never owned one, I would recommend ordering a case for it immediately upon purchase. It has a very sleek and smooth design and could be easily dropped.
R1AYPRQN3YA06S	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	it is wonderful...clear....easy to use...love it
R16M3MPHTPQPC7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Much better than working off my phone or laptop!
RC070Z964J90E	5.0	5 Stars is not enough for how nice this IPad was	0	0	5 Stars is not enough for how nice this IPad was. Although the add was pretty non-descript, the unit I received look as if it was new. I am complete satisfied, no, this sale bettered my expectations by a ton. This is a seller that has broken the mold for exceeding expectations. In the sea of internet over promise I have found a truly original seller. Thank you!
RDTI046F83W2J	5.0	Doesn't Get Any Better Than This!	0	0	When considering the purchase of the newest iPad, please take the time to compare cost with other sites, such as Apple or eBay. I purchased this item through Amazon because they offered the best price. Also, when purchasing big ticket items like this, make sure to use Amazon Prime. My iPad is mainly for personal use and I'm enjoying every minute of it! Thanks!
R195GUTDTG1DJQ	5.0	Even better than expected	0	0	As a previous android user, I was against apple products. BUT I am so very glad I made the switch!!! I couldn't be happier with the IPad and Iphone products. They are very user friendly and super convienent. I purchased the IPad through Amazon and am very very happy about it. It arrived quickly and was packed securely. It is also very easy to set up myself
R3GARVAKBZEMH9	4.0	OK	0	0	I am somewhat disappointed with the Ipad. So far, it refuses to synk with my pc, likely because it is not a Mac. I have had to use Google Drive to get my files in. Hopefully it just once of these kink I have to work out. Other than that, it's a very cook tablet and the while color is especially nice. On look, 100 out of 10; on functionality, 7 out of 10.
R28SMPVYZG6X8T	5.0	I love it	0	0	I have an adroid phone and I was planning on buying an android tablet. But I didn't like the ones that were already out. I waited for the Nexus 10 2 - but I am not sure it will every appear. Buyiing the iPad was a good decision as I have an iMac computer. I will eventually buy an iPhone. I have put photo albums on the pad and the pictures look beautiful.
R3W0XVV89PO1OC	5.0	Great deal!	0	0	Glad I found this deal! Ipad was near perfect condition and works great. Glad I took the chance on this refurb, wouldn't have been to get my wife this iPad otherwise. Just a note, doesn't come in original packaging and the cord and plug in are aftermarket and not as high quality as original, but they are new and work just fine. Thanks!
RRX5X4NK3F692	5.0	Wife Loves It!	2	3	As if Apple needs another good review. I was debating between this and the Kindle Fire HDX for a Christmas present for my wife. I got the IPad because it was more functional. Yes the Kindle Fire HDX does Amazon content well but that's about all it does. Go with the IPad, you will love it!
R263TFYBERX9E9	3.0	The retina display is the redeeming feature of this iPad ...	0	0	The retina display is the redeeming feature of this iPad. The screen has really stood up to the test of time, but the other hardware has begun to really slow down. It seems to get more and more laggy as days go on, and the age of the iPad is really starting to show. This iPad has been relegated to entertain the children with Youtube and downloaded movies.
RSVNGRX8T322F	5.0	THE PURCHASE OF MY APPLE AIR IPAD	0	0	I am so very pleased with my Apple ipad. It is everything I've read & heard about &more. The screen is the perfect size for me and I love the quick start up.They have made a wonderful product which makes using the internet a breeze..I just wish they would include a users manual with the product because there is so much more to learn about. R.D.
R3M2HR2NMP7B8G	5.0	IPad Review	0	0	The iPad is working great as I get use to navigating between apps, since each one works differently. Very handy when just relaxing in a recliner with the WiFi connectivity, and not having to sit at a desk. The battery is lasting at around the estimated 10 hours of operation per charge. Wish it would have come with a handy instruction booklet for reference.
REIQ69WDXQS1Q	5.0	Lovelock lovelock!	0	0	That sums it up! This is the best device yet and so I am now Apple-happy. I tell everyone to buy one over a laptop because it is faster, more easily portable and very user friendly. The price was comparable, arrived safely on time. I only use my laptop now for printing jobs (next time we get a wireless printer to use with my iPad) and longer documents.
R3NKB1WISD99IH	5.0	Love this IPAD	0	0	I had an Android tablet which worked well for me but the battery died after just 16 months. Figured I would pay the price and try the IPAD. The display is sharper. Love the extra features. I didn't expect to see such a difference. If the battery holds up, (I have only used this for a couple nows) I expect that I will not go back to the Android tablet.
R15EE7GYSRXAUX	5.0	great!	1	1	It's the newer iPad (as of early 2014)...great!
R3NBQVE5O25MHZ	5.0	IPad 4th Gen. MD510LL/A	0	0	Wow, I have had my 1st laptop since 11/13/2006 until it died a silent death in may of last year, and my newest laptop since may of last year is getting heavy to haul around, I love the Retina display, the quick connection to wi-fi way faster than my laptop BTW, the ease of use, and the fact that is really lightweight I really like it very much! WOW.
R1RS9O9BXGEN52	5.0	HAPPY AS A PIG IN THE SUNSHINE	0	0	THIS IPAD IS EVERYTHING PROMISED IN THE LITERATURE AND IN REVIEWS. I ESPECIALLY LIKE THE CLARITY OF THE PICTURE AND THE SPEED WHICH THE IPAD MOVES FROM THE VARIOUS SITES. THE BATTERY LIFE IS OUTSTANDING. RECOMMEND BUYERS SELECT WITH CARE THE CHOICE OF INEXPENSIVE SCREEN COVERS TO PROTECT. SOME BRANDS APPLY MUCH MORE EASILY. ASK FRIENDS FOR ADVICE.
R1FO1U7UO7FZUI	5.0	Great for Music Needs	0	0	I am currently a Senior in a Music Education program, I also give voice lessons and do a lot of school work on the go. With my iPad I can compose, instruct, listen, and write. I also do a little visual art on the side and the iPad is great for that too!! Everything I wanted from the iPad and more. Plus it works amazing in conjunction with my iPhone 5.
R2C5S3KW7RBKUB	3.0	buy a good Android tablet and save your money!	0	0	Too pricey. I have had both Androids as well as iPads. A good Android is cheaper to buy and beats an iPad hands down!
R2X4I8GWK3OJCO	5.0	Good ipad it even came with a simcard	0	0	So far, i havent had any complaints from my brother
R1UB1V9H0GL944	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome
RSD3ACXHPOKGK	5.0	Love this iPad.	0	0	I love my new iPad 128 Gb. I ordered it on Friday and it was delivered Monday evening. Wow. It is just as at was described and I've been using it daily since. Thank you so much.
R6PDZ6HO1QML2	5.0	The best work tool ever!	0	0	Extremely handy for those who do their work on the road and do their paperwork paperless, this is definitely a must need item, it's small and extremely light in weight, I really recommend this.
RST36DWH7P4T4	5.0	Love it!	0	0	So far I love my new iPad. Very sharp and clear. Got it for a great price through Amazon. Would recommend !
R1RT45Y03U7QXF	5.0	That was exactly what I expected	0	0	It is a well know product and the price was convenient. The configuration run well and the product is in use
R2KFG3VK5XA3B1	5.0	better than ever	0	0	This is my 2nd Ipad, love it!! I bought a Kindle Fire HDX and although I liked it, the IPAD is without a doubt the best thing out there for a tablet. Bottom line people it ROCKS! Its all about apps and Apple has them all!! Will not ever buy a different tablet from anyone else. Oh and by the way my original 32gb IPAD 1 stills works perfectly I just couldnt upgrade the IOS.
R1GN9GXPTDS95F	3.0	Ok	0	0	Ok - wasn't what I expected... Heavy, hangs up sometimes, not as responsive to stylus as I'd like. Beautiful display though and lots of space!
R2Y2CAJPVN4JCC	5.0	Ok, now I am not going back to my PC ;D	0	0	I am so happy with this purchase and I love the iPad 4. I also love that it is going to save my back while traveling. With the apps that Apple provides, numbers, pages, and Keynote, I can do oh so many things. I am budget minded and this was a big purchase for me. No buyers remorse, just a wonderful piece of equipment that I can see helping me in my work. I can even edit photos and slip them in to my docs just like at home. Now the hours of flight are not wasted but my own personal office. There was a learning curve for me but it has been rather fun. It does help if you have used any of their other products.
RFJOU5U1MJO66	5.0	Love it	0	0	My second iPad, the best part about this was the price. I knew what to expect from the iPad, works consistently, good battery life, but best part was price. Saved $350 buying this over comparable iPad Air. I never buy the latest apple product because the last one is almost as good as always deeply discounted. Also, having the sim chip slot is great, I have unlimited international/domestic data on my work sim and with a great website can build an APN profile and take advantage of that sim in my iPad.
R388NXDQTZ2G4Y	5.0	Love our Ipads	0	0	My wife and I love our iPads so we continue to buy them in spite of their cost because they are easy to use and have a great selection of apps.
R1KTRAWQYND4YW	5.0	Great price for the same product you can get from Apple store	0	0	Got this for my aunt and it's brand new, just as described. Got the $20 prepaid data (2Gb) by calling Verizon and it worked perfectly within 2 minutes. Perfect for anyone who would be on the road for a trip and needs data access.
REKZ600W95A9Z	2.0	Apple iPad with Retina Display ME400LL/A	0	0	Colour was white, not black as advertised. No documents or manual. Power plug/cable quit working on 3rd recharge. No point in returning as it was needed immediately and would have only added to the problems.
R20QVT5340BHAC	5.0	Happy with it	0	0	This is my first ipad, so l dont have anyone else to compare with. By the way, l'm happy with this one. It's easy to use and very addictive... it's perfect to see my pictures and l have downloaded many free app too.
R195DPHH45W6GJ	5.0	Apple Ipad with Retina display	0	0	Great Ipad. I Love it and the retina display is awesome. No issues at all. Shipping was fast. 128 gb of memory is great for lots of games and music.
R2VHLA1TYR55SV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	just as I expected
R1QO97NU61HQDY	4.0	Great Price	0	0	Great price, although the box that the ipad was in was dropped on the corner, and there was a small scuff on the corner of the ipad.
R1NIIVWY5GWK2I	5.0	Great price!	0	0	I was expecting a refurbished product based on the price, but as far as I could tell, it seemed brand new. It was in the original packaging and was in flawless condition. Like other tablets we have had, it seemed to take a few good full charges for the battery to keep a charge for a long time, but it works well now and the battery lasts a decent amount of time considering how much I use the iPad.
RF9TFP0I6571E	5.0	good one	0	0	i will like that, actually 4th is a little bit heavier, but it's an ipad. i love it so far.
R1SH44157X8OAM	5.0	Freaking Awesome!!!!!!	0	0	What can i say it is an APPLE! Had a ZOOM it was great also. I couldn't pass up the price for a 200$ more 128GB compared to a 32GB ZOOM. Apps are not as much but iTUNES has all the apps i need so why do i want more?
RS07K3R8EC1X0	5.0	Outstanding Tablet!	0	0	There is a reason why the apple ipad is rated the #1 tablet. This product was easy to set up and a full charge lasts a whopping 12 hours. I am completely delighted in this purchase and I will recommend it to a friend or relative without any hesitation at all. Although there is a learning curve to learn everything this tablet can do, this is undoubtedly the best tablet on the market and there is an endless list of things it is capable of doing. A very user friendly tablet and the retina display is absolutely stunning. As of now, the retina display on this tablet is considered the most stunning, sharpest and crisp display that is possible. I am completely satisfied even though I havent even scratched the surface of what it is capable of doing. Great tablet!
R1U5KCXVWBLQ37	5.0	Love it love it love it!!!	0	0	I always wanted the iPad but knew they coul be pretty pricey but this was the best deal around and we could not be happier! We love having the 128 GB so we have plenty of storage. Absolutely amazing!
R2HW6F57XJJJ1G	5.0	lovin my ipad	0	0	I love my iPad... I work from home so wen I need to run errands I always have the internet available at my finger tips..
R3SN3TFAVHDQEJ	5.0	I love It!	0	0	I purchased 128GB iPad a few months back and love it!!! It is so nice having all that extra memory! I am an artist, photographer and musician....It handles all my needs & then some!
RUIFPG21VNR6F	5.0	iPad 128 GB with retina display newest addition.	0	0	This iPad was everything I expected it to be and more. The whole family loves it even my three-year-old grandson . It's very user friendly.
R3DHVLPPGD0I64	5.0	Wonderful	0	0	Huge capacity, works flawlessly, everywhere! Used for banking, scanning, kid games, everything!!!!! The colors are amazing. The videos are superb. What's not to like?
R16I6KEL53L3KA	5.0	The best ever.. Living it	0	0	Awesome. Enjoying it. Thanks Have everything on it now and even wifi when I am not home... This is nice. Loving it a lot. Thanks for asking
R2CRXSRTH87WM2	5.0	What more can one say?	0	0	Words not needed. Elegant machine and excellent shipping. This toy has become a part of life. That, with ease of purchase spells satisfaction %100!
RPHRBGZ0H8PZZ	5.0	Awesome!	0	0	This is my first iPad but I love this thing. It has taken some time and will take more to learn the functionality but so no issues. I do have it attached to a keyboard (see my NewTrent review) so it automatically shuts the iPad off when closed so I have not had to charge it for over 4 days. The sensitivity is great when playing games or switching pages. The display itself is simply amazing. I know it's a bit pricy but the 128gb also leaves you without a worry of filling the thing up or having to delete anything to download or try something new.
R3PCGU9L8V3HUE	5.0	My wife loves it!!!	0	0	this was a birthday gift for my wife and she loves it so much....so far no probs....it was delivered way before estimated time...good job...
R37TI8FMK48HB4	5.0	Great product and seller	0	0	Got product in a timely manner and in the condition requested but had problems with my lifeproof case I put on it and thought it was my ipad and instead so it took me a while to do this review because I thought my ipad was messed up. Turns out lifeproof sold me an earlier version of the case instead of the new one and it was pushing the home button in causing my ipad to shut off. Called apple and they went through all the checks and found the issue and now my ipad is great. Happy with every....
R2ROOSPKVUURVF	5.0	I LOVE IT	0	0	great product does so much had first one out and now this one I like big hard drive can watch alot of movies
R21R4IQSAYZG3G	5.0	THE VERY BEST!!!! GO 4 IT ;)	0	0	This was a gift and she LOVES IT. she gets on it every single day ;) expensive but WORTH IT new toy!!!
R22L4ZBJDY2MOG	5.0	Great iPad	0	0	I purchased the iPad as a birthday present for my son-in-law and he just loves it, uses it all the time!
R2GF0VHEWTEF37	4.0	Very good	0	0	I only wish you could expand the memory. I also hate iTunes. I would rather be able to access it as if it were a hard disk (like for most Android tablets.)
R2L607ID30MRWF	5.0	Shipped earlier than expected	0	0	I never owned an IPad before but I always wanted before and the sky is the limit and the product is awesome and do want to express the great job on the shipment. Keep up the good work on this amongst other things. Thanks guys.
R9X9K9HHP9A29	5.0	It's Great!	0	0	I am a newcomer to iPad. I have a Nook, and love it, and didn't think I would have any real need or use for an iPad. However, I am loving it because there are so many more Apps for iPad than for other tablets. I went with the "lots of memory" one because for the price difference between it and its lesser cousin (64 GB) it is worth going for the one with more memory. Highly recommend.
RBVSP0DZ95RNU	5.0	Bought to replace Ipad 1st Gen -- Couldn't be happier!	0	0	I decided to take the plunge and upgrade from my old and outdated 1st Generation iPad 32 gb. I was a little worried about switching to the 16gb because of less space, but it turns out to be plenty of space since I stream my music (from google player and other services) instead of saving it directly on the device. I use the device primarily for reading, surfing the web, watching videos, and editing pictures and documents. However, since I have started using the new iPad, I use it more than my computer, and for many, many more projects. I've started listing items on eBay right from the device (which works even easier than on the computer, since it has the built-in camera). I also have been using it for many projects that require a lot of typing, as the smart case I purchased makes typing comfortable and easy. I've even started playing more games on it because of the incredible processor inside! Previously, I could only run Angry Birds and Diner Dash, as I knew they wouldn't crash (and heavier games like Infinity Blade crashed the old iPad way too often). Now I can run GTA Vice City while multitasking with eBay and email, and no lag at all! Apple has really outdone itself with this new iPad -- of course, I understand that it isn't worth the plunge if you own an iPad 3. However, if you are like I was--still using the old iPad (or no iPad at all)--this is more than worth the money! Do yourself a favor and get this device!
R295E0MPT026A5	5.0	Another Great Apple Product	0	0	Got the new iPad because by old one was running out of storage space. Appreciate the 128GB. en used for an extended period but not really a problem. Terrific product.
R9FLBYJ20CHX3	5.0	I love it	0	0	It is fast and I have a lot of space. I have had previous models but lightening is the fastest yet.
R27GIQB7RVVNCS	5.0	Should have done it a long time ago...	0	0	The new iPad is awesome. It's easy to set up, download aps, sync with my Mac and iPhone, and fun to use. I'm still figuring out which aps I want but having fun doing it. The clarity of the new retina display is fantastic.
R37IX325T0Y4BC	5.0	Excelent	0	0	The best tablet in the World Faster Beutifull Clear Good price Quality I prefer this tablet My family is happy with that
R1IO497OB1L71Y	4.0	Finally, Ready for Business. And families.	0	0	I bought my first tablet computer about a decade ago and was severely disappointed with the functionality. Nothing was intuitive, everything required additional steps, nothing tied in with anything else. Today's generation of tablets has solved these issues and more. And they've done it in a way that is useful for home or business users considering tablet solutions. I now am able to run my organization's billing, reporting, presentations, and speeches from my handheld tablet. I can pair it with my iphone to control presentations remotely, or use it (in combination with special software and hardware add-ons) as a teleprompter. I haven't yet gotten to the point that I will travel without my laptop computer, but I'm getting close. On the flip side, when I get home the iPad serves as an entertainment hub for the family, controlling our entertainment center, providing affordable gaming for the kids (or me on occasion), and connecting me with my network of friends. The only downside is that this (in combination with the iPhone) makes it very difficult to unplug yourself and just experience life as it happens. I've walked into rooms when relatives are visiting and found every single person looking at their phones or iPads instead of chatting with each other. Of course, that may just be because we're all pretty boring.
REB1T25G0SJ7Q	5.0	Love our new iPad4	0	0	Upgrade from my iPad3...My wife and I love our iPads and find more and more things to do with them...Tablets are very cool...128GB let's us keep all our music, books, and some movies on the iPad and use it as a source for our Yamaha entertainment system over WiFi.
R2GPVLJGWMID7I	5.0	I Love it!!!	0	0	It is even better than I anticipated. My favorite apps work great, "the Blaze", Pinterest and video podcasts. Very user friendly.
R38ZP7K9PAOPTA	5.0	Yes Love is the word :)	0	0	This 128GB iPad has been totally enjoyed by my son, I gave it to him because he would use my corporate iPad endlessly and you know I needed it too. My son is autistic and this device keeps him focused and gaming for now. There are apps for speech games that I will load for him as we go forward. I would recommend this iPad to all people of earth. Thank You
R1QPHKUIUZDBDG	5.0	Best yet!	0	0	I had the iPad 2 and loved it but I quickly ran out of room with only 64GB between my music, movies and books after 2 years. But I did not want a smaller screen. So, the iPad 4 meets my needs perfectly. I am not a gamer, so not having Flash really is no big deal. Love that Siri is included with this version. No more typing emails! With the addition of Apple TV I can watch movies on the iPad or TV. Just wish Apple and Amazon would share their respective Gateways on both Apple TV and Roku. I could not afford both and would love to be able to use Amazon Video player on my TV without the need for extra accessories.
R2IRGB2OM5BT8E	5.0	Ipad 4	0	0	had purchased a kindle fire hd 8.9 because of the good ratings and it was about 200 less than the ipad each with the 32G memory. I used it for about 2 weeks. I found it not as intuitive and the learning curve, while not bad, was a bit more cumbersome to learn to use. Also it was one more operating system I would have to understand and use. I have an iphone 5, which replace my 4. The iphone is easy to use, all kinds of apps (though I dont use many, its nice to know they are available). I have handle the ipad before from relatives etc and they seemed nice and all, but not much different from the iphone and wondered why the fuss. At the time, I just couldnt see spending the bigger bucks for the iPad. I found out differently. While the Kindle does everything it says it does, I returned it and ordered this ipad. I feel now that it is definitely worth the extra. It has the same sharp image with the retina display as the kindle and I would say even better. Since I travel a lot and have satelite for TV at home, I use a vulkano (like sling box) to view my DVR recordings and live tv stations from home. The Kindle did an OK job, but the iPad is superior with that task. the app for kindle worked, had to pay extra for it and the operating system handled it OK but every 30 to 40 minutes it would drop the connection. The ipad app was free and rock solid, so far. I had used the iphone for several years, and using the iPad is as comfortable with familiar icons and function. It has a little larger screen, ease of use, more apps, and accessories than kindle which made me spring for the extra dollars. I am very happy with my decision.
R8YUZ8ALKKRR3	5.0	I love it	0	0	The retina display is an added plus. It just makes all your viewing enjoyable.For the video recording, appears to me the resolution below what I expected,or am I missing something?Do I have to change some settings? Overall great product!
R27Z49PLHVX99B	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I really like my ipad, it's just what I needed
RLQTM4OOOK2DD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	good price, fast shipper, worked as advertised
RXMJA6A0MLYHW	5.0	I gave it 5 stars because I was very happy with the price as well as with the IPAD	0	0	I noticed there there were a couple others stated that the product's arrival time was slightly off. Mine was as well and I believe that it actually took a week longer then estimated. I gave it 5 stars because I was very happy with the price as well as with the IPAD. It is well worth a longer wait, for a product that is going to be of good quality.
RBXUW9SQFIW9Q	5.0	Apple iPad 4	0	0	What can I tell you that you haven't already read or seen somewhere. The Apple iPad is everything I ever heard advertised about it and much more. The price Amazon.com offered this item at was very competitive. I also bought the Kensington Apple iPad 4 case and I am very satisfied with the form, fit and function. Another excellent Apple product.
R2O02CHIMM5ZWM	5.0	Hat finder	0	0	Bought for my husband. He likes it very much. He was very frustrated to have to shift from Blackberry phone which he loved to Motorola Droid. His place of employment no longer supported the Blackberry device. This IPad 4 is much more user friendly and he can use it for everything except the phone calls for which he still uses the Droid phone.
RZRWG48HQWQK0	3.0	It's all the same	2	3	I have the first iPad and now the this one and really there isn't that much difference between the two except the retina display. Another thing, if you think you want to use the iPad for your PDF files, think again. It's a lot more trouble just to load the files, not worth it.
R1CUOJXZE8K9S3	5.0	Easy to use with wonderful the best of all the tablets	0	0	The Apple iPad is very easy to use and carry around with you. It has a wonderful display / touch screen. You can also access a ton of Music and Apps. Many of these Apps are wonderful and free, or wonderful and inexpensive. Even if you have only used PCs all your life, like myself, you will still find the iPad to be the best of all the tablets.
R13HNUR3SPVVBI	4.0	Great ipad, really bad charger	0	0	The ipad arrived quickly and everything was as described (in like new condition). The only issue was that the charger was not OEM and did not work well. Although it would charge the ipad, while doing so it got REALLY hot, dangerously so! Good thing I have a Apple charger for my phone. I quickly threw out the one that came with the ipad.
R2MFDV9MIYD6JX	5.0	Excellent purchase. Very Happy with product	1	1	Excellent purchase. Very Happy with product!
R1ELTXKL2MTIH5	5.0	Excellent	1	1	My very first and best I pad ever. I love it.
R3UV0A3ZHW0EPY	5.0	This is it!	0	0	I have read many good and bad reviews about this iPad. I decided to buy this iPad for which I have no regret. I have absolutely no problem. It works excellent. What I like about it is that it is so program that you have no problem getting your way around on it. I will recommend to everyone who has doubt about getting an iPad. Thumbs up!!!!
R3K2R2A7E7HZQ1	5.0	The only one you need!!!	0	0	This really is handy especially when you get your phone service as a backup data supply,,,,Siri is a great navigator assistant but it won't do a thing if you are not on line or have your phone system as an alternate to wifi ..my most recent trip back east my iPad was fabulous for travel guide ...places to go and lodging recommendations...
R1UI8HT21IVUCF	5.0	First Ipad and I made the right choice	0	0	I love this Ipad and use it more then my laptop. This is my first ipad that I have owned and it has not disappointed. Bought it from an independent seller that gave me an incredible price. Pros Fast processor Retina display is amazing and crisp Battery life is great Cons None to date.
R1TSN0K2Y86PEQ	5.0	I-Pad 4th generation has excellent sound quality with base and treble sounds	0	0	I-Pad 4th generation has excellent sound quality with base and treble sounds. The music on YouTube is so enjoyable with the i-Pad 4th generation. The bright color and graphics are sharp and clear. It was very easy to set up. There is such an unlimited things to discover and learn on this i-Pad. I could not be happier with this i-Pad.
R24DRKJ6D5OLY6	5.0	Love my ipad	6	9	I just got my ipad 4 for my bday and love it! The color is great and so easy to use. The camera features are nice. This is my first ipad and i can't seem to put it down!
R2T0ND4WK3Y6T9	5.0	Good buy if you like apple	0	0	Could have gotten it $50.00 cheaper at Walmart but ordered it from you. It meets my expectations and after fighting with the sim slot works well with my At&t carrier. Updated the software to ios 8.2 and it works as apple intends it too. I don't like not being able to access files as in Android or windows but have found work arounds.
R1XQDNPEOO1DHZ	5.0	Love the new iPad 4!	0	0	Bought one for myself and one for my husband, got them yesterday and setup was super easy. We're both first time tablet and apple users, so still getting used to not being on a laptop for everything. No complaints from us and we anticipate it's going to be awesome as everyone says. Will update later on
R2P2SQEGRYRM0D	4.0	Great replacement	0	0	Didn't want to put out a higher price for newest IPad. Older versions work for me. IPAD arrived very quickly, exactly as advertised and easy to set up. My original one was an IPAD 2 and I can tell the difference with display. Only issue I have is how to load the games I'm playing to my current level,,,,certainly not a huge issue, LOL
R2QG6GQAJOC780	5.0	Love it	0	0	I was a little hesitant, not sure if i really NEEDED it, but i love it. Turns out i didn't really NEED it after buying a laptop, but i wouldnt give it up. Its so much nicer to goof around on than my phone. I rarely use my phone to browse on now unless i am away from home. It seems so small and cumbersome now that i have the iPad.
R3TNZ5VRQ5J0U6	5.0	iPad is great, the cord it comes with...not so much	0	0	The iPad itself is fantastic (I'm writing this review from it), it came faster than I thought it would which was nice. However the charger that it comes with doesn't really work, I had them send me a replacement charger and it didn't work either. So just be aware that you'll have to go purchase your own cord to charge your new toy.
R2F4QCLL02LJL2	5.0	Its a Apple product! Its awesome!	0	0	Its a apple product, what more do I have to say! I bought this for my wife for Christmas....Im jealous because its awesome compared to my Generation 2 IPad! So much so I think I will be getting one soon. Very user friendly and with the new updates and software you really have no need for a laptop or home PC. Connects to Wifi Great!
RAWGJV86VY334	5.0	Great	0	0	The only problem I have is connecting to an outside WiFi. It is great at home, but, at the office where we have WiFi, that network doesn't show up. One of the reasons I got it was for a trip I am taking this summer. I thought I could use it for maping, getting my email etc. and now I am not certain if it will work for that.
RBG0M3L2JKZQ1	5.0	Bought used and saved 200 bucks !	1	1	Fast service and great product as promised!
RE3LZFAGWD6A8	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very happy with this. No problems yet... :)
R4RH53BASU6MP	5.0	Ipad	0	0	I love it it was pretty easy to learn how to use it's very fast love the 10 hours battery time pictures are great it takes really good pictures I just can't think of enough good to say about it and I like the case that I also bought at the same time it's not only attractive but it's sturdy. Would suggest it as a good purchase
R3DPN116HSYROH	5.0	upgrading from iPad1, this is GREAT!	0	0	love the speed, resolution, feeling when holding, the new connector. I was expecting the device to get uncomfortably hot (as read in some reviews) but it stays really cool with my current usage (browsing, email, youtube, reading). battery life is also exceptional. want the best tablet of the moment? this is it!
R1BM1EUW2MTUNI	5.0	iPad............Glad I bought it	0	0	I am sooooooooo happy with my iPad! Everything went smooth from paying for it and getting it on time. I had to sell an iPad when I was unemployed and I missed it. I purchased an iPad mini and was less than satisfied with it. I decided to purchase a regular sized iPad and I am very satisfied with my purchase. Thank you!!!!
R2Y8T5RYDV6DOQ	5.0	Love it	0	0	Got this for my Mom, it seems to be one of the easier tablets to use for people that are not use to using tablets she caught on quickly and is using it for e-mail, Facebook and video chat. Very happy with it. I only wish there was a remote application which would allow me to control it when she needs help with something.
R1FIDYTT7SKJCZ	3.0	Wi Fi - connect to airplane mode if it doesn't connect to Wi Fi	0	0	I just got it and so far I like it. I to had trouble connecting to WI FI. However, I turned on airplane mode and it connected with no problem. Not sure why it does this but it's the only way I can connect to WI FI. I gave it a three because of this. Had I not tried this I would have sent it back. Glad it's working.
R1MXMIUSAVV60H	5.0	Apple iPad 64 GB	0	0	Used an iPod for three years then went to an iPhone 5 before breaking down and spending the money for the iPad. I have a computer that hardly gets used anymore since this purchase. As long as there is a Wi-Fi close by it gets used. Even watch Netflix movies, text, play games, search web. This thing is really nice!
R32UNSCR9PJIP7	5.0	I do not know why I waited so long	0	0	I should have bought a pad along time ago. I have no regrets whatever. The only problem is it might make me lazy. Instead of going to the computer desk, I now read my daily newspapers in bed, with larger fonts. Excellent purchase. I loved the 4pics1word game. I did all. I can go on and on with praises. Thank you Apple.
R2VQ2JPUW2CI8D	5.0	My first apple product	0	0	I have been amazed that it is so easy to use this iPad. I am still learning, and don't know how to use all the features yet. But my 12 year old grandson has been giving me tips and helpful advice over the phone. The screen is bright and easy to read. The features are very intuitive. I highly recommend this product
RLKTVCOOCLQE	5.0	Awesome!	0	0	I Love this Product! 1. Perfect 'retina' display 2. Ease of use 3. 'Minimalistic' design ("Apple" trademark) 4. I use it to as an alternative medium to surf internet, read pdf files, etc, etc, when I develop strains from sitting too long in front of my desktop.. :)
R2LUBF73PS0LGI	5.0	Great product	0	0	I use my I-pad for face-time with our grandkids. I also like to play my games and do puzzles without losing pieces. It has a reminder calendar, so I can keep track of all my appointments and e-mail along with my scriptures and church apps, and phone numbers. I can used it for almost everything except as a phone.
R3NTE82BXWCS46	5.0	I've had all the iPads...	0	0	and this is a great new addition to the line-up with its retina display, and everything else it comes with. I would not likely buy one now until the line is updated, as I bought this quite a while ago and am waiting for the next release. If you can't wait, then this will certainly fulfill all of your tablet needs!
R10604KOSI4PYV	5.0	Best tablet for me	0	0	The price point is the only part that stings, other than that Apple has the best tablets on the market. Since we already have several apple devices and lots of apps and media purchased through itunes, this tablet made the most sense for our family. Sharp display, snappy operating system, I'm very happy with it.
R2NYL3URCBNL9O	5.0	Apple iPad with Retina Display MD510LL/A (16GB, Wi-Fi, Black) NEWEST...	0	0	The best way to describe this iPad is "WOW." It has everything you need to "conduct business" when you're away, or to simply pass the time with the many included apps and games. Works great with a nearby Wi-Fi, but also with my iPhone which has a built in "Hotspot." Apple is the best!
R1Y1NLQC7INDLN	5.0	Love it	0	0	I love my ipad. I hardly ever use my laptop anymore. It is a wonderful device, but that is coming from someone who likes apple products. Seriously, if you are considering getting an ipad go for it!! They are fun and offer a lot of great apps that I plan on using for my classes when I start school in the fall.
R2853QC4QWS7WI	5.0	Awesome Refurbished Product. Highly Recomended.	0	0	Tailwind International has send me an International Version [A1460] refurbished and without charger and data cable as described On details. It just what i waiting for International because it is LTE Digitel Venezuela Compatible. Minimal signs of use and unlocked what i need for use what my carrier. Thanks.
R24CCBT2XQM4DU	5.0	LOVE IT	0	0	I debated whether I needed another computer, but I am very glad I purchased this. The color and clarity is stunning. It is easy to use. Love the app store and the amazon prime video streaming. The battery charge lasts for 4 or 5 days. I would recommend this to anyone that wants mobility of a computer.
R3566ZCNLIGMPZ	5.0	IPAD!!!!!!!!	0	0	The packaging was very poor for my purchase, but luckily it was in good condition when I picked it up. The Ipad is awesome and operates very well. The battery life and charging would be the only thing I would complain about. Its not to bad on battery life, but recharging takes 5 hours for a full charge.
R1MJK1J7O3DL12	1.0	it arrived broke, I was unable to get it ...	0	0	it arrived broke, I was unable to get it to turn on. Tried every trick listed on the internet to get it to work. It was a gift for my wife on the first day of her last year of teaching. It was very disappointing, Making me rethink about purchasing any apple products. If I could delete a full star I would.
R1WW922XY9WN07	5.0	Love my new	1	1	Exactly what I wanted . Love my new ipad
R1T2AZAFBMVGKQ	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	The Ipad works well but it does get hot.
R12EA710242TKT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Having lots of fun and very convenient!!
R2D8YNZA5WP1HG	5.0	I'm HAPPY that I found it at a more reasonable price ...	0	0	I was SO excited once I received this item. Though I'm still learning this product being my first apple. I am thrilled to own one. I'm HAPPY that I found it at a more reasonable price than the store. Another great item from AMAZON  THANK YOU AGAIN AMAZON. Continue your great work .
R964E2R37GPMP	5.0	Love!	0	0	For me, this thing is a chance to learn a new operating system, a chance to connect outside the house (via wi fi, only, but still), a chance to learn so much about all the fun things out there, helpful apps, fun apps, fascinating apps, apps to help other folk I know. I am soooo glad I bought it! Love!!
R3C9P6M5YKR3YN	5.0	My wife loves it	0	0	This was one of her Christmas presents from me, and she is constantly using it, learning it, etc. I thought "I did good" a couple of years back when I got her the Nook, but this unit was a "grand slam". She talks with both our daughters and is learning new things about the unit daily.
R3QDQ5INXTBLK5	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	decent speed upgrade over my old iPad 3
R11PZCDR2BL4K2	5.0	I love it. I am not a sophisticated technology person ...	0	0	This is the fourth generation iPad. It is my first iPad. I love it. I am not a sophisticated technology person tho so you should take that under consideration. I cracked the screen the first week I had it but I am careless and the crack is at the bottom so it does not interfere with my viewing.
R1T2JWKFLPA775	5.0	Excellent iPad	0	0	Bought this as I've wanted one for ages but because of the cost was unable to afford a new one. This one was as good as new. I'm slowly getting to know my iPad and working out how "Apple" works. No complaints about the iPad to date. Prompt shipping and arrived in near new condition.
R2Y9F7D92NS07V	5.0	On the Apple wagon	0	0	I was not sure when and if I would get an iPad. My wife really wanted one, so I got one for her and another for myself. She is a raving lunatic and cannot stay off the darn thing. She has cleared game levels she has been stuck on when using her computer. Must be the iPad. Great item. Great joy.
RB7ZCOUNP2KXQ	5.0	Well, it's designed by Apple.	0	0	The iPad is a device that I thought I didn't need since I have an iPhone and a MacBook Pro. But I really benefit from all those apps designed for iPad that really makes it worth its prize. It's just what I use for those tasks when work takes me away from the office over the day and not longer.
R3L2RI52KHSZZ6	4.0	Good for fun, not for work...	1	2	I think this is a good product just not really what I needed it for. It really doesn't do that much more than the iphone except the display is amazing, it takes really really nice pictures, and the sound is much better than an iphone. You really don't need extra speakers unless you are using it to listen to music and have a larger living space. I bought it because I work online and thought it would be nice and compact to work from but better than my iphone. I NEVER work on it. I mean I can check email and all of that but it's just not a laptop. I should have passed on this and gotten one of the thin little laptops instead. Also if you get one, get some kind of warranty and get a cover for it before it even arrives. It's more fragile than the iphone. I did not have a cover on my iphone when I first got it and dropped it a few times and it was fine. I was in the process of looking for a cover for this ipad and dropped it and the screen cracked. It's going to cost me at least $160 to get a new screen. The more protected it is the more places you will take it and the more use you will get out of it. I was at disney world's magic kingdom a few weeks ago and they have this amazing electric show at night. It looked like an ipad commercial. Everyone was holding up their ipads and recording it. But again I would be hesitant to haul it around without sufficient protection. So the graphics are amazing and it's a fun little gadget to watch movies or play games with. Oh I'm also in a few bible studies and the bible app is WAY better than on the iphone and you can also download books on kindle app. I do this with my bible study workbooks and you can fill it the blanks and answer questions and everything. The youtube app looks good. I'm not sure what else to say other than everything works and it's not defective. I just don't have a lot of money for "toys" so I wish I had gone with the laptop.
R2E9IK9WWP29DT	5.0	Better than my Laptop	0	0	This new iPad is what I now use on a daily basis. I only bring out the laptop for certain connections and viewing. the iPad Air is light, battery life is excellent - 12 hours give or take. Ties into the Wifi quickly and holds. Browser, Siri, Facetime all work very well without any glitches.
R134LW5IEC2CM8	5.0	Great Buy!	0	0	This is my first tablet and that's why I wanted to buy the newest version of the iPad. I absolutely love the Retina Display. I was just on vacation at the mountains, and this tablet takes beautiful pictures. I can also have my books and documents with me wherever I go. I absolutely love it!
R14RXYTDUPL5UQ	5.0	iPad/Retina/4th Gen.	0	0	It's got every thing I need and the apps work really well that I have installed so far. Am using the iPad with a wireless "bore scope" and it is wonderful for this use and pictures too. The weight vs the iPad Air are not an issue for my uses and I didn't need those other extras.
RYZ0PSEQ2M0H1	5.0	This bad boy rocks!!!!	5	8	Everything good about this device which you may have heard by now is total truth. I bought this exact model yesterday and I have just one problem. I can't put it down! I did a side by side comparison with my old iPad and it's like holding a rotary phone next to a smartphone. No comparison. Until I started using this new model yesterday, I didn't think I was missing anything but I was wrong. So what are you waiting for? Go buy one and see for yourself! Setup took no time because I regularly use iTunes and was able to replicate all the contents from my old iPad to my new one. I think my hubbie might have to have one too so he can enjoy it once in a while. Prying it out of my hands is outta the question. :D I recommend a Satellite wireless external Hard Drive and a leather cover with pro Bluetooth keyboard and a 2 yr extended warranty. I figure by then, there will be something new to buy anyway. I might just go back to reading books now too. Any excuse to use this baby. ;)
R3I2UZ013BW9WX	5.0	My Dad's IPad	0	0	This was a birthday gift for my father from my brother and I. We got the IPad for my father to be able to FaceTime with my brother in Az - he loves that, and all is well. Thank you for your speedy service and my father thanks you also - something new to learn (87yrs.).
R1AXOH1OBG3XRA	5.0	MORE THAN SATISFIED	0	0	After purchasing this unit. I fell in love with its performance. I ordered headphones, speakers a I TB hard drive storage device and other items.to enhance my experience. I like the mobility of not being confined to a desk. This unit is light nd easy to carry, even with its assessories.
R11OQESC5YSWWX	5.0	It is so fast!!! Great Vendor delivery	0	0	I love my Apple IPAD with 32G, It is very simple to set up and sync's with my Mac Book. I am satisfied the with IPAD and glad I did not choose a less expensive tablet..I am still exploring the features and so far happy and satisfied..This tablet arrived quickly and packaged properly.
R1Q6I1Q3BRLLOI	5.0	I was disappointed that my new ipad with the latest Retina screen ...	0	0	I was disappointed that my new ipad with the latest Retina screen didn't pressure sensitive stylus. I bought this iPad gen 4 with the previous version of the Retina screen that has thinner layers and it works great. The iPad was shipped quickly and arrived earlier than predicted.
RUW1WPT90P5JF	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I'm truly satisfied with the quality!
R2EJTQ3082XD8M	5.0	A nice gift	0	0	Sorry I couldn't review this purchase previously. I had to wait until I could give it to my wife for an anniversary gift to know how she liked it. She is enjoying exploring its many capabilities, and shouldn't exhaust that research any time soon. Well worth the price.
RC7RJ7CKEEX63	4.0	It has been over a year now my ipad 4 32gb battery life lasted 4 hours straight use!	0	0	I took 1 star off because it has been a year now since I had my Ipad 4 32gb . I noticed the battery life lasted about 4 hours straight if in use... The Facebook app is good except when you try to post a photo only one per post allowed not like if you were to used chrome...
R3TF1GXL6MG7GJ	4.0	My husband is enjoying it.	0	0	This was a birthday gift for my husband, to replace an earlier edition iPad. Item arrived promptly and in good condition. The only disappointment was that the iPad Air came out within a couple weeks of the purchase, so it felt like I paid full price for the "old" edition.
RH1KDYDMKXK13	5.0	Great new addition	0	0	although I have only had the I-Pad for q couple of weeks, I am enjoying it immensely. I have not yet learned all of the nuances yet, but the possibilities for greater enjoyment are there. I have not been away from home to use it , which is where I will enjoy it most.
R34GLDABXYNNL1	5.0	iPad with Retina Display exceeds my expectations!	0	0	The Apple iPad with Retina Display is awesome! Simple to set up and use, great battery life, awesome screen, etc. No this isn't the latest and greatest iPad, but if you want to have a great iPad at a reasonable price, then this is a great iPad to consider. I highly recommend!
R386LVHVYRF7I7	5.0	I like downloading movies on iTunes & the quality is great	0	0	It is my first iPad. I have an iPhone but the iPad comes very handy. I like downloading movies on iTunes & the quality is great. Far better than watching them on a notebook. Also it is much better when operating with Apps as on the iPhone it is a bit restricted. Love my iPad.
R1FJY5T5OO2G7O	3.0	Reasons I don't like iPad	7	11	Tablets are now better and better. When iPad 2 came out, it was good. iPad 4 spec was appealing. However, I found there are some issues on iPad 4. 1. Heavy. It is as heavy as 7 inch blackberry playbook. 2. It has been like that on setup. You need iTune or wifi. I don't have a Windows PC or Mac, and I need mac address to connect to my router. How can I do it? Apple did not think about this problem. 3. No setup guide, not a sheet of instruction. 4. Not to mention the price cost more than others. I have not connect the tablet yet. Probably let me kid connect to his iTune and get the Mac address. More to come. I have the ASUS tf700, and I like it a lot. My opinion, it is better than iPad.
R4X4E91V17PIU	2.0	the camera is not in the right spot for comfortably skype call	0	0	very despointign product i bought it a year ago and what can i see. the camera is not in the right spot for comfortably skype call. so if you use the ipad for skype call make sure you like the location of the camera. memory is not enough and it get stuck all the time..
RZU29GPU17VOO	5.0	Love it!	0	0	Love our I pad and thought it would be a great gift for our nieces husband. He drives a truck and sometimes he has to stay over night. A great gift for him. He loves it!!!! It was delivered earlier than expected, which was great. Would recommend it to everyone.
RBVXG1M2JQOBO	4.0	Refurbished iPad	0	0	So far, so good. Different, if you're not used to Apple but pretty user friendly. Haven't 100% gotten on to it but think it's going to be pretty cool. I'm old so it takes a little longer but I'll get there. Also got a keyboard case and the keyboard works like a charm.
R146FOE5QYOC5D	5.0	Very satisfied with these products.	0	0	These products exceeded my expectations. I am enjoying the convenience, compared to my pc. I am still learning how to use all of the functions. I am enjoying different aspects, such as the camera and how easy it is to take a picture and immediately send it to friends.
RLVNBJK9O89AE	5.0	Awesome device for senior parents	0	0	Purchased and gifted to my parents. They love it! My Dad uses it to watch a Netflix movie and to keep up with what is going on in the world, subscribing to newspaper and magazines. Easy to use and a powerful way to stay in touch with grand children using Skype video chat.
R39AJBHQGQJ6XV	5.0	Fantastic shape quality and authentic for a used ipad 4 buy new charger converter though	0	0	I was VERY skeptical before buying a used Ipad. But this is great! So far a week now its as if brand new. PS the charge cord is fine but my charger wall converter was a complete piece of crap after i spent 20$ on a new 12 W I get 100% in under 45 mins from 84%
RGGS00805OBWZ	5.0	Beautiful & Fabulous	0	0	Takes awesome pictures! Love the apps. I owned an iPad for nearly 4 years then gave it to my son and bought the kindle Fire HD.. After 4 months I sent it back and purchased the iPad 4. Oh what a feeling I so missed and do love the iPad 4,. Never gonna give you up again.
R5P5V2GCBHGVC	5.0	Greatest ever!	0	0	I am not an avid owner of Apple products. In fact this is my first one. I bought it for my fiance' and she cannot put it down. I didn't have the Gen 3 to compare the screen resolution to but either way you can't shake a stick at how awesome it is. She cannot put it down.
RRZEG104916HB	5.0	Great iPad, even if it's only V4.	0	0	It's fantastic. It's everything I thought it would be. There are newer versions out there. They may be better for what you want. As for this one; it's great. It's fast and it has a beautiful display. I feel absolutely no need to upgrade to a newer model.
R37WOD6JXOCEJF	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Defective product...I returned it..
R312TVI1JMN4W5	4.0	Product works well but be wary of their condition description	0	0	Product was labelled as very good condition but it has a sizeable bulge on the back beside the apple symbol and the symbol is cracked in half. It charges perfectly and works perfectly with the screen in good condition but there was no mention of the bulge and cracking.
R20CC3UYOJENXT	5.0	Great product and service.	0	0	Got my iPad without being hassled to purchase AppleCare a thousand times, so I'm extremely satisfied. The product was shipped quickly and accurately and I was offered plenty of assistance online for setup and help. I would highly recommend the seller of this product.
R2PUINB8O4ZU2B	5.0	Good Product	0	0	This product was everything we'd though it would be and more. I'm not a huge Apple geek like some so I couldn't really tell you the difference between this version of iPad and the prior versions, but the screen is clear and it processes quickly. It was a good purchase.
R2Z67UVYE4TPDO	5.0	Easy to Learn	0	0	Works well as expected. Easy to use.We use it to video water skiing from a boat. For this it works even better than we expected. The skiers can come in and immediately watch their sets and see their mistakes. We also use it to email, still pictures, and Facebook.
R65AF8NYR4TK0	5.0	Good	0	0	I needed this item for my music production as it will play a very important part for live performance, Works well although I should have waited to get the iPad Air but this will do. As the times they are a changing this iPad will prove itself and pay for itself too!!
R3E0HVPCITW9WN	5.0	a major purchase but worth every penny	0	0	I looked at all the other tablets on the market before making a decision. Not only the retina display being a key factor but the battery life is almost double of anything that I saw out there. This was another major fzctir that I really wanted. I absolutely love It.
R16HQDEUC9TQV6	4.0	No Swype keyboard is a real letdown	0	0	The ipad is pretty cool but lack of a swype keyboard and serious apps to support heterogenous office productivity apps is a real problem. Great presentation but real productivity apps are still lacking. I use apple, Linux and Microsoft apps as part of my daily life.
R21CB8635JOG3K	5.0	Excellent product	0	0	The Apple IPad with Retina Display is a joy to use...it has made me more productive and it has made my worklife more organized....the carmera is a plus--great photos! I recommend downloading the user's guide to get the most out of the product as quickly as possible.
R3F9ZE14R8OGKQ	5.0	great device	0	0	Great device. This is my first tablet. I love it. So far, I am very impressed with all the available applications: business, education, sport, entertainment, etc. The 9.7 retina display provides a super clear view that is better than anything on a PC windows laptop.
R1TXKZSU3U6J4J	5.0	Love Our New iPad.	0	0	Purchased to replace a ASUS TF 101. The ASUS had become very aggravating, with freezing up, restarts, and inconsistent operation. The iPad operates pretty much flawlessly. We are very impressed with it. This is our first but probably not our last Apple product!
R3A32XMFM0Y20T	5.0	Great Product	0	0	I bought this and was a little skeptical at first but it came right on time and everything works great. Cheaper than I could have gotten it for anywhere else and I have yet to find something to complain about. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an iPad
R1MNBG2S0DF5R0	5.0	Takes some time to get use to it.	0	0	Takes some time, but learning along the way, it be super if it ( the instructions were written in a manual ) of how to use it, but u got to learn from the internet or good ole fashion experience of using the product. I do like it, for the cost was a wee bit high.
RNR9BE8WCN4MP	5.0	iPad is great	0	0	This is the 3rd iPad I've owned and it performs much better than previous versions. The retina display makes reading so much easier on the eyes. The clarity is remarkable. The processor also seems to be improved as the transitioning between apps is now quicker.
R12WUDMYHR5S5Y	5.0	It's an Ipad	0	0	Exactly as promised. I am a 1st time Ipad owner. This tablet is amazing. Fantastic graphics and loads of apps. I can't compare it to other versions, but this one is great. I am an Android fan and debated for months which system to buy. The Ipad is worth the price.
R2ADB68NJ5YTMB	1.0	Defective	24	37	At this point I have to rate this product a 1 because after TEN HOURS of charging it wont work. Not with the "on/home" button trick, nada. All I ever got on the screen was the low battery symbol when I first plugged it in and now nada. Very disappointed and now have to go through the ordeal of returning it when I really do not have the time as this was purchased using a grant and I have less than a month to show success with students using it or it comes out of my pocket. Joy.
RS9STF6HUQBS1	5.0	awesome	0	0	I wanted something to surf the web and play games and doing other things and not carry around a big lap top so I bought this and love the iPad. I have nothing bad to say about the iPad, even actually found a word document that lets me type papers up for school.
R1MIBU7EPFXP0R	3.0	Another Apple disappointment..	0	0	Had major problems with the Wi-Fi disconnecting which I now read on Google is a common problem with this edition. Didn't purchase it with the wireless capability (on recommendation from the Apple rep) and that is a huge problem. Another Apple disappointment...
R5DRKGT2HV8QA	5.0	Good deal!	1	1	For what I paid for.. Very happy!
R1NR8G98DPDTH5	4.0	Very Good	2	3	The product is very good, however the dealer who sold was not completely honest. It looks like the it was dropped since there is a slight dent on one of the corners. Everything works though.
R2PS24SADNMPTM	5.0	Good Price Exactly As Described	0	0	Couldn't be more happy with this merchant. I received an email from the merchant with tracking number of the iPad. Shipped extremely fast and product was exactly as described. Don't think twice, this is the merchant you want to buy this expensive purchase from.
R23GU8ZHLP8UY7	5.0	Wow	0	0	I can't believe this thing cost 400 bucks. Ill never do without it. You will see that once you have one you will not want anything else. And it is very well made--durable. I have dropped it, sat on it, and nothing. I cant wait for the next one to come out.
R2PO03SSNV1JXD	4.0	Greatest iPad yet	0	0	Switching from the iPad 2 to this device, I immediately noticed the retina display. The resolution is noticeably better even when your just browsing in Safari. I would recommend this item to anyone looking for a tablet that they will use often to surf the web.
R1HF8UJO0MNO0L	4.0	ease of operation	0	0	As with any apple product, this is easy to operate from th minute the package was opened. I love the retina display. Snapping top quality photographs is almost like a child's play. I enjoy browsing through newspapers, high quality interactive graphic displays.
R1XYSVAIX7X83P	5.0	Awesome!	0	0	I am very pleased with my I-Pad 4 th Generation. Ordering from Amazon was easy, safe website, got my item on the date as expected! I would recommend to anyone to order from Amazon because you will be in good hands. THank you and that is why I rated it 5 stars!
R35MIVB654F29A	5.0	excellent shopping exexperience. .	0	0	Great price. Great saller. Fast shipping. Love it all. Ipad in excellent condition .. i would say new.. love it. I want buy again and sgain.. Great! 5 star!!! connect with me and ask any question about items.. http://www.facebook.com/groups/jvoffer AMAZING!
R2TDHB25T74IAG	4.0	Still testing capabilities	0	0	Works well, mine in wi fi and sprint enabled. Sprint does not have unlimited data option. I would have selected another cell carrier had I known and the limited data options are quite expensive. Mass deleting of emails is more of a chore than it should be.
R323JMCGHV7LS9	4.0	Apple I Pad with Retina Display	0	0	It isn't that we don't like our Apple I pad, but it does take some time to get use to it, after using a standard computer. We found that i pad for Dummies (seniors) was very helpful. Over all we like our apple because it is easier to carry than our laptop.
RA2YWFMEQRG8B	5.0	I love it, because he loves it	0	0	Bought this i-Pad for my 7 year old son. I love it, because he loves it, and I get a rest when he's on it, LOL. That aside, great little device. My son loves to use Siri. He just used Siri to do research for a recent paper he wrote about Black Panthers.
R2IB5Q17KKJICC	5.0	Easy to use	0	0	I got this because I was bored but have always felt turned off and intimidated by technology. So when it arrived I did not open the box for weeks until a friend came to visit and set the whole thing up for me. Now I use it all the time and really love it.
RE37ITYXZH2PZ	5.0	iPad	0	0	I only use Apple products and this one definitely did not disappoint. Personally, I think Apple's products are very user friendly. If someone has a question or issue, they can quickly refer to the user guide using iBooks. Take my iPad with me everywhere!
R1L4QSC642UUNC	5.0	Apple iPad w/Retina Display	0	0	When I ordered it at midnight Sunday night, I had doubts it would arrive today, March 13, well it did! I have an iPhone so I'm finding it very user friendly! So far: AWESOME! (I'm still learning & trying different app's!) Thanks Amazon, you still amaze me!
R2419WUOJHBRML	2.0	Not happy.	0	0	It was use one, which wasn't said before I purchase. iPad was loaded with previous owner info, phone, contacts,apps,calendar,personal staff. Why wasn't delete? I made extra trip to Apple store,to clear and restore, everything,and connect back to my iCloud.
R2WSUEAWK4HBXX	3.0	it is not a bad purchase but the lack of or variety of apps ...	0	0	this is a demotion especially since im an android user.....it is not a bad purchase but the lack of or variety of apps is frustrating....it is a little faster and display is just slightly better than my asus tf701......there are occasional lags though.....
R3A3N0CWJ3BXVW	3.0	Poor Construction Makes a Poor Product	1	2	This iPad worked very nicely and had nice features except it kept dropping the wi-fi signal, and I had to resubmit my credentials every time to reconnect which was annoying, esp. when it dropped at an inconvenient time. This could be due the fact it was used and not properly tested, but doing some reading, it seems that this model frequently has that issue. My biggest issue however was the incredibly fragile and cheap glass on the iPad. I simply dropped my stylus on the screen and it created a shatter point. The iPad still works, but it will have to be fixed. Apparently this is a very common thing, because when researching how to get it fixed, there are several companies in the Cincinnati area alone that make a living repairing just the glass for $129 to $159. This is inexcusable in the age of Kevlar cases and Gorilla glass. I got a Samsung Galaxy tab, and it is IMMENSELY better, esp in the construction and quality. I'll cut the iPad slack in features, because I got a brand new model of the Galaxy, and the iPad was 4th generation, but they were practically the same price!!! In summary, if it weren't for the terrible glass and the faulty wi-fi, I would have given it five stars. As it is, if you get a brand new one with good wi-fi and treat it like a baby, then it would be an decent product. But if you want a brand new tablet with better functionality and construction for just a little more money, then get another brand (I highly recommend Samsung).
R1MTCWCJ2SKT94	5.0	Great, great,....but....	0	0	Apple items are obviously great, but there is this one thing with the background photo being enlarged to something like 4 times it's original size, which doesn't allow you to get your favorite background in view. Other than that, Apple products are solid.
RGMOSOE4MKZ5U	5.0	Does exactly what I expected	0	0	While I would love to see a card reader and a usb or port of some kind for data transfer the purpose of this review isn't to try to redesign the iPad. It's exactly what I expected when I bought it and it does what I need for it to do (and more) very well.
R14MUWKEUHW6TQ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great tablet with lots of memory.
R283FWSKT7SFOD	5.0	Nice product.	0	0	I'm used to a PC, so the IPad is a little hard to get used to. I do like it because it can be kept beside my easy chair, then right up on my lap. I am glad I bought it. I like the FaceTime feature, because I can see my grandchildren as I talk to them.
R2STUYFBJ69AZ9	5.0	iPad makes commuting better	2	3	The first day I turned on my new iPad was great and never going back to another tablet. The screeen is gorgeous, fast, and very responsive. If you can afford it, I highly recommend this device.
RGEC0GBBLDMIV	5.0	iPad a little too big.	0	0	I liked this product very much, however it proved to be just a little too big and bulky for me. I think my Samsung Galaxy S4 is a better fit for me. It has a huge 5" screen, its ultra portable, it does everything, and it looks absolutely beautiful!
R1HXL1GUVTE3Q9	5.0	Anniversary Gift	0	0	I purchased this iPad as a gift for my wife for our 6th wedding anniversary. She loves it. She still loves her desktop but finds this product much more convenient. It is especially great for our road trips. I highly recommend this product to anyone.
R3NWZVA5680PAA	4.0	Product works but the charging cord shown in pictures on ...	0	0	Product works but the charging cord shown in pictures on site do not match what I received. Mine never seen an apple charger such as what I received with the iPad. It works and charges the device but curious why it's not an authentic apple charger
R1Q4JH8LZVM7YP	5.0	Great product	0	0	Best decision I ever made was to purchase this iPad. I got it within one week in impeccable condition. The technology of this iPad and I guess with all apple products is astonishing. This iPad is 100 percent better than those regular tablets by far.
R3LNKGMX2DMNUT	4.0	It came as advertised, new in original packaging. ...	0	0	It came as advertised, new in original packaging. It came with a European charger so we had to purchase an additional charger and did not come with a SIM card. Wish the SIM card would have been included and correct charger would have been included.
R1UME2GGF58QXH	5.0	Hubby's present	2	3	He loves it !! He had a Kindle Fire and he liked it fine but wanted to be able to do more and the iPad is good for that !! I have one too and don't know what I would do without it !!!
R12X94M2I2CZ8M	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great purchase for the classroom
R1AP2RVNKFIL78	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Quick and easy!!!! I love it!!!!
R16E4TAYHFUUO	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Fast shipping and great product!
RWGXT30Q42U8Q	5.0	Excellent Seller. 5 Stars to him	0	0	Excellent Seller. 5 Stars to him. I had a minor issue with the charger. The gentlemen promptly replaced the charger and even offered to change the I pad if there is issue with it. The I pad is great, exactly as described and beautiful. Thanks man.
R4T9V9EG39YH0	5.0	It appeared almost like new. Only abnormality seems to be when I ...	0	0	It appeared almost like new. Only abnormality seems to be when I plug it in to recharge the battery, it says that it is not charging, However, when I check to see if the battery has charged, I find that it has. So I am pleased with my purchase.
R1G6R4XGZCAZ3X	5.0	Time to purchase an IPad that is comparable with new applications.	0	0	Bought this 4th generation Ipad to replace my older model which could no longer be upgraded with new OS and comparable apps. Thie new one is much improved with up-to-date OS and new apps, plus it is thinner, lighter and has a much improved screen.
R23IGQARZCW8UH	4.0	Is newer better?	0	0	I love apple products. In a side by side with earlier models I honestly didn't notice much of a difference. I needed the newer model for work. I definitely recommend getting a case as one drop could shatter the screen and that is not cheap to fix.
R2HIUQJKGQVFQG	1.0	Had to order it twice, but still was not ...	0	0	Had to order it twice, but still was not what I wanted. I asked for A wifi only white 64GB and got a 32GB black with AT&T mobile one. After the second time and I still got a carrier iPad, I said screw it and just kept it. At least it was a 64 GB.
R3FFSPV8BJ3HK0	1.0	This has either been damaged during or was sold with ...	0	0	This has either been damaged during or was sold with internal flaws. Quite dissatisfied may return pending tech support from two trusted sources...battery is weak when fully charged...screen dim...slow or non responsive to many gestures and taps.
R2GVRMUYUXW497	3.0	Apple iPad recieved by Cathy Thomas	0	0	The packaging was not effective. In shipment the Ipad box was slightly open because it had no celephane around it like it had been previously opened. No bubble wrap on one side of the Ipad. This was a gift so I only hope the ipad was not damaged.
R2SFH995NEWHD2	5.0	AMAZING!	0	0	I was little worried about purchasing this item on Amazon. However, once I was assured that this product is just like purchasing one from the Apple Store and the price is amazing not to mention the endless accessories; I am glad with my purchase.
RJBXKAWGGMSDD	5.0	It just works	0	0	I use this daily. I love it. I purchased the 64 GB version so I can store movies on it while traveling. Works like a charm. Retina display is phenomenal. Ipad is solid and responsive. The OS is stable. It just works like it's supposed to.
RZC0AJZRC4L4U	5.0	Husband loved his Christmas gift!	0	0	I bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband. He had been playing online games on his iphone 5. It turned out to be the perfect gift for him. I later ordered the screensaver and the case so if you're going to buy - get all three :)
R2UGXKJ3APLDKK	5.0	Perfect ipad	0	0	Very easy to use ,Packaging and delivery are very fast, I am very satisfied with the shopping,It has been proved that ipad4 is a better choice for me Considering the price Although I have ipad3.I'd recommend this product for those who haven't .
R2BRC49DS0PBQR	5.0	IPAD 32 GB	0	0	Awesome purchase! Just what we were seeking in an IPAD at a very good price. Was easy and a pleasure doing business with this seller. We are thoroughly enjoying our new IPAD and intend to purchase another. 32GB is perfect for our intended use.
R1IBSHCJE55DM2	4.0	iPad is like new. Works perfectly	0	0	iPad is like new. Works perfectly. The only reason I gave it four stars is that it came with one of those cheap charger wires. Not a major problem since I have an iMac and iPhones. Packed well and not a scratch on it. Arrived ahead of schedule.
RCRSQ3O9IZ1TO	5.0	this was nice	0	0	I gave my wife my 3rd generation and bought this one. this was a good buy. not to expensive and a very good device. I hope all of you out there can get a deal like I did. contact this company and just maybe. my thank to those that sold it to me
R24KSYQ56VN7V2	5.0	As good as they describe!	0	0	Perfect tablet. Yes it is pricey but the retina display is fantastic.Useful for a bunch of things...no need to bring a laptop anymore. I highly recommend the most memory you can afford though - especially if you use it for photography business.
R1BFR96O3AY7XP	5.0	Apple iPad with Retina Display MD526LL/A (32GB, Wi-Fi + Verizon, White) 4th Generation	0	0	Like this iPad. Works great, no problems. Use right now only wi-fi. Fast connection to internet. Later planning to use cell service from Verizon. 32 GB is good enough for many apps and storage for photos and documents. This is my 5th iPad.
R3M0BX474N3VQC	5.0	Can't put it down!	0	0	Absolutely amazing! The Retina display is clear and crisp, the battery holds a charge for days even with prolonged use, and iOS is a solid operating system! I use mine for work and play and it has yet to let me down once. Very, very satisfied!
R32GKAUG6U5DSL	5.0	Awesome tablet!	0	0	Bought this for my sister and she is very happy with it! Screen is unbelievably clear! An amazing tablet! I have a Samsung tablet and although that screen has better specs, side by side comparison with the apple and the apple wins hands down,
R1P0ZZRW1PX455	5.0	she was so happy..	0	0	Christmas gift for my wife... have become an ipod widower... she was so happy... but she still loves me ...( maybe even more )... set up was fairly easy but sure wish apple included an manual as downloading from the apple site is 168 pages...
RT35OS37NAUSX	5.0	Great Experience All Around	0	0	Love this light weight device! Fast, easy to set up and the experience with the seller was 5 star! Product arrived on time as promised and brand spanking new. I would recommend this seller and would be pleased to do business with them again.
R45X91WN56R4H	1.0	Huge Waste of time	0	0	Don't buy this one. I have already returned it. The sole purpose of purchasing the one with 3G is because I wanted to use the 3G not just Wifi. When I took this to Sorint the could not activate it because it was locked. Huge Waste of time!!
R33P43IML8OPAX	5.0	Like it	0	0	The delivery was delayed quite a bit. Apple should include or build-in a screen protector. I had to pay extra to get those. When we connect the genuine 'lightining' cable that came with the iPad, it always says it is not for this product.
R14K8KXYNKUC44	5.0	I love it!	0	0	The ipad arrived before the expected date. The conditions were great, the product was exactly what I was expecting and it really met all my needs. The only thing is that I wish the ipad 4 was not that heavy, but ok, I'm happy with it anyway.
R3CPC184W25OYI	5.0	Perfect condition	0	0	The iPad 4 with retina display is stunning to watch, the picture quality is better than expected. The seller sold it as in brand new condition and I couldn't tell that it was ever opened. The packaging and shipping were great and very quick.
RWAMOQUJPX02A	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Yah, it's an iPad, enough said!
R4N0N7TJNSK4I	5.0	excellent,	0	0	I gave my wife my old Ipad and bought this one, I love it, use it for everything. Do a lot of reading with it and it works great. Does most anything I need, hardly use my laptop anymore. It is not dramatically different from my old one.
R1XJSB2P5SKIZM	5.0	another Apple winner!	0	0	I'm a "Mac Guy", so slipping into this was beyond easy! Coupled with my Snugg leather cover, it's a great "go-between" from my ipod and Mac Book. I wouldn't hesitate recommending it to anyone, and especially through Amazon!
RGWGKTHPCHKLB	5.0	So Happy I sent back the Nexus 7	0	0	So Happy I sent back the Nexus 7, this iPad is my first apple product and I love how it and any app I buy for it works without a hitch; unlike the Nexus 7 that was a problem from day one and none of the custom apps I bought for it worked
R2IIRKXT0OST3G	5.0	IPad is great. Can sit in easy chair all day and ...	0	0	IPad is great. Can sit in easy chair all day and play with email, google , etc. Best computer yet, is fast, reliable, up to date. Can use remote printer, which works great. So far, I would highly recommend this iPad for any level user.
R3E5YYWFEP5D8Z	5.0	Good Product	0	0	I purchased this for one of my nephews and he has had no complaints. It works as intended. He loves it and carries it everywhere. The retina display is brilliant and really brings the games he plays to life in vibrant, stunning colour.
R2SYY8FR112ONY	5.0	Excellent	0	0	Another outstandingly designed and constructed product from the folks known for their attention to design and construction. I cannot add anything new to the reviews for this device. The screen is sharp, the design is solid and it works.
R2GHNBOUECH4H1	5.0	Outstanding Product	0	0	Package arrived in an easy open box; I-Pad unpacked easily, charged and ready to operate. No instruction manual needed, set-up was user-oriented and very intuitive. My first Apple product. Don't know why I didn't buy one years sooner!
R3SL69ZMSVAX38	5.0	Ipad retina	0	0	This is a wonderful tablet. It is extremely user friendly and I love the keyboard, especially in landscape view. Delivery time was excellent and I am giving it an all round 5 stars. Thanks Apple and Amazon for a great product.
R157NL1WTYRZ1R	5.0	Amazing!	0	0	I was somewhat skeptical of purchasing this online for my 9 year old son. However it arrived on time and we were all pleased and my son of course was extatic to say the least. I did purchase the square trade protection plan as well.
RKLJF1UUCFEMK	5.0	The product is excellent. I love it	0	0	The product is excellent. I love it. It works fine. Has everything that I need. A good deal on amazon. It arrived in time and in excellent condition. Delivered to my hotel as instructed, as I was travelling and needed it that time.
R2WQRGUS4BOSMA	5.0	Great iPad at great price!	0	0	Love the product! this is my first Apple product even though I have worked on them over the years. Now is see where the love of these products comes from. I Got a great deal and it came before projected date of delivery. LOVE THAT.
R10FNK0932CFHP	5.0	Very disappointed! I had to take it into Apple to ...	0	0	Very disappointed! I had to take it into Apple to get it looked at and they informed me it wasn't even the iPad I thought I purchased. They did return the cost after I returned it, however I would have rather of had the iPad I ordered.
ROB2BTETWOP2H	5.0	Wnderful product	0	0	The iPad for is a great product for college, it is very convenient to have your books right on your tablet. Not having to carry a huge book to class is amazing. Great features and games from the store is also available. I love my iPad.
R3IKAV7VU2JVNN	4.0	Happy Birthday	0	0	This was a gift for my mother's Birthday. She is not very " tech savy " and so far has been able to do what she wants with it. Hopefully she will take the time figure out some the other features its capable of !
RTE6V4PVERY32	5.0	Apple 16 GB iPad	0	0	Great retina display really displays pictures well. Using with my clients with TBI, this and the great variety of games/apps available will really be a great needed assist in my line of work.Purchased the Otter Box case to protect it.
R21014497MJUE7	5.0	Fabulous	0	0	After careful deliberation and investigation we felt that the Apple iPad with Retina Display 64 GB would meet all of our needs. We will link it to an aviation program as is done in cockpits of airliners. Couldn't be happier with it.
R1VGAXVW44TIMT	3.0	Look-wise no issues, but it is slow on performance ...	0	0	Look-wise no issues, but it is slow on performance. Browsing and loading/running videos from internet is very slow. I have another one of same kind which is way faster than this one. Don't know if this is because of refurbished iPad.
R30YKKT2IA9JS7	5.0	Thanks!	0	0	The iPad can very well packaged and looked in excellent condition. My only criticisms are probably not related to the seller. The iPad charges extremely slowly compared to my iPhone. The camera on the iPad is really horrible quality.
R1KLIODZ9XGDND	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great...wife uses it everyday.
R19YA19WTA6H2M	5.0	Fabulous	1	1	How can you not love these???!
RMQERHAHEB3WD	5.0	Love my new iPad!!	0	0	Got mine for 550. It works great! It's strange using this iPad then going to my iPhone.. It makes the iPhone look so small and I feel like I'm going blind when I look at my iPhone after using the iPad for a while. Great product!!
R5UV8M6MOEEWJ	5.0	great	0	0	it does every thing i thought it would. mnow my wife and i can both be doing something on the internet at da same time.also picture taking is easy and pictures look great . i have reccomened this to everyone in my circle of friends.
R3U49D2XS870BR	5.0	Clear and precise definition	0	0	Love my IPad withRetina display! The color display and camera are truly in high definition. I don't leave home with out it, and the 32 GB lets me keep everything on one device so I don't need to fill up my phone with too many apps.
R2UTIUU190MSJO	4.0	This iPad is the most amazing and useful electronic I have used besides the phone	0	0	This iPad is the most amazing and useful electronic I have used besides the phone. I use it daily to read books, use apps, pictures, work, and school work. Retina display is extremely clear. The iPad is pretty durable and perfect!
R1DP0E3NRWZTGN	4.0	So Far So good	0	0	We like this Ipad. It is pretty easy to get the hang of it, has great screen resolution, and runs as it should 95% of the time. It seems to have issues with a few of the apps, but other than that issue, does what we bought it for,
R1LWBUDD5DUEYV	5.0	Best iPad ever.	0	0	This arrived faster than expected and has worked great. I used it to restore a unit that I lost and while at it, I decided to upgrade. Everything's seems great, I use it a couple of hours every day. Extremely reliable and fun.
R10PQ0C71G45R8	5.0	I'm so glad I purchased it	0	0	What can I say? I am crazy about my new iPad. This is the first one I've owned but have no learning curve because it operates the same as my iphone. I'm so glad I purchased it. It came earlier than expected and that pleased me.
RU7GFC4XAED2B	4.0	Favorite purchase of the year	0	0	When I first got it my music wouldn't download from the cloud. Went to local apple store reset the iPad and it was perfect. The iPad is wonderful,I take it with me everywhere. It's really fast the retina display makes pics vivid.
RZ49B6PRKTUR6	5.0	LOVE IT!!	0	0	This is my first Apple product and to this day I love my Ipad. I bought some really cute accessories and together its bomb!! Great price, I just wish I would have bought it with a service plan. Very satisfied with it.
R1J1CT74SUP14O	5.0	Absolutely love my iPad	0	0	Two Kindles later I finally got an iPad. There isn't any comparison ..... The iPad is lightning fast, and the Wireless network connection was incredibly easy to set up. The Kindle Fire can't even access the google play store.
R3A3VKF2JVWFHQ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	See stars for recommendation.
REQL0P6K5TUCZ	5.0	Everything I expected	0	0	I really enjoy this IPad,,,great up grade from the first IPad,,,which I had,,,everything seller said it was,,very pleased with it..Got iPad delivered when they said it would arrive,,I was like a little kid in a candy store!!!
RYD539K8C22NX	5.0	Love	0	0	I had been contiplating for a while to get an I pad and I am glad I finally did. Only con I can see is it can't do office docs and you can't access things on flash player. Other than that it is great for browsing and playing.
R12MZ6F1FU5RS5	5.0	The Best so far	0	0	The newest version of the ipad and I have to say it rocks! The video quality is awesome, its fast and having the higher memory is so much better that I'm almost glad I dropped my last one on the floor and had to replace it!
R10NM6WCEMJP6	5.0	love love love this ipad	0	0	love love love this ipad! i did get a wireless keyboard and a stand and use it at my desk for typing things like this review, but i also love that i can play with it in my backyard, on the couch, in bed.. such a great item!
RYA4MH1GERJPG	5.0	iPad	0	0	I love my iPad! I carry it now instead of my laptop!!! What a convenience! And it is so much lighter than the laptop so when you are travelling, it makes it so much lighter, plus I don't have another bag to carry around.
R1DCBDRVZSLMEK	5.0	The new iPad is just what this 60+ year old heavy user needs at a terrific price. Great display	0	0	This is replacement for my broken iPad 2 which survived 4 drops before it threw in the towel. The new iPad is just what this 60+ year old heavy user needs at a terrific price. Great display, excellent speed and very stable
RRHT2RPFVSHWU	1.0	Not worth it!	0	0	Product worked a couples months. Now it won't charge or turn on. I originally got this to replace my older ipad, but my older one is outlasting this one with no bugs or issues. Should have just stayed with the old version.
R2KS7LOT650UE1	5.0	does my wife love this. I was scared about getting the right ...	0	0	Wow, does my wife love this. I was scared about getting the right iPad but she is so happy with it. The screen size is much better than the mini and it isn't too heavy. I have heard no complaints and she is always on it.
R2XGVT2QR82N41	5.0	The Best Yet	0	0	This iPad, fourth-generation, is the ticket. It's a great device. Perfect for watching movies, browsing the Internet, making purchases online. Etc. The display is absolutely crystal clear, another great product from Apple.
R1OHYD0SXMOQ57	5.0	Excellent product	0	0	Can't believe the price offered on this iPad. Received the unit within a week and was packaged well. Very east to set up and all my purchased items were stored on the cloud and downloaded easily. Very happy with the iPad 4
R16LOA2D1I8KJB	5.0	iPad	0	0	This nothing more to say for this because it speak for it self the apple iPad 4 god I'm glad I bought this baby for me for movies, games and music and I bought it for my mother for work and to keep in touch will all of us.
R3IVDF53K3XXDI	5.0	If the wife loves it I love it	0	0	Finally gave in and got the ol lady one of these overpriced pancakes. Purly a puchase on a want basis. Hey look its a laptop with out a keyboard maybe we can get rid of having to touch it to do things. O yea google glass.
RJ04896LZSN4H	5.0	Great, Fast, Trustworthy!	0	0	Fast shipping and a great product! It came as described in "Very Good" condition with only two small scratches that are barely visible with my case on! I definitely recommend this seller. He earned the five stars!
R3A9R2ITBYD1ZH	2.0	The iPad itself is A-1 however the charger that it ...	0	0	The iPad itself is A-1 however the charger that it came with does not work leaving me with an expensive paperweight as I've been unable to purchase a new one until tomorrow... Update, the cable it came with lit on fire!!!
R2GNMRR3XZI7QG	4.0	Love it.	0	0	Great tablet works great I'm glad I got it , Great screen resolution movies look really good on this almost 10 inch screen. It's my first time. Just starting to learn how to use it and it seems pretty easy as I go along.
R3DJJM0HD2QV0A	4.0	new to apple products	0	0	It is taking a little getting used to, but does what I had hoped. The speech app mimics a special purpose communication device that costs 20 times as much. I think we will like it even more as we learn to use it fully.
R229B4CDBJMJ1N	5.0	Bought as a gift	0	0	This was a purchase for my mother. She has already gotten hours of enjoyment and I expect she will for years to come. Awesome buy for the price and with 64gb. She will have a unit that's usable for a long time to come.
R3KCCLGV4WLJ5P	5.0	Great One....	0	0	Good to have tablet like this. One cannot find everything in one but considering that I'll have it for at least a years. I used it every day and so far no complaint. if you are looking for tablet then don't miss this.
R1I8XC9E1H8101	5.0	Wonderful Item!	0	0	I am very pleased with this Ipad! It is everything that I expected it to be. And, there is no other place like Amazon when it comes to purchasing an item you want. They stand behind EVERYTHING they sell. Thanks Amazon!
RW7MJ5CX4W2GN	4.0	Battery life	0	0	The iPad is wonderful; it's better than I expected. However, the battery life is horrible. It takes 6 to 8 hours to fully charge. Plus, the iPad will not charge while in use. Apple definitely needs an update for this!
R1UAWG943EJJK0	5.0	Love it!	2	3	User friendly, easy to learn. I bought this when my very old PC desktop started having serious issues. It is now my only computer. No complaints-highly recommend.
RM613KV30EHBB	5.0	... it but it hs more than tripled my expectationsthe best part is being able to video tapiny my aquariums ...	0	0	i did not know what to expect when i bought it but it hs more than tripled my expectationsthe best part is being able to video tapiny my aquariums and see my fishes swimming natually sorry it took so long to try it
R1P3ZI4FSDFR0G	4.0	Late is better than never	0	0	It didn't say at the time, but apparently it was back-ordered. So even though it was Amazon Prime, it took 5 or 6 days to get to me. Other than that, everything about it is perfect and brand new. Couldn't love it more
R16XYXHJUU7NUA	5.0	BUY IT......seriously buy it you'll love it	0	0	absolutely love it. apple has once again exceeded my expectations. my suggestion go with the 32 or 64GB. when you buy it make sure you buy screen protector too. don't wait until you get then buy the screen protectors.
R3UU1I43QQXO8I	5.0	Great addition to my toys	0	0	Spend all evening on my ipad. I didn't think it would be such an important part of my entertainment, but you can play games, do puzzles, read books, surf and shop... it has caused me to rarely open my laptop anymore.
RZ18H0R8GJLXV	4.0	Good product but no WOW affect	0	0	Surprised at my expected response from this product. Sometimes when I swipe on the lower part of the screen the pages do not advance, I have to move slightly higher to get the pages to turn. I expected more i guess.
R11I1CRSOWNRFO	5.0	Works like its brand new	0	0	Took a chance and bought a refurbished one. Works like its brand new. I love being able to take it with me no matter where I go and have important things that I need for work instead of having to use a laptop for it.
R949IQDWX03Q2	5.0	They are easy to use	0	0	This is the second one we have bought. The first almost a year ago, no problems. The second no problems since started, but we only have about a month on it. They are easy to use, user friendly and just a handy tool.
RAO2502XU2HIB	4.0	great ipad	0	0	I appreciate ipad design and great content especially the possibility to be connected everywhere with possibility of listenning radios and watching TV worlldwide. I will recommend ipad to all my contacts. Great job!
R2E6GNWSHLHG7X	5.0	Gifts to Love	0	0	I purchased these as gifts as I love my iPad and knew. The people who received these would fee the same way. And by all reports the just love the iPads and tell me again,and again how thankful they are to have them.
ROEQX79Z3VB59	5.0	Ipad 4	0	0	Love this product. Will worth the investment! Think of the purchase in that sense. I'm extremely happy with the ipad retina, I plan to go back to school ( working on masters) so this will be the perfect tool for me.
R1RZ4FTBN6HF3A	5.0	IPad Retina Display	0	0	This is my first iPad but not my first electronic device. I am enjoying it immensely! It is a little bit of a leaning curve, as I am a long time MS user. But it's coming along and I am enjoying my "new toy".
R3Y1XL6GT3TIJ	5.0	A gift for my sister!	0	0	I usually go online for shopping and i ran into this beautiful Newest IPAD which is cheap and made my sister happy. All in all I like the product and I will sure shop on this seller again. Very Accurate description.
R2KJ92N7HUIPED	5.0	love it	0	0	I am extremely happy with the quality of the display. The ipad is exactly what I was looking for in a tablet. We are planning a trip to Germany and expect to use it for referencing and to take pictures and movies.
R1W4T44YTU5M2M	5.0	Made a GREAT anniversary present	0	0	Bought this for my husband as anniversary present. He is so thrilled with it. It replaced an older version and he is like a kid in a candy store with all of the new features. Loves the Retina Display on it as well.
RS16UQY7LGCM3	5.0	The newest Apple iPad is the best!	0	0	This is my first tablet...I am very happy with the iPad! I did a lot of research and the iPad won all comparisons hands down. It's fast and I really don't miss carrying my laptop everywhere. The quality is amazing.
R1C8GANV5V1S7N	5.0	Apple is quality	0	0	Just quality products again and again. Had an android tablet and constantly had to worry about notifications draining my battery. iPad screen is beautiful, bright, great for games and photos. My daughter loves it.
R31Y2WU2CTPWV	5.0	Good deal	0	0	I had a I-pad 3rd generation and it was stolen by a Thrifty car rental employee in Key West Airport!! I purchased this and love it. The 4th generation is great. I would recommend purchasing from Amazon anytime!!
