R3M37E07KXEPVP	5.0	One hell of a tablet	1190	1214	*** Updated 5/8/2014 - if you're using Dolphin Browser with Adobe Flash player do yourself a favor and do NOT update Dolphin Browser if prompted to in the Google PlayStore. It seems like every time they update Dolphin there's a chance for Flash to no longer work without jumping through more hoops *** I come from a Windows OS background and I'm an ex-Apple iPhone (now Galaxy Note 2) and iPad user. I've been waiting a long time for a tablet like this to be released: a large screen, expandable memory and the freedom of Android. Thanks to my Note 2 I have a little over a years of experience with Android OS but I knew what to expect from the Note Pro 12.2. Originally I had my eyes set on the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition (32GB, Black), after months of waiting and playing I decided to bite the bullet and buy it. Just before doing so I read of a possible 12" model coming out in the following year so I figured another 6 weeks of waiting can't hurt and patience definitely paid off. Comparing the Note 10.1 2014 Edition and the Note Pro 12.2: One big issue that annoyed me with the Note 10.1 2014 Edition ("14E") was the ridiculous My Magazine app that never goes away. It constantly hogs system resources as it runs in the background even after forcing shut downs of the app, and disabling the Home button link to this app didn't help as it would just keep running in the background. I noticed that the 14E was constantly using 1.5-1.7GB of its 3GB RAM total at all times even after factory resets, disabling apps and reboots. Thankfully the Note Pro 12.2 ("NP12") doesn't have this issue as it hovers around 1.2GB of memory used after a reboot. Even having pages of the magazine feeds and widgets running it still allocates memory usage better and best of all: no pesky My Magazine app! Luckily I was able to compare both tablets side by side at the local Best Buy. This was a large factor in my decision to go with the NP12 over the 14E. Both tablets are about the same when it comes to hardware but there are other major differences between the two. Let's go over some of the features that the NP12 has over the 14E... 1. Over 2 extra inches of real estate on the screen. This means writing on the NP12 with the stylus while in portrait mode is very much like writing on a real piece of 8.5 by 11 inch piece of paper, aka standard notebook paper. The palm rejection does a great job of making sure only the stylus gets recognized for input (if you want that on). I find that a 10 inch screen is too cramped to comfortably write notes on. Do your research, this is a 12 inch tablet so don't be surprised and don't consider it a downside. 2. Larger, longer lasting battery rated at 13 hours (9,500 mAh) versus the 14E's 9 hours (8,220 mAh). My mixed use gets me anywhere from 8 to 12 hours before plugging it in for a charge, depending on what apps I'm using and what the brightness/volume is set at. Lots of gaming/graphic intensive apps will exhaust the battery quickly whereas reading PDFs, E-books, etc. is where the battery really stretches its legs. There are numerous settings and options for the tablet to use minimum energy which I will go over later. 3. Multitasking on the NP12 is fantastic. Multi Window allows you to run 2, 3 or 4 apps on screen at once (the 14E supports up to 2 apps side by side). There are many apps compatible with Multi Window. You can also resize the windows depending on where you need the most room on the screen. Chatting with friends on Hangouts, surfing on Dolphin Browser, watching your favorite movie and checking/writing Emails all on the same screen is productivity at it's finest. You can save Multi Window templates too for quick access so that you don't need to drag the apps one by one every time you want to multitask. Just select your template and all the apps open up automatically. I usually have 3 apps going at once: Video (or Music) at the top left, AquaMail at the bottom left and Dolphin Browser taking up the entire right side of the screen. Bonus feature: there is a trick that allows more than 4 apps open at once on the NP12, up to 9 apps total. First use Multi Window to load up whatever 4 apps you want on the screen, then hold the S-pen above the screen and press the pen's button which bring up Air View. On the Air View pop-up select Pen Window. Now use the S-pen to draw a box and then choose an app to launch in that box. The app loads up in the box you drew. It comes up as a floating window that can be resized, moved around on the screen and also minimized to a floating "bubble" that you can move around anywhere you want. You can do this 5 times total. So 4 apps via Multi Window and 5 apps via pen window. The Multi Window apps are all joined on the main screen while the 5 pen window apps are solo floating windows and can be minimized to a bubble to have them out of the way. Pretty cool! 4. KitKat 4.4: the new "Magazine Home" user interface (UI) is a little like Windows 8 but at the same time its different. After playing with it for a little while you'll actually want to use it and set up multiple pages filled with your news subscriptions, feeds, widgets, etc. I did not think I would like the dashboard/widget style UI but on a screen this size it works well and looks great. Basically you can set up different pages filled with all sorts of widgets ranging from: Application widgets (Email, Calendar, Music, Video etc.) Social widgets (Twitter, Flickr, YouTube etc.) News widgets (Art & Culture, Science & Technology, News, Style, Sports, Business, etc.) Each news category has dozens and dozens of publications to subscribe to and I find myself spending more time reading articles than I ever thought I would. If you're not a fan of the new UI the familiar Android desktop is still there with your standard icons and widgets. If you'd rather customize the tablet completely I highly recommend Nova Launcher. Those are the main differences to me. Now onto some general information about the tablet as well as apps I use and features worth checking out: Like every other phone, tablet and computer out there the NP12 does come with some bloatware. There are different types of bloatware so I'll cover each one: 1. Some preloaded apps can be uninstalled completely giving you back some minor storage space. This is a good thing. 2. Some preloaded apps cannot be uninstalled and instead can have "most" of their data cleared and then "turned off" - these apps remain installed on the tablet but are disabled. Some of the preloaded apps that can only be "turned off" are Chrome, e-Meeting, DropBox, Gmail, Google+, Twitter, Cisco WebEx and others. These are just some that I do not use myself so I turned them off. Even when turned off/disabled, these apps still take up some room but its very little, 5MB or less per app. 3. Some apps cannot be uninstalled nor can they be turned off. They can have most of their data cleared though. Either way this is just plain stupid. I can only think of two off the top of my head: Evernote and RemotePC. I don't use these particular apps at all so why can't I at least disable them so they don't show up in my apps list? Both of these apps use about 9MB of space combined. Again it's not a deal breaker for me but Samsung y u do dis?! I bought the 32GB model. The tablet needs about 6-6.5GB for the operating system and preloaded software/apps. Out of the box you have around 25.5GB of space to play with, this of course depends on what preloaded apps you choose to keep/update or disable/uninstall so your free space will vary. A great investment would be a SanDisk Ultra 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Card 30MB/s with Adapter SDSDQUA-064G-U46A, which gives you another 60GB~ of extra space for apps, movies, music, pictures, whatever you want to put on it. This SD card plus the tablet's free space adds up around 85GB which for me was more than enough. It's very easy adding your media files to the SD card, just plug the card into your PC with the supplied adapter and create folders like Music, Movies, etc. then copy/paste or drag and drop Artists folders into the Music folder, and videos into the Movies folder. I loaded music, movies and pictures on the SD card and I leave the tablet's internal storage for apps since applications seem to run faster off of the internal storage as opposed to off the SD card. If you think you need more space you can go big with SanDisk's newest 128GB card also found on Amazon. The screen is beautiful. High quality photographs and wallpapers at the native resolution (2560x1600 or bigger) look really, really good. If you're looking for some stunning wallpaper for your tablet check out: interfacelift.com/wallpaper/downloads/date/widescreen_16:10/2560x1600/ This model is WiFi ONLY! There is NO slot for a SIM card. The WiFi model also works with your MiFi device and can also connect to the internet via a mobile hotspot such as your iPhone or Galaxy smartphones. I use my Note 2 smartphone as a mobile hotspot and it works great. If you are looking for the 4G/LTE version you'll need to check out the model that Verizon offers. It's available through Verizon or here on Amazon, just search "note pro 12.2 verizon" GPS - yes the tablet has GPS built in, you do not need to be connected to the internet for GPS to work (such as the Google Maps app). Hancom Office is included with the NP12. This is Microsoft Office for Android, simple as that. You get full versions of word processing (Word), spreadsheets (Excel), and slideshow (PowerPoint). It all works very well with the large 12.2" screen and I find it very familiar after using MS Office for so long. You can even open existing word, excel and powerpoint documents with Hancom Office and continue editing and creating. Hancom Office is fantastic, however I must admit it was a little involved to get it up and running, so I will explain as best I can: After the initial setup of your NP12, go to your apps (bottom right, little white squares) and launch the "Samsung Apps" app, it will require an update so go ahead and download then install the update. After that is done, go back to your apps and launch Hancom Viewer (there is also a Hancom widget in one of the two default Magazine Home screens if you want to launch it that way). When you launch it a small white box should come up and it will say installing fonts and files, etc. so let it do that and when its done the Hancom Viewer app should open completely. On the left side select Office Download, then OK. This should open the Hancom Office Update Manager. When you do this there's a good chance the Update Manager will prompt you to update it so go ahead and do that. After its updated you can launch it again, the Hancom Office Update Manager is where all the Hancom apps are downloaded/updated/installed. You'll see 12 rows of Hancom apps such as Hcell, Hshow, Hwp, etc. Update and/or install all the ones that need to be done by pressing the rectangular button at the far right of each row. Each time you press the install or update button on the far right it will take you to Samsung Apps where you can press the Update button. Go ahead and update all 12 apps if needed, some may already be updated but will need to be installed (or vice versa). Once every button on all 12 rows is greyed out in Hancom Office Update Manager, then you know you're done! Now just go to your apps and launch whichever one you like. Hcell is excel, Hshow is powerpoint, and Hword is word processor. Hangouts is a cool app and it comes with the tablet. It lets you text/message anyone with an email address or phone number. If you are familiar with iMessage then you know what this is. *** UPDATED BELOW Dolphin Browser is a must for surfing the web. It is fast, supports tabs, and has a cool feature named speed dial. A speed dial is a bookmark placed on the Dolphin home screen for easy, one-tap access to the webpage. You can have pages of speed dials, its very useful and beats going down a list of bookmarks looking for a particular site. Perhaps the best feature of Dolphin Browser is that it supports Adobe Flash and Java. I bet your iPad can't do that! What is Adobe Flash? Many of the websites you visit require flash to display the content properly, some websites even have flash animation and to play those you will need the flash player. One example of flash required content is Youtube videos, and Youtube videos that are embedded in other websites. Here is how to enable Flash on the NP12: cultofandroid.com/49840/install-flash-player-android-4-4-kitkat/ *** NOTE: the link to download the Flash Player Installer on the website above is broken. Here is an updated working link for the Flash Player installer: downloadandroidfiles.org/Files/Apps%20%28APK%29/KitKat.Adobe.Flash.Player.11.1.apk When you're all done installing Flash player you should head over to the official Adobe Flash website to test the flash player so that you know it works. On the website you should see a bouncing red box. If not just refresh the page and you should see it the second time around. The Adobe page to test your flash player is: adobe.com/software/flash/about/ PROTIP: ONCE YOU GET DOLPHIN BROWSER AND FLASH PLAYER UP AND RUNNING, DO NOT UPDATE DOLPHIN BROWSER IN THE PLAYSTORE UNLESS ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY. It's not worth taking the chance of the update messing up Flash Player. Amazon Instant Videos - yes, you can watch them on this tablet. Yes, you'll need Dolphin Browser and Adobe Flash installed and correctly configured. If you followed the aforementioned links you should be all set by now. Here is another link specifically dealing with streaming Amazon Instant Videos on KitKat 4.4, which is the tablet's operating system. This worked for me and it should work for you!: the-digital-reader.com/nates-reviews/stream-amazon-instant-videos-android-tablet/ *** UPDATED ABOVE Splashtop 2 Remote Desktop is a remote desktop app that you can download for free and in my opinion works better than the RemotePC app that comes preloaded on the tablet. This app allows you to access your PC or Mac's desktop environment so that you basically have your entire PC/Mac on your tablet. It takes advantage of the 12.2" screen by filling it entirely with your computer's desktop. This is useful since you can run all your PC/Mac programs right on your tablet. It works really well and is probably my favorite app that I have come across. There is an optional paid upgrade to the app that let's you remote into your PC/Mac from anywhere. For now I am just using the free version to access my Windows PC, very cool and worth the download. If you want to connect this tablet to your HDTV, a projector or anything with an HDMI input, you'll need a Samsung MHL HDMI adapter. This adapter allows you to mirror your tablet's screen onto your HDTV or other source. I also noticed that you can play a movie on the tablet (which also displays on your TV) and still use the tablet for other apps while the movie plays uninterrupted in the background of the tablet but still in full view on the TV. In other words you can play your movies or shows on the big screen while surfing the net or whatever apps you want to use on the tablet. This adapter is available here on Amazon but I chose to buy mine off of ebay. If the one sold on Amazon does not say "shipped and sold by Amazon" there is a good chance you will get a cheap knockoff adapter that will not work, just read the reviews from other buyers for yourself. If you want to try your luck the adapter can be found here: Samsung ET-H10FAUWESTA Micro USB to HDMI 1080P HDTV Adapter Cable for Samsung Galaxy S3/S4 and Note 2 - Retail Packaging - White. The seller I found on ebay is selling the legitimate Samsung adapters that have the hologram sticker and QR Code on the box indicating that it is a genuine Samsung product. Mine arrived promptly and works great. Save yourself the headache and get a genuine one here: ebay.com/itm/350958988570 Bluetooth is available so you can connect a BT mouse and keyboard if you like. Samsung makes an S Action mouse especially for the Note Pro and Tab Pro line of tablets and it works very well. The mouse buttons are specifically linked to actions such as Recent apps, Multi Window, Back, Menu, etc. I got to play with this mouse recently and it's fun although I opted not to buy it as I don't see me using the mouse enough. If you are interested its available at Best Buy (search ET-MP900DBEGUJ) and here on amazon: Samsung S Mouse for Tablets (ET-MP900DBEGUJ) You can also connect USB peripherals to the tablet using a USB OTG cable like this: Black Color Micro USB 3.0 9pin OTG Host Flash Disk Cable for Samsung Galaxy Note3 N900 N9000 10cm. This allows you to connect a number of USB devices such as a mouse, keyboard, flash drive, external hard drive, even a PlayStation 3 controller to the tablet with the ability to access them - If you have a lot of movies on your external hard drive you can use the OTG cable to connect it to the tablet to watch movies. Another example is if you have a thumb drive on your keys, you can connect it to the tablet to access all your files. You can connect more than one USB device at a time by using a USB hub along with the OTG cable mentioned before. I don't recommend connecting more than two devices at the same time in the USB hub, especially if its a device that sucks up a lot of power like an external hard drive. Netflix, Vudu, Amazon Kindle, Google Earth all work great, no issues. If you want to stream video from the tablet to your Smart TV (like Apple AirPlay) check out the AllCast application made for Android devices. Extending battery life is simple: disable the vibration/haptic feedback and keyboard/stylus sounds as it really isn't necessary. Keep the brightness on Auto and the volume at half or less. When you're done using it for a while make sure you close all your apps and clear your RAM before putting it to sleep. This will greatly increase the standby time of the tablet so that when you pick it up again later it will still have lots of juice left in it. This is the procedure I do: Swipe down the top of the screen Clear your notifications by pressing the X under the sound bar Swipe down the top of the screen again Turn OFF WiFi (important) Press the "Recent apps" soft button (to the left of the Home button) Select Close all Press the Recent apps button again (no apps should be running now) Select Task Manager Select RAM manager on the left Press "clear memory" - do this AFTER closing your apps Press Home button Press Recent apps button a third time Select Close all (this closes Task Manager) Press Power button to put it in Sleep/Standby mode Doing the above every time sounds tedious but after a few times its second nature and you will notice the battery percentage stays where you left it (or it only drops only 1 or 2%) even after an entire 24 hours in standby. If you notice when opening/closing apps and switching between apps there is a slight visual delay, this is normal. It is meant to make the transition between apps look "pretty" - Microsoft OS and Apple iOS have something similar. This will eliminate the windows animation and transition effects which in a nutshell will make the tablet run much quicker and smoother: Swipe down and go to Settings Go to the General tab Scroll down to About Device Press the greyed out Build Number section continuously, 5-7 times Developer Options is now enabled right above About Device Under Developer Options, scroll down to the Drawing section Set all three of these settings to OFF: "Window animation scale" "Transition animation scale" "Animator duration scale" You'll notice how snappy it runs after doing that. Another available on/off toggle is the double-press Home button to bring up S-Voice. When you press the Home button twice quickly it will launch S-Voice. If you'd rather have this feature disabled read on: Launch S-Voice by pressing the Home button twice (or via apps > Samsung folder > S-voice) At the top right press the 3 small squares then select Settings On the next window the second row down is the "Open via the Home key" on/off toggle. Some apps that my girlfriend has recommended for drawing/painting/art. She is a graphic designer and bought her own Note Pro 12.2 soon after playing with mine so I will take her word for it. I have seen some of the pieces capable with this tablet and it is impressive. Also note that the files you create and save in some of these apps can be opened and worked on in Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop: Artflow Infinite Painter Sketchbook Pro Sketchbook for Galaxy (included with the tablet) Fresco Paint Pro Paperless Onto the accessories: I am using the Samsung 12.2" Book Cover with my NP12. It is well made, very sleek looking and does protect the back and corners well. The stand works well in both positions. Don't plan on taking too many pictures with this cover though because when opened the cover wraps around the back and blocks the camera lens. That is OK though because you should never be using a tablet to take pictures. Ever. Stop. No.... don't do it. You look ridiculous. I'm pretty sure there is a law against this - ipadisnotacamera.com - I rest my case. Anyway, I bought mine at the local Best Buy and you can find it on bestbuy.com - search for "samsung book cover 12.2" The IVSO Slim Smart Cover Case is nice too and protects the tablet a little better than the Samsung Book Cover but I find the IVSO's stand to be a little more flimsy and I don't like that it makes the tablet sit upside down (home button on top) when using it in your lap. On the plus side the camera lens isn't covered with this cover and there's a thin magnet that holds the cover to the tablet so it doesn't flop around. IVSO Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2/Tab pro 12.2 Ultra Lightweight Slim Smart Cover Case with Auto Sleep/Wake Function-will only fit Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2/Tab pro 12.2 Tablet (Black) I picked up this Galaxy Note Genuine Wacom Touch Pen 8pi Stylus (ET-S200EBEG) - Black. It is about the same thickness as a regular pen so its easier on your hand and it has an eraser on the end, too. Here's a tip: go to settings > controls > S-pen and at the top make sure "Turn off pen detection" is not checked, now you can use a second stylus without needing to remove the factory stylus from the tablet. If you're going to be using the S-pen a lot this is a very good investment. If you're looking for a great sleeve, check out the Merkury Innovations 12-Inch Solid Zipper Sleeve, Black/Blue (M-LL1090). It fits this tablet perfectly, even with the Samsung book cover on it and the quality is top notch. I love the fit and finish of this sleeve and how well it fits this particular tablet, the side pocket for the charge cable/external HDD is a bonus. Need a longer USB 3.0 charge cable? I bought one of these here on Amazon: Cable Matters SuperSpeed USB 3.0 Type A to Micro-B Cable in Blue 10 Feet. It works just as well as the factory cable for charging and is available in 6, 10 and 15 feet - useful if the nearest wall plug is too far away. I like choices so I bought another sleeve, this one has a handle though: Evecase 10.6~12 inch Tablet, Netbooks Ultraportable Neoprene Zipper Carrying Case with Dual Hidden Pocket & Handle - Black/ Red. This sleeve is great because of the handles so I can throw in the tablet and carry it around just like that. If using my backpack I'll use the other sleeve mentioned above inside my bag. This sleeve is just as nice as the other and also has a side pocket. The black/red color looks sharp. Last but not least: the User Manual. This has TONS of useful information about the tablet. Definitely worth it to look through this, in fact most questions that people keep asking about the tablet can be answered just by looking in the manual. The direct link to the PDF is: downloadcenter.samsung.com/content/UM/201403/20140312030602240/GEN_SM-P900_Galaxy_Tab_PRO_KK_English_User_Manual_NAE_F5.pdf If you have any questions just post a comment and I'll get back to you.
RU6XKJQEKQ6ZB	5.0	Not too big. great functionality for someone on the road or just at home	449	485	First let me say that I am an ex-apple customer that demanded more options and over time have switched from the iPhone to Note 3 and from an ipad to the Surface Pro and now to the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2. For those that have a Galaxy note phone, the Note Pro tablet is more than just a larger version of the same. The functionality is greater, the multitasking is excellent, and from both a personal and business use, it has met my every expectation. I will address a few areas of concern I had before purchase to try and help anyone that may be feeling the way I was. SIZE - my job has me on the road marketing every day. This tablet, to me, is portable enough to not be a problem or feel like I am lugging around something uncomfortable. I carry a clip board with a few forms and the note pro 12.2 in a slip cover case (until I can get my hands on the book cover case which is back ordered). When I read the initial reviews I was terrified to buy this thing sight unseen as many talked about it being too big or too heavy. It is not too big and the weight feels light next to the surface pro. If you are looking for a large tablet screen...This is for you. Also the large screen allows for the full size keyboard which is nice (this review is being typed on the screen) MAGAZINE UX - the difference in the updated interface had me scared. Is it like the new windows tiles? Is it completely different than what I am used to on the Galaxy Note 3 phone? Here is the deal. The Magazine UX is not bad. I am not a fan of the new Microsoft Windows tiles which i had on the Surface Pro. The UI is different and better in my opinion. You can set up your tablet to look almost identical to your Samsung Note phone if that is what you want. There has to be at least one screen of the magazine but to be honest, I have it set up to where I really like it. When I hit the button to go to the home screen it takes me to the same setup I have on my phone which is folders with different apps, time and weather, etc. 32 or 64 GB - Being an early adpoter, the 64gb model was not available on release. It is unlikely that you will be using this tablet to shoot a ton of HD video (which is the biggest storage hog) and with an addition of a 64GB sd card that you can swap out if needed, 32gb device memory works just fine. WiFi or 4G - that depends on your needs but if you can use your phone as a hotspot, why pay extra for a cell radio in the device plus pay more to add it to a cell plan? The answer for my needs was WiFi works perfect and tethers with my phone on the road. I can't say much about the battery life yet as I have only charged it once. It had about 50% charge when I pulled it out of the box after purchase. CONCLUSION - I was disappointed in the info updates on this device before the US release. All of the videos and reports were all from CES and there were no new hands on reports. I can tell you that this device has a premium price but also carries premium capabilities. If you just want to update a status on Facebook and play candycrush...This isn't for you unless you want to spend the money for the screen size. If you want a nice big screen to multitask and you are either familiar with Android or are willing to educate yourself on the possibilities. You will be impressed.
R17NYA6EFL1HHZ	5.0	Great Tablet! Well worth the price! w/ Bonus Zagg keyboard review!	207	223	April 2014 Update: It has been over a month of usage with the 12.2 and I have to admit my experience has become more and more positive. Things I am liking is the the stellar battery life, the way apps update to work better with 4.4os, the physical durability, the screen sharpness/brightness, and the internet browsing experience. I love the multi-day battery power you get. I realize even with the screen up at 80% brightness watching Netflix all day the battery still takes forever to drain. The only App that seemed to cause Battery drain and slow recharging issue was Word-With-Friends, Blurb Checkout and HP Printer Services. Once you delete those and make use of Task Manager to curb background activity everything improves. Also keeping GPS Antenna off helps. Apps seem to be updating regularly to work smoother on 4.4os and to also support the multi window display. So now more apps can be swiped into new windows when in multi window mode. By contrast I have some popular apps on my iPhone that are only now updating to work better with last year's iOS 7. I'm finding the feel of the tablet is great for daily use. I love the faux leather back and aluminum trim. You don't necessarily need a case like you would on a scratch prone-metallic iPad. The faux leather is soft to the touch and easy to grip, yet handles daily commuting bangs and scrapes well without any signs of wear and tear. One thing I didn't expect though is the faux leather to be a bit of a fingerprint magnet. I tried using other tablets since and I now realize how great the screen is. Apart from the slight fuzziness you get when importing low res pics (or browsing the Facebook/eBay app) hi res images, websites, eBook/Adobe Reader text and colors always look sharp and bright. I even take back what I said about the 10.1 Note Pro's screen being possibly better. The 12.2 has a greater overall screen. As long as you stay away from your Grandma's 1 MP pictures and don't expect extra sharp images on the Facebook and eBay app then this tablet will make you happy. Actually if you use Chrome or Internet to browse Facebook and eBay then the images will look sharper and will scaled up properly. This brings me to my final impressions for the 12.2: the web browsing experience is second to none! I'm very impressed with the consistent speed and page layout of the Chrome and Google web apps. This is the first tablet where I can say anyone's dependence on a full desktop PC or laptop PC for internet service will be greatly diminished. The only thorn in this positive is that Adobe Flash material may or may not load on certain websites but there is an Android Flash Player Patch (not found in the Play Store/Samsung Apps) that you can install thru your web browser to work around this. Positives aside there have been some hiccups with the 12.2. There is a slight interface delay when using the S pen on certain Apps. It works perfectly in S pen native apps. I don't find myself using S pen for what I normally do on my 12.2 so it is no bother to me but still worth mentioning. Also the Android/Samsung Gallery and File Management system can get cluttered if you tend to store a lot of documents and media. Add in the automatic Facebook/Dropbox media file import and you may find yourself lost in a sea of tricky to remove pictures that you never put on the tablet. However, coming from an iOs iPhone background where Apple manipulates your media and files for you I am actually enjoying the freedom of organizing my images and files the way I want. I don't really use the Magazine but, unlike widgets, the Magazine tiles do not auto update. [Yeah I checked with Samsung and] there is 'currently' no method for selecting them to automatically refresh with new stories and content. It has to be manually done for each tile every time you open Magazine. This actually defeats the purpose of what the feature is about-quickly exposing users to new and newsworthy information. On the flip side I'm curious how battery life will fare once Samsung allows background auto update of all those tiles. Over all I think anyone who chose this tablet will be happy. I still don't know why haters still rate the 12.2 low because Samsung wants $750 for a 12.2 tablet when in the same stores Samsung smart phones, iPads and iPhones sell for $799+. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- I originally wanted the Note 2014 10.1 for the holidays but decided to wait when the 12.2 appeared at CES. After seeing a some early online gadget reviews and videos I went into Best Buy held both the 10.1 and 12.2 and in under 3 minutes I was sold on the Pro 12.2. What I realized after looking at the 32GB 10.1 at $549 versus the 32GB 12.2 at $749 that for $200 more you get a lot more than just a bigger screen. After a month of daily use with my 12.2 did I make a good choice? Let's find out. PROS: The battery life is very good. I usually go all day with usage (bluetooth, wifi, apps running, screen brightness at 60%-auto brightness set to OFF) and never go below 70%. Some applications (words with friends) and widgets will drain battery quicker even if you are not directly using them so it is best to use the task and application manager in settings to see what is using your battery the most. Also GPS antenna being on all the time will kill the battery life. The first thing you will notice is that the 12.2 handles multiple tasks VERY quickly. It is not as quick as my iPhone 5S when opening heavy apps quickly like Facebook but because 99% of the time I am doing more than one thing at a time on my 12.2 any lag (minute as it maybe) is completely forgivable. In fact other than Facebook I have not notice anything to be slow on this tablet. YouTube, GPS-Google Earth/Maps, Web Browsing, Hancom Office, etc... can all run at 100% at the same time on the same screen. I had absolutely no issues with stuttering, slowing down or freezing up like some review videos have griped about. The software has updated since I took it out the box so that maybe the trick. Make sure to update your software and all the apps to get the most up to date performance. This tablet also doesn't get hot in my lap at all when doing heavy work. Netflix, YouTube, streaming Video playback is smooth, crystal clear Hi-Def and looks amazing! Images and text on Mazagine, web browsing apps, FlipBoard, emails, Adobe Reader, games, ebooks, etc... all look crisp, bright and vividly sharp. The Chrome and Internet web browsing apps are blazing fast! I never liked web browsing apps on tablets and mobile phones because it was never as quick and natural as internet on a PC or notebook but here it feels natural and fast. Pages are full pages and not scaled down versions of websites. I also found the Android web browsing experience MUCH BETTER than Safari on the iOS iPads. Contrary to some early YouTube reviews I did NOT find this tablet to be too big or heavy for one handed use. The average adult should be able to hold and use it in one hand while standing. The Note Pro 12.2 is the around the same weight as my fiancé's pre-iPadAir iPad3. At 8"+ by 11"+ inches the 12.2 Note Pro shares the same footprint as a standard sheet of paper (Go to your printer or office desk and pick up a standard sheet of paper it is the same size as this 12.2 tablet) If you are coming from an older 8" or 10" tablet then the Note Pro 12.2 will 'feel' much bigger but not much heavier. However if you are like me and never owned a tablet before while coming from a Laptop/Desktop background then the 12.2. will feel portable enough. In fact this tablet paired with the Zagg keyboard has already completely replaced my premium Lenovo Thinkpad for on the go Laptop duties. Speaking of Laptop PC Windows duties the Productivity Software that comes with the 12.2 is not the usual bloatware you would expect. In fact apps like Hancom and WebEx puts Windows Office to shame. These productivity apps put the practicality of Microsoft Office onto a tablet environment where everything runs smoothly (especially with S pen) without the costs, drama and high maintenance that you get with Microsoft Office products. I mainly use Hancom Word for writing (novels) and in this regard I recommend an external keyboard (like the Zagg) since the touch screen keyboard can hog some screen real estate. Other obvious positives to a 12.2 screen is that you can do way more stuff at the same time and this tablet does the job of multi windows smoothly. My only prior tablet experience was my fiance's iPad3 which interfaces only one app at a time. Having the 12.2 do more than one thing at once took some getting used to. It is fun and most practical. CONS: The 12.2 screen carries over the resolution from the Note 10.1's screen (why?). This means in apps like Gallery, Facebook and eBay some lower resolution photos do not scale up properly to fill out the bigger screen. Instead the Note Pro 12.2 tablet stretches out and enlarges images in these apps which results in slight fuzziness on those pictures. So if you are importing old school throw back pictures that you scanned back in 1999 then don't expect those pictures to look good here. On the Note 10.1 the same images would come out sharper on the smaller screen space. Lisa Gade at MobileTech has a brilliant side by side 10.1 vs 12.2 video on YouTube that shows this effect better than I can describe here. In fact isn't a big issue and most people who use hi-res pictures won't notice it at all. That said the camera on this tablet like all current tablets is quite crap compared to most high end cell phones or digital cameras. The camera app does have all the latest and greatest features but dont expect wallpaper quality pics. Use your samsung cell phone instead and import pics. Regarding the screen resolution I will add other apps like Adobe, Chrome/Internet, NYTimes and Magazine/FlipBoard have very crisp and clear images that are on par or better than iPad Retina's images so don't let that turn you away. My next gripe is in the box this tablet comes with nothing. You get the usb cord/charger combo, a quick start leaflet, and replacement nibs for the S pen. For $800 spent here I would have at least wanted headphones and a proper manual booklet (you have to search Samsung's website for the 178 page SM-P905 pdf file). Funny enough the SM-P905 manual when you download it has A LOT of important information regarding how to use this tablet properly. For one it warns "do not use a screen protector on the Note Tablets" which is the first thing we all buy for it. I use one anyway and it works fine with the S pen and touch controls. Be careful with where you buy your MicroSD card from. I went thru two eBay-bought SanDisk and Samsung 64gb cards, most likely fakes, that didn't work, died and almost damaged my Pro 12.2. I finally purchased the genuine Samsung 64gb card at my local Best Buy and it worked. Funny enough the eBay cards worked perfectly on my PC laptop and BlackBerry smartphone so that means the MicroSD card drive on this 12.2 tablet is very picky. One of my early concerns was out the box it took this tablet about 5 hours to charge from 70% to 100% and much longer to charge from near empty. To improve charging time I went to Application Manager->Running and deleted hidden background Bloatware like HP printer services, Blurb Checkout, etc... On kitkat 4.4 these sneaky apps remain running even after you sleep the tablet suckling away at your battery. With bloatware gone I now go from 30% to a full 100% charge in 4 to 5 hours. If that is too long for you then the LTE note pro 12.2 tablets will have batteries that charge much quicker but the downside is they will also die quicker than non-LTE models. Price was not a con for me but Samsung releases so many similarly priced tablets with a range of features that it makes me wonder if the Tab Pro 12.2 didn't come out at the same time would the retail for the Note Pro 12.2 be cheaper. Other than these minor gripes this is a perfect tablet for everyday use BONUS! ZAGG KEYBOARD REVIEW: I love that this keyboard works flawlessly, protects the screen when closed has great battery life. Also with its own leather stitched back matching the 12.2 perfectly BUT the Zagg is not a good case holder. The 12.2 lays facedown into the Zagg and clips on but the connection is loose and the tablet moves up and down inside the clips. Also removal of the tablet (as per the instructions) requires you to yank it up snapping back the holding clips open to release the tablet. The issue here is those clips are springy but still plastic and look like they will eventually break (I assume) from continued removal of the tablet. Furthermore you can easily pry or yank the wrong way and send the tablet flying across the room since it requires a bit of force. Also at $99.99 it is an overpriced keyboard accessory that isn't backlit and looks like it will wear out in a year or two of use. Already my spacebar key needs to be pressed really hard and in the center to work. I only purchased it at the time I picked my 12.2 because I needed a case right away and the only other case in Best Buy was $59.99. So I did the math and figured $40 bucks more got me a keyboard and stand for the 12.2. It does make a great stand. In retrospect I probably would not have bought the Zagg for more than $50 but I didn't really have a choice. It does its job with minimal features for the most part but do not expect a drop-proof case/holder or stellar desktop keyboard performance out of this product.
R1WWQDXQOZ5LER	5.0	Lovin' my BAT	84	88	Samsung proves what the ladies already know, bigger is better. The 12.2 Note Pro has received a high percentage of positive reviews on Amazon and other sites. Most professional reviewers, on the other hand, seem to think it's just too big, too heavy, too expensive, or it's just not an Ipad. Fortunately for me I've learned to take professional reviewers with a huge grain of salt. Thanks to reviews from real users on Amazon and balanced reviewers like Lisa Gade from Mobile Tech Review I was able to take the plunge when the Note Pro went on sale. And I love my Big Ass Tablet (BAT)! I wasn't sure I could use that word in my review, but I did a search on Amazon and found out they sell this Liquid Ass So I guess it's okay. I've owned two 7" tablets, two 10.1" tablets, and I recently bought the Samsung Tab Pro 8.4". The 7" were good for portability outside the home, while the 10.1" were good for couch surfing. I thought the 8.4" would be a good compromise between the two that I could use for both, and consolidate down to one size. However, after using the 8.4" for about a month I discovered my eyes aren't up to looking at a small screen for several hours at a time (reading/web surfing on the couch is my favorite past-time). The 8.4" has great resolution, but text is still small and zooming in just means you have to scroll a lot. However, it is great for portability outside the home, and I will keep it for that. The 12.2" offers no compromise web browsing and document reading. Rarely do I feel the need to zoom in. I'm also addicted to the S-pen. Love to use it for navigating my tablet, and I also prefer to write with the pen then use the onscreen keyboard. I guess it's Samsung tablets for me, until the competition catches up and produces something better. Some people might complain that the tablet is too heavy for couch surfing. I've solved this problem by modifying the Aerb case I got for the tablet Aerb® X Pro Series Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 Leather Case Cover Stand W Sleep Wake Function (for Galaxy Note Pro 12.2, Black Style A) By folding the cover of the case and securing it with four small binding clips I can use the case to prop up the tablet while lying on the couch or in bed. Weight becomes a non-issue and I only need to lightly grasp the tablet with one hand to keep it from tipping over. I've included some pictures to show you how I modified the case, for those that are interested (see the user supplied picture area of this product's web page). So far I'm completely satisfied with this tablet. My only complaint is the price. Wish it was more like $600. Even so, I'm livin' large and lovin' it! I hope Samsung keeps making this size tablet. It's ideal for my use.
R1T5127OGNXDR9	5.0	Simply Amazing!!	158	178	For those who've rated this low because of the size, do your research. Duh! It's a 12.2 inch tablet. I'm a cartoonist and really wasn't excited about spending $2K on a Wacom Cintiq Companion. I spent all of yesterday using this Samsung for drawing, web browsing, and calendar use. This is the best tablet I've ever owned and will use it daily. Yes, it's a bit on the expensive side, but for me, with how much I will be using it, and what I'll be using it for, I can more than justify the cost.
R2VXNBG4XXY26H	5.0	great for students and notetakers	71	80	i view my tablet as digital paper. i can now do my math on the tablet and have a permanent digital copy of my written work. i use Lecturenotes and Papyrus as my note taking apps. i still have not decided which one is my go-to note app as i am testing them right now. Lecturenotes allows me to create black notepaper. i like writing on paper that is not illuminated. Lecturenote is extremely feature rich. So it great for customization. Papyrus allows me to have infinite sized paper. this is great for creating an unlimited sized mindmap of my topic. the extra surface area really makes a difference. bigger area means i can write down my thoughts more freely and in greater quantity. both programs allow me to set it up so that i can store my notes in the cloud for safe keeping. both program stores the data in vector graphics format. the button on the stylus enables me to capture anything i see or to create a sticky note at any point. i find action-memo, screen-write and scrap-booker very useful for this purpose. the action memo is a supercharged sticky note program. the screen-write lets me capture and annotate any screen that i see. scrap-booker lets me capture any portion of the screen that i want captured by drawing an lasso around the content. another positive effect of the larger screen size is that i am able to read my math pdf files and books much more easily. on smaller screens, i had to constantly scroll to see the full page. i suggest that you install Kindle for reading pdf files because you can go to the next page of the document with just a touch of screen instead of the larger swipe gesture. i don't use the stylus that came with it because it is too skinny. instead i bought a seperate samsung/wacom pen model number ET-S200EBEG for around 20 bucks. i made it even more comfortable by slipping on two gel pen cushions(Paper Mate Foohy Gooshy Grips). Believe me, this combination of thicker pen with gel grips makes the pen more comfortable and more effective. samsung if you are listening, please bundle these tablets with a easier to grip stylus along with the internally mounted stylus. it makes such a big difference in the usability of this tablet. forcing people to write with a toothpick just because a toothpick fits into the narrow slot is a bad compromise. if you want a pic showing the two stylus side by side, click on my profile. when i have time, i will explore the excellent Sketchbook for Galaxy app more fully. i am just now learning about the value of drawing with layers. i used Sketchbook to draw a logo for my friend's company and the feel and accuracy of the drawing experience was outstanding. update: i discovered a significantly more powerful and customizable paint/drawing program called clover paint. it cost $8 for the program and if you are serious about using your tablet as an art or design tool, you can spend another $20 to upgrade the user interface. so for $28, you get a serious art/design tool. it has a steep learning curve. there is an overwhelming number of functions and options. but once you take the time to learn the basic architecture of the layout and customize it, the interface becomes logical and speeds your work flow. the biggest idea to this program is that you are able to create little movable icons called "clovers" that are click-able. the clovers can represent a particular custom brush or some particular program functionality like bucket fill. anyways, i am very excited about this wonderful program. i find the price of the tablet to be very reasonable. i saw too many reviews about it being over priced. i am not sure what they are talking about. the amazing large screen uses the high-end wacom digitizer technology which simply costs more. the wacom digitizer makes a difference in terms of better accuracy, better palm rejection and larger pressure sensitivity levels. the deal is even better if you end up using some of the perks they include with this tablet. i ended up using the free dropbox 50gb for 2 year offer, evernote 1 year offer, and of course the $25 google play credit. i found the 2 year of RemotePC to be intriguing enough to have installed it. i did it so that i can run my favorite windows software(keynote nf) on my tablet. it works, but the process of setting up the remotepc was quite tedious. it required me to download a very large program to verify the identity of my laptop computer. the only other offer relevant to me was the Gogo inflight Wi-Fi offer. improvements i would like to see: 1) bundle it with a larger more comfortable external stylus with the ability to turn off the side button along with the internal stylus 2) 13" or 14" screen that is less glossy. i am able to see the entire page of my pdf documents, but the font is still small. i am not obsessed with holding this with one hand. when i write on a clipboard, 99.9% of the time the clipboard is resting on some surface. i am more than willing to trade a little portability for the greater usability. i laugh when people act like 1.6 pounds is too heavy to carry. 3) make a windows 8.1 version 4) place the physical buttons(home,back, options) away from the middle of the long side. i am hitting those buttons accidentally when i am using it in the portrait mode. the location of the buttons coincides with the best place to hold the tablet in the portrait mode. another possible solution is to keep the location of the physical buttons but add another set of buttons on the short edge side so that in the portrait mode the current buttons are inactive but the buttons on the short side are active. and when in the landscape mode the buttons on the long side are once again active and the buttons on the short side are inactive. 5) be able turn off the side button on the pen. it is easy to accidentally depress the button. this can get annoying. perhaps they can put a sliding button somewhere on the pen that would turn off the side button. or maybe it can be turned off with a twist of the upper end of the pen. or maybe design a vertically sliding side button that gets turned off when you slide it up 1 centimeter. 6) make it easier to share a screen with other samsung note pro user. this tablet has great potential as a collaborative whiteboard. 7) be able to totally uninstall the UX magazine. i don't need it. being able to reduce clutter and complexity is a productivity enhancing strategy. anyways, i love this tablet so far.
RN2BDTCIJWI5W	2.0	5 now 8 now 13 things you'll want to know	189	224	11/24/14 UPDATE- It looks like this product is officially an orphan. Numerous software bugs with more piling up- The ownership community is experiencing Chromecast and Chrome browser causing tablet to freeze, intermittent blue screen requiring a reboot, videos not playing, no support from Amazon for its Video-on-Demand and other issues. While other Verizon LTE / Galaxy Note products have been regularly updated, the Note Pro 12.2 has not. That, combined with firesale prices on the non-LTE product all over the web really points to Samsung discontinuing support for the product. What a bummer. 1. OS and app Bugs While the tablet is beautiful after using it for almost two months, I find it shockingly buggy. Apparently there's a battery drain problem in sleep mode. My Note Pro goes from 100% to dead in 18 hours of no use. It drops about 5% every 30 minutes. Many apps I expected to be mature and debugged like NYTimes, Wall Street Journal are laggy and crash frequently. Moving from an iPad to the Galaxy Note Pro, I have to say that there's something to be said about the benefits of how Apple manages expectations downward. While there is no multitasking on the iPad as there is on the Galaxy, there's a lot of lag and failed swipes on the Galaxy. Never on the Apple. 2. Many apps haven't been updated for this larger screen Lots of apps appear in the wrong orientation and/or won't rotate, or appear in one quadrant of the screen. 3. Chrome won't work the way you think it will work If you were expecting a more desktop (or at least laptop)-like Chrome experience, forget it. The version of Chrome that installs on this tablet is designed for smartphones. No plug-ins allowed, no bookmark bar, bookmarks appear in a tab window instead of a drop-down/slide-out. 4. BIG problems when using a Chromecast Expect your Note Pro to crash when attempting the seemingly simple task of streaming music from Google Play to your Chromecast device. Easy-to-reproduce and requires a tablet reboot only to happen again when you try streaming music. 5. Nobody knows anything about this thing Not Samsung, Not Verizon (I have the LTE version). Other than the basics, at least as of two weeks in, nobody knows anything about the Galaxy Note Pro. 6. Bloatware Oh my goodness, they're redefined the phrase. I appreciate some of the freebies, but wouldn't it have been possible to remove the ones I don't use? Google+, Hangouts, Knox, (and of course Knox store, whatever that is), e-meeting, etc., etc 7. A mouse! Ok, so I was amazed. Yes, with a Bluetooth mouse connected, an arrow icon actually appears on the screen and you can use it pretty much like any mouse on a conventional PC. I'm using the Microsoft Sculpt Touch mouse but any Bluetooth one will work. You can also connect a keyboard at the same time. 8. Limited amount of accessories and ridiculous prices thereof Because of its newness, there are a limited number of accessories and cases for this tablet. Furthermore, I guess because companies like Zagg and Logitech believe you're willing to overpay for the tablet, they can charge you a premium for accessories. $129 for a keyboard/case? You must be kidding. 9. Amazon video/Flash player: Streaming video from your Amazon account is almost impossible. I was accustomed to using Amazon's streaming video app on the iPad to watch tv shows and movies I get from Amazon. There is no such app for Android devices. This is very unlike Amazon and Google (but less so for Adobe) and I wish they would get over themselves and help their customers. BTW, there are no problems watching Netflix, YouTube or Hulu using their respective apps. 10. The guys at Adobe (or someplace) will make sure you can't use this as a notebook replacement Getting Flash installed on this tablet is an exercise in contortion. It can be done via the installation of an obscure "Dolphin" browser, an older version of Adobe Flash and then jimmying with settings to put it all together, but it's complicated especially with this tablet running KitKat. I was successful, but it took a while. I understand this is because of a disagreement between Google (Android's developer), Amazon and Adobe. 11. Amazon (or someone) doesn't want you streaming your library on the Note Pro: There is no Amazon streaming app as there is for the iPad (see #10 above). This is very unlike Amazon and Google (but less so for Adobe) and I wish they would get over themselves and help their customers. BTW, there are no problems watching Netflix, YouTube or Hulu using their respective apps. 12. New Charging / sync connector on cord The Note Pro uses a new Micro USB 3.0 connector. It's wider than the one that THE ENTIRE REST OF THE PLANET USES. You can use an old-style Micro USB charger, but it takes much longer to charge it than if you use the cord that comes with it. Also, there are no USB 3.0 car chargers (that I've been able to find, anyways). ALSO ALl those zillions of USB chargers you own? Many of them won't charge the Galaxy Note Pro. 13. Pricing and obsolescence The "professional" reviews of this tablet are lukewarm- mostly revolving around the reviewer's opinion of its high price and "who would want a tablet with this large of a screen?" These reviews can slow sales and drive the price down. The price of this tablet may decline at a faster rate than usual. What's weird is that even the reviews that start like that, often end up with a conclusion that it's a terrific product. I don't get it. UPDATE: Other thoughts: I've been using this device intensively for almost two months now as a replacement for an aging iPad and hopefully a replacement for an infrequently used notebook. If you're used to holding an iPad, this tablet will take some getting used to. Once you've had it for a few days, you won't want to take your hands off of it. For me, it is a near-notebook replacement, especially if you add a keyboard and a mouse. The Hancom office software is shockingly close in appearance and functionality to Microsoft Office.
R1Q4BG00WR4IN1	5.0	Solid for any student	30	33	As a student and a total nerd, I wanted to digitize my notes and archive them. I take notes and do homework on this tablet. I had a note 10.1 (first edition) before I bought this, so I had some familiarity with Snote. Samsung updated this device with higher resolution and a longer page, and beefed up the hardware. I'm happy with the result. I've taken so many notes on this thing. Trust me in that it's good at this function. SNote has come a long way since I started using it years ago, and now you can even sync your notes to SNote for PC's. Just be sure to frequently back up your snote file to some cloud storage, and you'll never go wrong. In my years with this device, I've corrupted a file and lost notes to a course twice. The save function can be maligned if you switch apps during it's save. Still, this isn't a failure of SNote but rather one due to Android's design. Don't switch apps when you're saving a file. Be patient with it's print to pdf function. It will execute eventually, but for large files (# of pages >40), you will likely notice the save time increasing. Don't worry; it works, you're just asking it to do a lot. The screen has a much better resolution than my laptop, a first generation lenovo yoga, and the screens are roughly the same size. I prefer watching things on the tablet most of the time. If you're going to be doing notes or writing, I'd recommend picking up either a stylus with an eraser, or opting for the more pricey bamboo feel stylus. Either way, you don't want to be taking notes with the puny stylus that lives in the device; I've only ever used it when I forgot my full sized samsung stylus. I sometimes use this device to watch HD netflix or to play Blizzard's Hearthstone. The pixel density of the screen yields a gorgeous product. I can also control my television and soundbar from this tablet. It has the i.r. beamer and an app that tells you what's on t.v. and acts as a remote. It certainly comes with all of the bells and whistles for home entertainment. The cost was high relative to other tablets, but I am convinced I got a deal. For their price, Samsung delivered a solid product bursting at the seams with features, notably a Wacom stylus digitizer that takes the Surface Pro to task. Seriously, I've used both, and the NotePro has a finer pen precision than at least the first 3 generations of Surface. If you can swing it, this tablet is one hell of a productivity suite. If you don't need x86 architecture (say, to run visual studio or some other .exe), this could very much be a laptop replacement. *Update 10/16/2015* I now have 2+ years worth of tablet notes in my google drive. I use SNote to print them to PDF and sometimes use Acrobat to compress them thereafter. They're preserved flawlessly, forever. I'm so glad I bought this for my university experience. Since I bought the device, Microsoft has brought full Office support to Android. Using Word or Powerpoint with a bluetooth keyboard is as powerful as using it on a laptop. The apps are fully functional and tie in with cloud storage. I remain impressed by this device and the value it's delivered to me since I bought it back in 2013. 5/5 would buy again.
R27T9WAZZCFELH	3.0	A couple of things to think about...	25	27	Instead of restating all the of positive aspects of this tablet (and there are many), I'll provide several "cons": 1. Samsung's customer service is quite bad, so if you have a problem with the unit you receive, don't go through Samsung support - just return the unit to Amazon (you have 30 days to do so) and get a new one, or something else. The battery life on the one I received was about a 1/3 of what is advertised, so I sent the unit to Samsung. It took about 20 phone calls from me to keep the process moving (they use a third party to perform repairs, so nobody really feels any responsibility towards the customer). After three weeks they returned the unit to me, un-repaired! Luckily I had a few days left to return it to Amazon, which I did. 2. The graphics are jumpy. The scrolling on this tablet "stutters" - it's not smooth. If you're used to an iPad, you'll notice with this unit a slight lack of refinement of the user experience compared with what Apple delivers - not a deal-breaker, but something to be prepared for. 3. If you're planning on using this unit in portrait mode, you might not like the dimensions - it's quite elongated. Also, the button placement is awkward for portrait use. These are strange decisions on Samsung's part: Since this has been marketed as a business and productivity tool, they should have anticipated that people would want to occasionally using this unit in portrait orientation to read PDFs and other types of docs. Someday some genius executive will look at a standard 8/12 by 11 piece of paper and say "hey, people seem to be pretty comfortable with this form factor, and there are millions of documents out there formatted this way - let's make an 8 1/2 x 11 tablet!" Nonetheless, credit to Samsung for having the guts to offer a form factor choice like this, and overall, this is an amazing piece of technology - just be aware of the things I mentioned above.
R1ATOKX1HM2WU9	5.0	The best tablet on the market	40	46	I have learned to ignore certain reviews on amazon, especially the ones who go into so much detail it just becomes anal at the things they dislike. i owned the tab, i owned the 10.1 note, the s4 and note 3, and now i have the pro12.2, there is no lag, its fast as hell, does everything better, the pen is mind numblingly better then before. evertying is blazingly fast, connects to everything perfectly, the free apps are ok, drop box and skydrive and remote play and free wifi in flight are the best of the bunch, the rest are not for me but you guys might like them , things like new york times mag etc. The ui is changed slightly and for the better, here is a tip, go to settings, about device, click on build number 5 times fasts to unlock developer tools and then scroll to windows,transition and animator scale and set them to .5 or to 0, this will remove the built in lag which is a transition samsung built in, this removes that and makes the system faster, apps open faster, also double click the button on the tablet and go into svoice, click settings and remove the double click to acitvate svoice, this way you you can use svoice through the app and free that double click for something else. i have not 1 complaint, its light, thin and bigger screen are perfect in every way.
R2GFMVT4UU44BV	4.0	Amazing Screen	19	20	Pros Great device, there is no tablet that this can be compared to, no tablet is 12.2 yet (I think). PRO: 1. Amazing screen...nothing compares to this screen. Have compared to iPad Air, Note 3, iPad 2,3 and Note 8 and Surface. 2. Weight...Easy to hold compared to a laptop. 3. Well built, a premium product, (imagine a Note 3 on Steroids) 4. The Samsung book cover is superb, Amazon doesn't have it, but other do. (Cost range from $44 to $69, so shop around) 5. Note part is a bonus, did not use it much 6. Save your money and buy 32GB and install a 64GB microSD, most apps, pictures songs can be moved to the SD card. Why pay extra $55 or so for the 64 GB (64GB SD microSD are about $50 on amazon, a 128 might be around the corner, cost not know but could be in the $100 range) Cons: 1.Samsung bloatware makes it slow, as factory installed apps etc can lead to 60% RAM being used. Thus the 4 stars, unless you can root and get rid if the bloatware. Can't uninstall the bloat ware as of now, but most app CAN be disabled. Disabling does help with speed and overall user experience. Why on a Pro product the user can't remove apps is beyond me. Cost has been mentioned as a issue, but as of today is $699 at Amazon.
R1PV444DOYW6C8	5.0	Not your typical spec review	71	86	I have had andriod since the begin, I upgrade to new smartphones and tablets to have the latest/greatest. That being said, my wife has all Apple with iPhone and iPad. So I am qualified to give a solid review. 12.2" is pretty solid in size, coming off of a 10.1, it is worth the money. The clarity and crisp picture will speak for itself. I have a Samsung LED HDTV F8000, so i know a good picture when I see it. I have the Note3 smartphone right now so I am use to the pixel density as well as S-pen (which I love). The average person will use it to doodle, write a note here and there and then some will use it to draw and more advanced features. I am in the middle there. This Note Pro has an entire artboard to draw and I see that i will be using the Sketchy app alot, similar to Adobe Illustrator with layers and gradients among other things. The battery life looks to awesome, I have not done any lab testing (nor will I, its big and will work for my international flights) The power port is on the right side, great for those long 15 hour flights that I am burning movie after movie and need to charge while I watch. (Hate bottom power on my old Xoom). It is not a burden of a size, it does weight slightly more than expected but worth it for the extra size. Looks great, feels solid. microSD port, plug and play with 64 gb SDXC Class 10. So my onboard 32 gb plus 64 gb micro is 96 gb of room. Plenty! The integration of samsung products from Smartphone to tablet to HDTV is amazing, the WatchOn app is wonderful to control and view content, the ability to search youtube videos on the tablet/smartphone while everyone is watching the current playing youtube on the HDTV is a crowd please. I love to search, que up videos and let the play as I hunt for more clips. I will update again after my next trip this week, got 1 week in Asia with a 15.5 hour flight and 12 coming back with travel and puddle jumps in between that will let me put this Note Pro through its paces. BTW - The Samsung perks that come with are worth the upgrade from Note 10.1 2014, with $25 google credit (going to movie rentals), 50 gb dropbox space! (If you dont dropbox, your missing out) and 36 gogo inflight internet passes! So other perks but those have solid value, well done Samsung. ***UPDATE*** Trip with it to Asia was great. Fit easily in Lowepro 22L backpack. It's weight was not even a factor. On my 2 hour high-speed train ride inland the tablet was great for watching downloaded rental movies and movies i drag & dropped over. Samsung Sketchy App - It is basically a waterdown version of AI (without vector points from what i have gathered, just pulled it up and started using, I am a graphical & product designer) It has layers, pens, thickness, colors, and all sorts of tools. For artist, great app. Favorite part is take a picture of a product, add it as a layer, then improve/change it with the stylist by drawing on it. Screenshot mode is my favorite, taken right from Note3, where you can take a picture and draw all over it. Great for funny or practical applications. The size and and subtle ruggedness is what pays for it self. The screen was bigger than that on an A380 Business class seat/pod. HD movies rentals come out great, crisp and vivid. The brightness is popping (and can be dimmed or put on auto mode). I was never in fear of battery running out after full day of usage with wifi & HD movie viewing & sketching along with email. Glad I didnt settle on the Note 10.1
ROH0P4CHU2VFG	4.0	My 6th tablet - and I like it	27	31	I'm not going to reiterate what many people have already said, just to get down to some highlights. Also, just to give you some perspective - I buy a lot of tech and upgrade pretty frequently. Have owned 7", 10" and (now) 12" tablets - including Samsung, Nexus (Google), ASUS and Toshiba. I almost didn't buy this one because of the price tag, but glad I did. What I really like... * Screen size (obviously), big difference over the 10" screen (had the Nexus 10 previously) * The pen is great, this and screen size were my main two reasons for me getting this tablet * SD Card - great added bonus but with a catch (see below) My issues... * The SD Card, thanks to Google's new OS (4.4.2) apps no longer get full access to the SD Card. Many apps cannot write to the SD card. This means you have to download to the internal and then manually move things to the SD Card. You also have to use the built in File Manager (for the same reason - limited permissions for SD access) which means you can't use some of the cool split screen File Mangers like Total Commander. * Same issue I had with Samsung's 10.1 (2014) tablet - button placement is not ideal. You will occasionally hit the button while holding it and unlike the Nexus they don't relocate when you go to portrait mode. This is a minor issue - will probably just take some getting used to. Other comments... * I don't mind the weight. Probably because how I use it. I'm sure if I was holding it in front of me for 30min it would get annoying (the 10.1 feels like you're holding nothing). * Charging time is pretty good, faster would be nice but it charges reasonably quickly. * There is a long stream of comments on another persons post about the Manual for this tab - you cannot (as of writing this) get a full manual. Every location and method seems to get a different corrupted manual. The best one I found was missing like 20 pages int he middle of it. I pretty much never read these things but figured I would point it out. Come on Samsung - you can make this tablet but you can't put an uncorrupted pdf online????? * TouchWiz and the new Magazine interface are okay but I replace the hoe screen with NOVA Prime. I'm still looking for the perfect note taking app for use with the stylus - currently using Papyrus. If anyone has a better suggestion feel free to let me know in the comments here. Overall I'm happy with my purchase (though the price tag hurt a bit for sure).
R1EC4U7TMQMPQQ	5.0	Well done Samsung, well done!	50	60	I had very high hopes for the Note Pro. I have been in the market for a new device that could meet both my business and personal needs. In my research I was left feeling like I was having to sacrifice one or the other. Then the Note Pro was announced... so I waited... and I am so glad that I did! It has exceeded all of my expectations. I have yet to find myself longing for anything. I haven't found a single task that I can't do on this thing. It's fast. I have yet to see any lag. No stuttering. The multitasking abilities are worth the cost alone. I'm so glad that I waited for this device.
R2MOTKJJAFXUQE	4.0	Can this finally do it	19	21	Lets go to the point..PRICE $649.99 Logitech Keyboard Case $99.99 Samsung Mouse $39.99 Total Close to $800 for things I needed to be produtive and serious about doing things. Top it off running on Andoid 4.4 on a $800 investment. WOW Lets do a quick break down: Android 4.4 is a mobile device OS. But it have grown up now and not there yet but looking good. Lots of apps for almost anything you want to do. Still not much on the tablet side for better use of a big screen. But it does the job. If your invested in the Android system, no problem there most of your apps on the your mobile device will work on this NP12. Give it little more time and Android will get there. Samsung did well in what it included out of the box experince. You have your office apps like work, sheets and powerpoint and more. You have your news feeds like flipboard. Have your email apps. Have your note taking apps. And the multitasking is really nice. I can go online, watch a movie, do some writing and watch my storage with ip camera viewer. Thats 4 apps running at the same time, not much lag there. It does have a lag but not much. This is pretty awesome. Yes the UI is something to desire but if your more like most of us that buy the product and start using it. And yes Android does let you custom your NP12 to your liking besides the new MZ UI works. And because its Android you can root it, remove this and that and thats great more freedom to us. But right out of the box it just work for what I have to do. Yes you have a very very small lag here and there but like all things there are lags. Built and Design have to say not bad for the size. You got your nice backing that Samsung started on the new mobile device, plastic with the look of leather. Not metal or Alum so you have less chances of letting this 12.2 screen slip out of your hands without a case. Have to say that you could do with a case on this device but with close to $800. The S Pen holds well on the device and Ilike that it has a housing built in for it. The speakers on the both sides does the job. It produce nice and rich sound and there are settings in the video apps to tailor to the way you are set. I for one like the surround sound setting it gives it this theather like sound when watching a movie or so. Screen is something to look at. For this you need to see it for yourself. It is beautiful like most reviewers saying and 12.2 screen WOW Now for add on for my liking for what I need to do. I got the Logitech Keyboard Case, this by far was the better of the bunch thats available. The keys are large enough. I love the short cuts on this keyboard like the home button, back button, menu, task, sound and more. It was design to where you can do most of things on this keyboard without touching the screen that much when you are doing productive things. Very nice layout. I also got the Samsung bluetooth mouse since it was on sale too. I use the mouse mostly for when Ineed to remote to my system and that helps alot. Mouse has your back button, task and close. Not bad at all for this little mouse for what it can do. I also got a folio like case from Belkin and it was also on sale. This case to me is a solid case, I tried to like the Samsung Book Cover but in honestly it just couldnt do what it need to do but just protect the back and front, as for stand or typing yes it can do it but believe me you will be most time frustrated. The Belkin case was a much better buy and it does the job well and it also have a autowake feature. So bottom like for me. Yes $800 is a lot with the items I purchase to get me going. But do factor in the following. 12.2 screen thats looks beautiful, battery life just about 8 hours for the things I do, S-Pen for drawing and writing plus it has a housing on the unit for it. Multitasking is really something else on this device, able to run 4 apps at the same time, not just side by side but 4 all at once and you can custom to how you want it(awesome). Add in the office apps thats included and $25 Google Play Store and other news feeds.. It was very hard for me to swallow being that this is an Android device. I have the surface Pro, iPad Air, Macbook Air. And now the Surface Pro 3 just came out at $1000 for the unit I would want to get. Thats about $200 different between The Note Pro 12.2 and Surface Pro 3. So I ask myself as I write this review on my Note Pro 12.2. Can this Android device alter the way I do things on my Surface Pro, iPad Air and Macbook Air. So far I have to say yes. I am able to do my word, sheets and presentations, watch my storage for security, of course surf the web and email, read ebooks, watch videos, read news feed, check on some of the youtubes, jolt down some notes and drawing with the S Pen and the funny thing about this is that I can do 4 things at once. There are still a very few things that I need to do on windows side and mac but with the remote pc thats included boy its getting close to where I can almost do it on this Note 12.2. I already forgot my iPad Air. Really I think I can pull this off on this unit and this it out of the box from Samsung with just couple add ons. WOW
R12DRZPZ98ZAK7	5.0	From a long time I pad user: and also vs note 10.1	15	16	I have been through almost 5 I pads and minis. I also looked at note 10.1 but felt that the screen space would be an issue with the 10.1 and I was right when I checked out the 10.1 I best buy. If I had bought 10.1 it would have bugged me for long time if I try to multitask. The 12.2 pro is just the right the device that does wonders. The screen real estate is very convenient and just what you need for comfortable multitask.. it is amazing how thin and powerful the device is for its screen size . The micro card slot and usb3.0 is just amazing. It's feels like a release from the I pad after a long time and I am planning to even replace my wife's with one of the note devices. They also include 50gb Dropbox and evernote premium which I s a power house on integration with snote . One thing I can say if you are from ios devices you may fInd that andriod simply has too many sub options for any option (too many) but android devices are all about customization and believe me once you set each program to your preferences it Works WONDERS. Most of the users have summarized very well about this device and I couldn't agree more. This is a marvelous piece of device . I am having this for a few days and I really am into multitasking for example YouTube vs typing email vs Facebook etc. as a common everyday task for example. The Hancom office and s note suit work very good with evernote Integration. Still learning lot of new tricks everyday. It is shockingly thin for such a large screen however if you think this is a one handed tablet it is not . Once you position on your lap or desk ( I got the Samsung book cover which fits like a glove and works very well for typing positions). it is a mean power house to get your tasks done (I mean real tasks not just browsing for content) .I got the lap log to use it in bed I am yet to use it I'll find out how that works. After coming from I pad and emailing apple several times about the inflexible their toy is I ended up buying this and I am 100% satisfied I made this decision . I hope samsung brings great updates to the device . Speaking of updates make sure to update your device completely before you do anything with it . For those looking for true multitasking go with 12,2 pro otherwise 10.1 should be sufficient . Great screen on this device as in any other samsung note devices very brilliant . Android simply has sooooo many customizations I am thinking Ios users may find overwhelming initially . I didn't dig into things too much just slight adjustments to certain app and device settings and it has been a wonderful experience . Battery has also been incredible
R8716SYWL0BN0	5.0	Tablet Heaven	15	16	I own an iPad (1stGen), use an iPad 4thGen (work) and my kids each have Kindle Fire HDX 8.9". I'm tired of "sacrificing" size with a tablet and it's time to be 'normal'! This is where the Samsung Galaxy Note Pro (SGNP) 12.2 (32GB - got tired of waiting for 64GB) came in and surpassed my expectation in every regard. I got tired of viewing my magazine via Next Issue and Zinio with the iPad and having to enlarge every page/article, etc. With the SGNP, i don't have to do that anymore and I don't feel "old" visually ;-) This tablet is not heavy, it is thin and comfortable to use, especially the faux leather backing. The S-Pen is awesome and I can cut out important articles, photos from magazines I read and save them in scrap book for follow-up at a later time. I'm still learning new features every day and loving it more like a kid in a candy store ;-) I have brought pens from Bamboo and Adonit Jot Script Evernote Edition Stylus to use with the iPad 4thGen and the Bamboo was the better of two but they both sucked! S-Pen is by far much better with SGNP - just wish the pen size was a little bigger to make it more comfy to use but it is manageable. Only drawback is that the Samsung cover is still not available at this time of my review, including an extra travel charger/cable. Samsung needs to do a much better job in making sure that the accessories are available at the same time the tablet is sold. You can't go wrong with this tablet and the price is a good value with the extras that come along with this device from Samsung.
R3UZV3AWMLALIY	1.0	Do not buy Samsung if you rely on your device!	12	12	Wish I could do zero stars. Only reason I have a tablet is for sheet music and I use an airturn Bluetooth pedal for turning pages. Worked great until Samsung just sent out an update that disabled all Bluetooth keyboards and mice except for Samsung branded accessories. As a musician this device is now a paperweight and I have to resort back to several binders full of sheet music and pausing to turn pages. Not good.
R2ENI5PETK18LD	5.0	So far so good!	83	103	Let's be honest. The only reason someone would pick up this tablet is for the sheer size of the beast. Since the Pro line of tablets have extremely similar internal specs the 12.2 in. screen does (somewhat) justify the added cost. With only a few hours of use, I found the device to be snappy and responsive. The new magazine UX is a nice touch although Samsung definitely needs to add support for more apps to be displayed (you can't add Gmail to the magazine UX!). Furthermore, small things like when you tap the calendar widget in the magazine UX it won't open the calendar app. Instead, you have to select an event displayed on the widget and then you'll be taken to that specific event (basically you can't go to "month view" or something similar just from the Samsung calendar widget). The S-pen is a delight as usual- even though I found that I didn't use it as much as I thought I would be. With a huge screen (and battery) the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 is definitely a two handed device. Holding it with one hand gets tiresome very quickly and quite honestly feels a little awkward. If you're going to be moving around then this may prove too heavy of a device although it's certainly doable. The display is gorgeous. Nothing else needs to be said here. Overall, if you're looking for a tablet that mimics the power and productivity of a laptop then this is a great buy. The added screen space and multi window capabilities help set the tablet apart from the competition. There are a few software issues I have but this is a brand new device and I'm sure they'll be corrected in the near future. Certainly no regrets here.
R1ATLU8PT8YUPT	1.0	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 (64GB, Black) stop working after 6 months	23	26	bought in April 2014 and worked great. Now 6 months later it will not turn on. I tried to call Samsung help desk 2 times and got disconnected after 20 plus minutes with out talking to an operator. Now trying a 3rd time on hold now over 30 minutes.
R3GIDO90D5GP44	5.0	Great tablet, well worth the price!	14	15	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 64Gb It's been 8 months now that I have had the Note Pro 12.2, and I'll match it against any, ANY tablet or iPad out there. I have rooted and unlocked the bootloader (and flipped Knox, but since I'll never use it, I don't care - that is what Android encryption is for) and that's about it - still on the factory Android ROM (although Cyanogen 11 is out for it, so that may change, there is a lot of Samsung 'goo' that can be eliminated) and have had no problems at all with it. I have the Samsung cover and a Poetic cover for it - they look almost exactly alike, but the Poetic feels a little better (and a third of the price!) and both trigger the screen to turn off. I have had it setting on the counter for days and pick it up with 90%-95% power still showing in it. Do turn off the haptic feedback and vibration The screen animation is smooth and fast. Games play well (pretty sure I've wiped out all the zombies by now!) and NetFlix, Hulu Plus, Google Play and Amazon Prime all look good and play well - haven't had any problems. Connection to WiFi is quick and stable at both 2.4-G and 5 GHz N bands. You can use both USB 2 and USB 3 OTG dongles on it. If you are going to use 3rd party chargers on it, make sure that you use the Samsung charging cable, or get one verified to handle high current (don't just go by the thickness of the cable itself)... it makes a difference of about 0.4 amps charging, even when using the little Samsung wall wart itself. I have a 64 Gb Samsung memory card in it, works just fine (wasn't Samsung card deliberately, just happened to be what I had as a spare). I like that it is anchored well and covered, unlike other tablets where a bump pops it out onto the floor (cough, cough, Asus, cough, cough). As a reference, I also own an Asus TF-700, Asus TF-201 (bricked it by doing something stupid), original Nexus 7", Samsung Tab 3 7" and the original Nook Color that was hacked to be a 'normal' tablet. My wife has a Retina iPad. So, if after reading this you are still not sure of my feelings on this tablet, let me clear that up for you - I LOVE IT!!!
R3NK4806Z5UM1P	3.0	Review from iPad Convert	10	10	Updated Review: Ok, so when I just got this tablet, it was a 5/5 for me. I loved the zippiness, the use of the S-Pen, true multitasking, and the increased screen real estate. However, three months later, I am selling my Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 and switching to something smaller. Here's why: Size --> The size is a doubled-edged sword for this tablet. While I love the versatility and being able to multitask like a beast, I have also found that I use it very infrequently because of the size. It is difficult to use as a book reader on a bus or in an airplane, and the reading apps that are on it: Kindle, Kobo, etc display things very funkily on the stretched screen. At a certain point, I felt like I was reading a scroll more than I was reading a book because of how long the screen is when held in portrait mode. The size and length of the device also makes it awkward to hold one-handed, and I found myself taking it out less and less, to the point where it was relegated to being a solely movie-watching device for when I was at home, which kind of destroyed the purpose of having a tablet to begin with. Screen --> It is still a beautiful beautiful screen, but something is up with Samsung's colors. I didn't notice it much at first until I started to compare the colors with my smartphone (an Apple iPhone 6 Plus) that the yellow was almost always off. Even when highlighting in the Kindle App, a yellow highlight mark would show up as mustard yellow. Hardly a deal breaker, but it gets annoying, especially considering how this thing is supposed to be "pro." S-Note --> I still loved having the S-Pen and being able to jot down notes on the device as I would with paper, but with time, realized that it was another one of those functions I only ever used once a week at most. It's cool to show off, but it gets old, and the experience is not nearly as good as real pen and paper. It's just not as satisfying, unfortunately. Android --> I love Android. I owned a Galaxy Note 2 and loved it, and seriously considered a Galaxy Note 4 for a few weeks before pulling the plug on an iPhone 6 Plus, but Android is simply not the greatest for tablets. I already talked about how book apps, even popular ones like the Kindle App, simply stretched either horizontally or vertically to accommodate the screen size, and I found that with a lot of other apps too, such as the Wall Street Journal App, etc. You don't run into this problem with iOS, so for now, I would say that Android is still lacking where tablets are concerned. Value --> I loved the idea of a potential laptop AND tablet replacement (at least for things like multitasking, writing, graphic design work, worksheets, etc), but this Galaxy Note Pro is not it. After playing around with Hancom Office, I found several deficiencies to it that were just too much to stomach using it. While the programs in Hancom look like their Microsoft counterparts, its the finer details that show how poorly executed the programs really are: opening a document in any Hancom program would take easily a minute, and after saving said document, they were difficult to locate. I tried to save a document I had written in Hancom to my dropbox folder, and even though it registered that they were saved, I couldn't find it in Dropbox. I thought that this could be a problem on Dropbox's end, until I realized I had no problem uploading documents to dropbox in other apps, and pictures to dropbox as well. The selling point of the Galaxy Note Pro is that it is a professional middle ground between a fun and frilly tablet, and a professional workhorse laptop, but sadly it is neither. I kind of wish I had sprung a few extra bucks for the Surface Pro 3, which seems to have accomplished what the Samsung has not. Overall, I still think there is an audience for the Galaxy Note Pro, but that audience is a lot smaller niche than most would expect. In Short: If you like the android tablet experience and want something that is great for taking notes by hand, drawing by hand, and multitasking over multiple screens, and also don't mind the weight, dimensions, and somewhat off-coloring, then this is the device for you.
RO5XH3D40YOYL	4.0	I love it!	10	10	I have had my note pro for a few days, being a owner of the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2012, this is much better than the original note. I first got it, yes it is a big tablet, to be exact, it almost covers my HP 17" laptop's keyboard. A side note on the S Pen- it is the same design as the note 3, however the size is different. It is a little bit longer and a little bit bulkier. When I took it out of the box, it was about 60% charged, took about 3ish hours to fully charge, and this is partially due to the processor. I charge my note 3 from completely dead to 100% in about 2.5 hours. As far as the magazine on home, I personally am not a fan of it. I like how you can swype up on the note 3 to get the magazine. The Hancom office is very useful, I now have no need to get Microsoft Office 2013 for my laptop. Speakers are better sounding on the sides, as I can also close my case and listen to music clearly. App to SD card transfer is adequate. Screen is very sharp, very clear with my live wallpaper in the background. There has been some slight problems with lag time, but I am used to it from my old note 10.1. There is a reason why I knocked it down from 5 to 4, not because of anything but the price. 850.00 is very expensive for a tablet, as my laptop was cheaper and it has the new intel i7 processor. The starting price should be 600 for the 32GB, 700 for the 64GB. Instead of buying through amazon, I bought directly from Samsung because they included the cover for it (extremely flimsy, not protective at all), and they didn't charge for tax (savings of about 70 dollars and change).
RE25KTQ7ZT32A	5.0	Awesome for handwriting, webbrowsing, and working with a keyboard and mouse	16	18	I've now been using one of these for about two weeks and love it. Much like my Galaxy Note 8.0 I am able to use it asmy main machine at and obtain USB OTG+MHL with an adapter I've had. It's also so ginormous that I can just use it outright without a monitor. Pros: - Gorgeous 2560x1600 px, 1280x800 dp screen. Extremely well suited to running two apps side by side and about the size of a sheet of paper. It can do 4 apps in a grid and several pen windows at once. But it really shines when you do two apps side by side. The stock keyboard brings the worst of SwiftKey's auto correct but offers a size / layout that you can type as close to a *real* keyboard as you can ever get on a touch screen. Loss of tactile feel but muscle memory can be retained for the letters and numbers. Likewise the web browsing experience is about as close to a Chromebook Tablet as you can get today, as long as you pull up desktop websites. I love that the screen can also get very dim, not just hyper bright. That helps save power when docked and spares the eyes in a dark room. - Exynos 5 Octa processor delivers great performance. I was perfectly happy with Exynos 4 Quad Prime's performance and this is quite an upgrade in engine and GPU power. Seems like the hardware now supports running all 8 cores at once and independantly but the software still switches between 4 x power saver and 4 x high performance cores. In practice it works great, unlike Tegra 3. - S-Pen makes tablet life better. Between the Note Pro 12.2's giant screen and high resolution, it is a pleasure to write on. I use MyScript Stylus Beta for the best handwriting recogition and more up to date bug fixes than the code Samsung licensed (SwiftKey for kb mode, MyScript for hw mode). It seems to use the same S-pen as the Galaxy Note 3, much as my Note 8 seems to use the one from the Note 2. The new version of S-Note is now superior to the INKredible app available on Google Play, integrates far better with the Android OS, and offers a seamless sync with Evernote when set to use Evernote as the sync account in settings. Apps like Lecture Notes and Papyrus are still worth playing with if you want something less Samsung specific. Also MyScript's Mobile Notes app if you want to write a lot and then convert to text. ArtFlow Studio (raster) and ScribMaster (vector) are better drawing apps than Sketchbook Pro in my opinion but a free version Galaxy edition is bundled. I love being able to write 2 x to 3 x as much in Stylus Beta as my Note 8 could. Plus there is a Samsung feature that lets you pop up a handwriting to text window over any text field, useful if you prefer a custo keyboard app like SwiftKey or Google Keyboard. - Samsung keyboard dock has a MicroUSB 3.0 port for charging, so you can use the same charger as the tablet or a regular MicroUSB 2. No need to carry two chargers. At this size you get a comfortable and full keyboard sans numpad, home/enter/etc clusters (use fn+arrows for home/end/page up/page down). It's more comfortable than a 10.1" like the ASUS Transformer line because no compromises for size were necessary. The kickstand/slot design fits my Galaxy Note Pro 12.2, Galaxy Note 8.0, and my phone just fine. I would like if the keyboard was a bit "Thicker" like my Logitech K810 Bluetooth keyboard or if it had the same 3-device easy switch but it does not. Thicker would be a better typing experience but we all know why they made the dock keyboard thin. At least it is nice and clicky, a decent laptop keyboard. - Using a mouse has improved somewhat. We now can have the full awesomeness of mouse hover working roughly the same as stylus hover (Air View). There seems to be independent settings for turning it on/off for mouse and stylus. Works fine with the cheap Motorola Bluetooth mouse I got off of Daily Steals. Sadly we still can't mouse over on XKCD but stuff like the menu on Amazon works. - USB Ethernet dongles work!!!! For me this is a huge win for using the device at work. Samsung makes an expensive Ethernet+2 port USB2 adapter. I use the USB 2 Ethernet dongle from my old (first gen) Zenbook UX31. Dunno if USB 3 gigabit dongles would work but I assume so. As much as I love my Galaxy Note 8.0 as a daily driver, supporting Ethernet makes the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 a much better device for use at my work place, where Wi-Fi is not always universal. Cons: - Extremely expensive. $749 for 64GB or 32GB+dock on Amazon; or 32GB no dock at Best Buy for almost as much after tax. - It's so big you may find it hard to use as a tablet rather without a desk. I'd highly reccomend a case that can prop it up at a better typing angle or even a Breffo Spiderpodium. Keyboard docks from Samsung and Zagg are simple kickstand like docks not a clamshell like the ASUS Transformer dock. Logitech and various cheap case manufacturers off case+keyboard options too. I use the Samsung dock. - It won't charge from any of my powered MHL 1.1 adapters for Galaxy S3 / Note 2 / Note 8 devices. But it still puts out the video signal just fine. Perhaps a MHL 2.0 adapter for Galaxy S5 / Note 3 will work. - While Android handles keyboard and mouse input very well, developers do not test with these. Google in particular tends to break ctrl+arrow and mouse wheel support in their apps whenever custom views are used. Which in Google and Samsung apps are very often. Neutral Issues: - There are several preloaded apps like the NYTimes, Netflix, Evernote, and remote meeting stuff. But many of Samsung's usual TouchWiz apps are not present. You have to download them. Most people are not gonna miss apps like ChatOn. You get a much more minimalist feature set than say, a Galaxy S phone but you usually keep good stuff like swipe to screen shot. - At 32GB the size of TouchWiz is not a big issue. You can still expect a good 22~23 gigs or more of storage space. You can stick an epic sized MicroSD card in and get Apps2SD. Writing to MicroSD or USB drives requires using the stock files app, making apps use their own directories on the media (e.g. /storage/$device/Android/data/$packagename), or rooting. You can get USB OTG 2 and 3 cables and plug in a bloody 1TB drive with more functionality than Nexus devices have without root. - The latest version of Android rarely matters anymore unless you are an obsessive compulsive. All the real goodies are in Google Play Services and related Google magic. Most things that matter are APPS. Which is good because Samsung probably takes twice as long to update their tablets as they do phones. This device costs so much and is niche enough that the custom ROM scene at XDA is dead. - Battery life and charging times could be better if you're used to an older Transformer that had a battery in the keyboard dock. But it ought to easily last 6-8 hours of dependable use, probably 2-3 days if you don't use the tablet heavily all day long. You'll likely want to leave it charging overnight or from dinner until bed. - The back is a faux leather styled plastic like a Galaxy Note 3. It feels like good plastic, unlike the Galaxy S3 and Nexus 5. Also the tablet is so darn big you can easily ignore the fake stitchy look at the edges on the back. You may or may not like the look but it's easy to ignore and feels fine in hand. If you want the feel of leather, get a case. All in all, I like it very much for handwriting, browsing, and as a secure shell terminal. My HP11 Chromebook was only good at the last of those.
R2P583G34UNX71	4.0	Good Tablet, Bad Software	9	9	I purchased this tablet as a replacement of my TF700T, which had massive issues with slowdown and such. Intending to get a notebook replacement, as well as an ebook reader and notepad, the NotePro 12.2's screen estate seemed perfect for the job. I was right on that point. The large screen provided by the 12.2 made the tablet almost paper sized. Combined with their Wacom digitizer pen and the Papyus app, you can take notes on this baby like it's on paper. I would, however, recommend you get one of the pens with an "eraser" on the back though, so you don't have to go into the app to select the eraser tool. Be aware, to fully mimic actual paper and pencil on the Papyrus app, you'll have to unlock some features - which cost money from the Google Play store or the Samsung Apps store (not that it's a problem though - the NotePro 12.2 should come with a complimentary $25 Google Play credit). If you prefer typing your notes, the NotePro has you covered as well. Combined with any Bluetooth Keyboard and the Hancom Officer suite (it's free!), it's almost exactly like your Microsoft Office at home. However, I do have some issues with the tablet. After a bit of use, it seems that it does suffer from slowdowns. The multi-tasking feature is cool (multiple apps open on the same screen), but it's very unintuitive, and not all apps support that. The Magazine UI is nice to look at initially, but once you realize that the apps compatible with it are basic at best (their mail and calendar don't sync with Google's), you'll find it's a gimmick and will be rarely used. Samsung Apps is required to automatically update all the Hancom Office Suite components, but for some reason, it also reinstalls and updates all the factory installed apps as well (bloatware). There's no way to disable that. On the topic of bloatware, this tablet is filled with them, many you can't uninstall, such as the Samsung Printer Service. Samsung has put extra effort to ensure that this tablet doesn't get any love from the modding community though, as their Knox services constantly monitor your system to check whether it's stock or not - which is a shame. Also, the tablet seems to really like to give you notifications on everything - from every single time you connect to a wifi network or when you set default apps - which may be a nice feature for those who are not technologically inclined, but should have been a feature you can disable.
RSPZGFBNKHBZ5	4.0	Brings tablets to a new level	46	57	I own this tablet along with a "smart cover" and Android BT keyboard. I also own the 10" version and Surface Pro 2. The Note 12.2 gives the tablet form new, and much needed, purpose. The screen size is now just the right size to do true multi-windowed multitasking. When used with the smart case, it easily rests in my lap or on a table. Combined with a BT keyboard, the tablet shows its real strength---working with documents, emails...anything requiring more attention than finger poking. I ditched the Magazine UI and went with Nova Launcher, but Magazine is headed in a good direction. I really wish Samsung would get rid of the bezel buttons. Additionally, charge time is too slow. I've read that the LTE version of this tablet will have faster charging due to its Snapdragon processor so maybe it's a limitation of the Samsung processor on the Wifi version. Due to the buttons and charging, I have to give 4 instead of 5 stars. Overall, this tablet seems best suited to those who prefer using a BT keyboard. Even if you don't use a wireless keyboard the onscreen keyboard is excellent. With the increased screen size the keyboard is now big enough that I can touch type at speeds close to using a real keyboard, and that's a first for any tablet I've used. It even has the control c and v shortcuts for copy paste!
R212JXSKERE5TL	1.0	Not worth your money.	12	13	Purchased the product as a replacement to my iPad 2. Was excited for the larger screen, open source capabilities and note functionality. Really enjoyed the multi-tasking capabilities although I was disappointed how few apps were compatible. It was a little heavier but for the bigger screen it was worth it. Was much easier to screen share, etc than on my iPad 2 and you could download content much more efficiently (I'm not an iTunes fan). I was also surprised with how much easier it was to screen share and interact with other devices. I have used Samsung Galaxy smartphones and it was nice to share apps, contacts, etc seamlessly. All in all I would have given it 4 out of 5 stars...until the warranty expired. About a month after it expired, the screen started flickering randomly and would shut the device down. I followed the support instructions, downloaded and installed the latest releases and that reduced the number of issues but they didn't go away. A week later, I notice that it is no longer charging. After looking more online, I found this is a common problem. The solution was to replace the battery, which I did. Good news, the device worked fine while the battery had power. Bad news, it still doesn't charge. I opened up a ticket on Samsung.com and got no response. Called the number and was on hold for 30 minutes before anyone came on. He asked basic questions: "Did you drop it?" No. "Have you tried a new charger?" yes. "Does it work when you plug it into the computer?" No. "Ok sir, since it's out of warranty, I'll have to transfer you to our Depo department for service." After 30 minutes on hold, I get transferred to an answering machine "Thanks for calling Samsung. Unfortunately, we're unable to take your call. If you'd like to speak with us, please let your name, number and ticket number and we'll return your call"....really? When they finally called back and leave me a voicemail, I get the following: " Hello, I'm calling from Samsung Depo on regards of your tablet. We just wanted to inform you since your unit is considered out of warranty, we would require a holding fee of $437.58. If you choose to proceed with the service, please return our call at 310-669-4334. Thank you" No they don't answer again. On further discussion, the $437.58 doesn't include shipping costs and could end up being more (but is probably close) depending on what they find. Given that I only paid $650 for the thing in the first place, not a chance I'm trusting them. I can buy a new iPad for that amount. Funny thing is, I'm back to using the iPad 2 I thought I was replacing to begin with....cracked screen and all. At least it works.
R2ZXT76178YSVF	5.0	I am IN LoVe!	12	13	What is not to LOVE! It's a Samsung product and it's an Android OS! Win Win! I have always had good luck with Samsung Products, I have a Galaxy Note Phone and it's been great! So, it was time to replace my tablet, I had a Kindle Fire, the "original" release. It was a fine 7 inch tablet but it was time to upgrade and I wanted a true android operating system. I did my research and once this went on "sale", $50. off, I jumped. It has been GREAT! Can you Say FAST! Wow! The Quad-core processor is amazing. It's so fluid and smooth. I like how easy it is to operate and how LIGHT this tablet is considering it's a 12.2 INCH Tablet! I mean, it's not lighter than "air" but it's also much larger. The freebies that come with it are a nice added bonus, but the tablet is worth every dime I paid for it and the $50. I didn't! The S Pen is great, I love the S Pen on my Galaxy Note Phone and it's even nicer on such a LARGE Screen! Great for drawing, writing, whatever you want to do with a pen, you can do with this S Pen! This tablet is so fast and responsive on Wi-Fi and makes browsing a dream. I tether at work with my phone and it works great too! The Display is amazing, best picture I have seen in a LONG time, watching movies in HD is flawless and beautiful, it's almost immersive and a bit mesmerizing. The speakers actually produce clear crisp sound in stereo or even SURROUND! It's a pleasant experience to say the least. You are drawn in by its beautiful picture and the 12.2 inch screen is the perfect size for watching TV/movies anywhere! Great Job Samsung! Quality all the way! I am impressed by how well the microphone works and interacts with features like "Ok Google" and Apps that involved taking instruction from your voice, I love how easy it is to just yell out "ok Google" and it does the rest! Honestly, for what you get, it is priced just right, it's not expensive at all for what you get. I purchased this product for fun, leisure and enjoyment. If you want a fantastic, beautiful large screen tablet, I truly think there is no reason to look further. I love Android, so it's the android of choice for me. I wish there was a Google Play Edition of a larger size quality Tablet like this but there isn't. As you know, Google Nexus Brand or Google Play Edition always get's updated software, the hardware get's older but the software keeps getting updated which I would think would be a nice feature. So my next phone will be a Nexus or Google Branded phone. I did not buy this product from amazon.com even though I love them, I got a better deal buying it through Costco, not on the price of the tablet mind you, same price but on the price of the extended warranty. You get a one year warranty and the nice addition of a NINETY Day return policy plus the extended drops and spills warranty I purchased was about a fourth of the price for something comparable on amazon.com. So, that's the only reason I didn't purchase from amazon.com. The nice thing now is I can enjoy my amazon prime account even more since I can use their instant video app as of this week. Also, while I love my little Kindle and as I mentioned before I wanted a true Android OS, not an amazon Hybrid, I would have purchased another Kindle Fire if it had a larger Screen and it would be nice to have Google Play on Kindle Fire too! Just sayin. So, Go buy this tablet, you WON'T Be Sorry! You will be Happy, like me. :") P.S. I wanted a 90 day return policy, just in case I had buyer's remorse. Sometimes with large ticket items, I have buyer's remorse. I am here to tell you, that didn't and won't happen. I am "connected" to this bad boy, I take it everywhere and why not, it can do ANYTHING! :") Buy it and you'll be Happy, like Me. :") UPDATED 9.11.14
RMRO5A53UIGNA	5.0	I love my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12	9	9	I love my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2. I am a photographer and use the tablet as a digital display screen when showing work to clients. The screen is the sharpest and brightest I have ever seen and definitely betters the iPad. Battery life is pretty good for hours of photo work or video watching. The only problem I have had is with a strange screen flicker that appears to be common to many of the Note Pros. To fix flickering in video: Enable developer options in settings (go to about device and tap Build Number 7+ times). In developer options, under hardware-accelerated rendering, check "turn off hardware overlays". You can also check "force GPU rendering", but I've found the former is all that's necessary.
RBWJ5NCWKBNGC	4.0	Want a big 'tablet'? There is no alternative at the moment.	8	8	I live in South Korea, and this summer I bought this tablet and have used it for about half a year now. I have used many many tablets including Galaxy Tab 10.1 (1st and 3rd), iPad 3, Omni 10, Venue Pro 11, Nexus 7 (2013). I have also had chance to take my hands on Surface 3, Xperia Z (1st), iPad Air, iPad Mini, etc. I mainly use tablets at home. I seldom carry them outside. I mostly watch videos on them. So, I have always wanted a big tablet. There are lots of 10.1 tablets and after using 12.2, I cannot go back to 10.1. 10.1 looks so tiny and small now. If you want a big tablet, you have probably compared this to Surface 3. Well, let me tell you something, if you want a laptop, that is thin and light, go buy Surface 3. But if you want a tablet, you should buy this. You could have dreamt that Surface 3 is one single device that can meet your needs for both a laptop and a tablet, but only it is not. For Surface 3, there are not many tablet apps (being Windows 8.1), even for basic things. You may think 'but there are millions of traditional applications such as Photoshop!'. There is the problem. Those applications are not for touch. Most of the time, you will have to place Surface 3 on a desk or on a solid floor, and use a mouse and a keyboard. Is that how you really want to use your 'tablet'? I have to say that this tablet is NOT perfect, but so far I like it and I think there are no alternative large tablets at the moment now. Again, if you want a tablet, please do not buy Surface 3. One of my colleagues bought it I borrowed it and used it for a while. It was more like a laptop than a tablet. Surface 3 is heavier and noticeably thicker than Note 12.2. You will hear fan noise. What I like about Note 12.2 - Big screen. Although I hate that it is pentile. I can see the rough outline of small text. Also, I hated that yellow looked somewhat dirty and dark. But when I see videos/pictures it is not noticeable. Colours other than yellow look great. Please download the 500px app and view pictures full-screen. You will be amazed. I am waiting for the next version of Note 12.2 with AMOLED screen or non-pentile LCD. - Thin and light, considering its size. - Vibration. Some other tablets do not have vibration (haptic feedback), and I hate that. - Good stock keyboard. Especially the best Korean keyboard. Stock keyboard supports many languages including Japanese. - Good handwriting features. Recognised even my Japanese and Kanji. - Micro SD slot. Google should put it to Nexus devices!! For heaven's sake, Google. - Performance. The quad-core CPU is relatively fast and its 3GB RAM almost never runs out. As a test I ran Asphalt 8, and it was not that smooth. But since I do not play games that much, for normal 'apps', I have no complaints about the performance, even for multi-tasking. - Small Samsung features. I do not use it often but the split screen and pop-up window and other additional features that Samsung has added are sometimes very helpful. Need improvements - Pen has a button where your thumb is placed. When drawing something, it is too easily pressed by mistake. There should be a mechanism to hold that button. - Mediocre Speakers. Not bad but lacks base and high pitch sound is too sharp that it hurts my ears. I wish the speakers were as good as those of iPad 3. - Magazine Look needs more widgets. The only things I actually use are the Music and the S-Planner. Others are social updates (which I do not use) and Flipboard widgets (which does not automatically updates and cumbersome). For the last half a year, Samsung has not added any new widgets to the Magazine Look. - Too many unnecessary processes. It has 3GB of RAM but almost 2GB of the RAM is used by default. Samsung should make it easy for customers to unload unused modules completely. - No LED notification. I have to turn the screen on to see if it is fully charged. On my phone, the lamp turns green when it is fully charged. - No NFC. - Power button is not so easily accessible, especially when using a cover. When I try to turn off the screen it is not easy. Samsung should put 'Turn screen off' to the quick command buttons in the status bar.
R7F4TBQJ4R78V	5.0	Simply the Best product I've seen in years!	8	8	I have been using the Toshiba Thrive 10.1 for several years as an early adopter. All the Apple iPad geeks would make fun of both my brick of a tablet and Android OS. I'm pretty old school when it comes to taking notes and the legacy handwriting apps were a challenge. I'm happy to report that the Pro Note has not only solved these problems, but exceeded my dreams of a fully functional handwriting capability that is well beyond anything else I've seen. Additionally, the Voice to Text function is astounding for accuracy. Yes, the Note Pro is large but not cumbersome. Being an old guy, I like some heft as I feel like the device is a serious machine. Still uncovering a lot of the functionality (had the Tablet for less than a month) but, so far, who needs a laptop anymore? I purchased the Logitech Keyboard Cover in addition to a MOKO leather cover and have a Microsoft mini mouse and Wacom Bamboo Stylus as well. With these accessories I am good to do just about anything in a package weighing a couple of pounds. I use the Tablet mostly for business so I can't comment on all the Media power it has but what I've seen is pretty awesome. I work in IT Services and the company is on a Windows environment top to bottom. This has caused me no problems in interfacing with the Pro Note. I use Evernote instead of OneNote for all my cross platform data syncing and it's bulletproof. OneNote sucks in the Android environment. Speaking of talking to Windows, several things jump out. Using LogMeIn, Teamviewer or VPN, I can access anything required on the Corp. Network as well as my Laptops. Documents, Spreadsheets and PDF's are rendered on the Pro Note perfectly and with the extensive markup and note taking options, I'm thinking of putting my huge collection of pens and markers in storage for the duration. I'm sure that other users out there will have much more detailed input than me. However, for those more mature, traditional users, there is nothing else out there I've seen that bridges the gap between old school and new that this product.
RBSEX88U7WT7F	3.0	It gets better...	11	12	PROS Large screen Stylish. I like the faux leather. It is good for reading books and documents. It might be good for musicians or artists. CONS The width in landscape combined with the weight make typing while holding the device a chore. Before you buy this, think about how you will use it. If you will use it most with a keyboard, fine. (but I would recommend buying a Surface Pro 3 instead... the keyboards offered with this tablet will not work on your lap and if you drop this tablet, it is done for. The thing is heavy and will probably crack.) If you will be holding this in your hand trying to stretch your fingers across a 12 inch screen to type BEWARE. I can palm a basketball, but stretching across this keyboard is not easy. UPDATE: using the tablet without a case made it significantly more manageable. However, it needs a hard sided sleeve. You cannot put this in a suitcase or briefcase without some sort of cover. The morale here is think about your use case.... taking written notes? Fantastic. using it as a laptop? Get a laptop or Surface 3 instead. Using it as a pure tablet for everyday web-browsing, gaming, video on the go? That may work, but it may be tough to use on a train, in a cab, etc. Using for a giant video tablet or reading kindle books in bed? That might work well... just be aware that you cannot get Amazon Video on it. The tablet lagged in performance when playing games, especially shadowgun deadzone. UPDATE: this improved significantly with Samsung firmware updates. Hancom Office only has Dropbox integration....that is a big miss. People cannot change cloud storage every time that they buy a new device. Sure people use Dropbox a lot. However a lot use Google, Box, and Microsoft. Often their EMPLOYER dictates this even in a BYOD environment. The screen just doesn't look that sharp compared to a Kindle HDX, Surface 3, or iPad 3+. There IS a reason for this...A higher resolution screen would have made performance worse. I also think that some apps do not have high resolution. On a small screen it is not that noticeable but when you scale them up to 12.2. ugh. The morale is... be prepared. This is a very good display, but it may not be the best display that you have seen. Magazine UX.... great concept. I like it for browsing news etc... it is basically flipboard. Using it for browsing email and calendars was a good idea. However there is a problem here. I have to switch between Magazine UX and the traditional tablet icon view to see all of my info. You can only get an email widget in Magazine UX. There is no email widget for the desktop. So I have to switch to UX or open the email app. Constantly while flipping between app screens I accidentally open UX. It is disorienting for a second and then requires extra swipes. That is a pain. It is somewhat like the Windows 8 UI issues. UPDATE I turned off the auto-brightness setting. That actually made gaming performance better. There was still an issue with periodic slow downs. It is probably due to something going on in the background. UPDATE The Samsung firmware update seems to have improved performance. There are still periodic stutters. VERDICT Get a Surface Pro 3 for a laptop replacement. Get this if you really love android, need the note functionality, if you really love Samsung, or want a giant screen (and you can accept the tradeoffs).
R3S7OI56V8MD1U	4.0	Replaced my notebook with this tablet, really like the tablet, but....	11	12	I've owned the galaxy note 10.1, 10.1 2014, and now the Note Pro 12.2, this is mostly comparing the tablet to the older versions I really do like this tablet, compared to the 10.1 it is definitely a bigger tablet, but when you actually have it, you'll be glad you have the real estate (and the updated android!). A lot of online reviews say you wouldn't want to pull this out all the time because it's so big, and I call bologna. It's so much smaller than my laptop, and way more convenient for simple tasks, even compared to my Galaxy S4, I'd much rather pull out my tablet to watch a video or surf the web. Pros: -Even though the specs are the same, it feels a little zipier than the 10.1 2014 did, which could have something to do with the TouchWiz and Android updates. -Unparalelled multitasking compared to other tablets -Awesome battery life (this is like hour 29 of pretty frequent use, and I still have 20% ish left) -Charges faster than traditional devices on laptops/computers thanks to USB 3.0 support -Stylus! The stylus is accurate, and easy to use, and offers a lot of features on-screen. -WHat used to be just the menu button to the left of the home button is now dual purpose, click once to open a much faster and more efficient applcation quick-switch bar, with a short hold to bring up the menu, definitely a plus. Cons: -It's actually lacking a few features from the 10.1 2014, such as NFC, which I don't use often, but would be handy in transfering files from my phone to the tablet instead of using bluetooth. Given that this is the "Next Generation Samsung Tablet", AND the "Pro" series, I would expect these tablet to have more features, not less. -Price: It's $200 more for the same hardware, absent eye tracking, and no NFC. Really?! Ok, a bigger screen is cool, but is it $200 more cool? Hardly -Stylus (also a con): It's tiny, I'm going to get a Bamboo Feel stylus and just atatch it to my folio when I'm not using it, the small stylus is convenient in that it fits into the tablet, but if you want to get some serious work done or take serious notes, I'd definitely get a bigger stylus. Final Thoughts: Yes it's a big(er) tablet than all of them on the market, but once you have it in hand, it's phenominal. You can hold it in one hand, it isn't hard, the only time I don't do this is when I should be holding it with two anyways (like over my head), it's heavy, but it's bigger. If you can choke down paying an extra $200 for literally the benefit of a bigger screen, it is worth it, the screen is great, the tablet is a great size for anything you could ever need it for, and the updated software is fantastic.
R1TJN8OCJ1LE4T	1.0	Great tablet but screen flickers like crazy, Its extremely annoying!!!! UPDATE 5/2/15	11	12	Wish I could like this tablet, Its a power house of a tablet but after 3weeks my tablet started to get a really bad screen flicker. Not sure if I want to exchange it or return it as this screen flickering is a big issue and A quick google search brought up a lot of people with the same issues :( Since I can't upload a video here is my youtube vid I made of the flickering issue https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFnjfkI_8VU&feature=youtu.be I opted to get a replacement and returning this one. I hope the replacement does not do this. Fingers crossed UPDATE 5/2/15 ______________________________________dropped to 1 star Well after about 3.5 weeks into my replacement the same issue was occurring with the screen flickering. After doing some research, I found out the soldering points on the battery are the week point of this device. Just from normal use the soldering point will weaken and fail causing the screen to flicker, due to the flexion of the device from being so big and not having a stiff back. I'm sure if you use a stiff enough after market case it will delay the the issue but for how long is the risk.. To bad as its a really nice tablet, but after two tablets presented with the same issue, I returned the second one... Your experience might be different but it's just not worth the risk to me to have a 680 dollar tablet fail on me when I use it mainly for school.
R3IEK6I0GXVX7W	5.0	Build is good, screen is awesome, usage can be tedious but has it's rewards.	17	20	UPDATE: I wanted to revisit this review and tell you how it is going with this great product. I have discovered playbook app and the ability to upload my rather extensive book library. I use calibre with a drm removal program so that I can have all of the books I purchased available anywhere. I have had some issues getting this to sync with my samsung tv. I have the remote control working and am able to control my tv just fine but I just can not get the screen mirroring to work. It acts like it is going to connect and show up on my tv screen but then fails. If anyone has an idea as to what I am doing wrong I would welcome your advise. It continues to function great and is getting free updates from Samsung for software. I really like the rubber back....around the house i do not need a cover. So you are thinking about buying one of these. They are rather high in price but you do get a nice large screen and a LOT of free software.....NOT what I would say is bloat ware. For me bloatware consists of basic come ons that give me a few days for free and then I have to pay more money. While that is true about some of the software much of what Samsung offers up is FREE> I will not simply cut copy and paste the specs. You can see those for yourself. This is a new type of device. A natural evolution of a common device. It is a new and fresh approach to this whole new category of consumer tablets. New in that they are still in their diaper stage........ much change has happened to size and weight. Screens have become better and functions have increased. I like this device. I am still learning how to use it. My usage of windows 8.1 definitely helped me get going on this. Sure I know this is android but it does share some common characteristics with the surface pro2...... i.e......you can have multiple applications running side by side. I like using the pen. It is unlike any other pen I have used. It communicates with the screen long before you ever touch it. It is stowed in the side of the device. I did not know this so I looked back through the box thinking they had forgotten to send it to me......then I found it. I was able to sync up my microsoft exchange account, my cox account, calendars, contacts, etc.... I am able to use the amazon mp3 app to listen to my music..... I uploaded ALL of my music to the amazon mp3 cloud many months ago. Dropbox works fine as does OneDrive. Like many people I have vision problems. Vision problems are not something for the aged it affects millions of people of all ages. The accessibility options are cool. I have my voice over set for British female voice. She sounds sexy. I think I would like to meet her....anyone have Raj's twitter account..... Since he found Siri maybe he can help me find my sexy British voice...... (don't tell my wife that I am looking for her) Sooooo with the pen out you just hover around the screen and it tells you exactly where you are. Touch the icon for settings or samsung apps and she will talk you through it all. I have the power button set so that if I hold it down for two seconds it pulls up the accessibility options so I can turn her off just as easily as she turns me on. One caveat with the voice over on is that you HAVE to use the pen..... finger touch does not work to change pages etc..... Playbook..... a great way to get books and a FANTASTIC way for those of us with vision problems to get the text just right. Now that I have been using my new iPad Air and this Galaxy note for reading I fully realize what I was missing using my amazon HDX 8.9. You can get the fonts way larger on the iPad Air and the Galaxy note than the amazon device. When i say bigger i mean BIGGER. We are talking about the difference between say 40 font and 60 font. PLUS with the added real estate of the galaxy I can get around 15 words per page. The playbook app also has free and always on text to speech. You just move the pen to the top and click start speech. Voce over works pretty much like on my iMac. It works with programs on the note. i.e...... Netflix.... voice over works with it and will read me what is on the screen. A big plus for those of us with vision problems. No more trying to find my high powered glasses...I can just activate voice over and use my lower powered 5.0 magnification glasses. Sadly when I use the google playbook I have to listen to there rather robotic female american voice....... please google let me use the samsung british voice. I think I love her. I bought one case for this but it just is not what I really want. I have two of the ionic brand on order. One is like there Kindle HDX case and has a keyboard and the other is hopefully like a book.
RFG6IUO0NQLBA	1.0	This was a 3 star product before the lollipop OS ...	11	12	This was a 3 star product before the lollipop OS update. Now its a 0 star, unfortunately you cant give a rating that low. Before the update the tablet was serviceable but far from worth the price. My work apps (citrix worx) did not display properly and made it almost impossible to actually function for my work. I went back to remotely logging in to complete work from home on my windows PC due to this. After lollipop, the logitech keyboard (which stated on the packaging was certified to work with samsung) stopped working. Now i have spent ~$800 on a tablet that cannot even perform the simplest tasks without removing 1/2 the display for a keyboard. I would return everything but I am past the return period. Also, 2 hours on the phone with samsung customer service only got me the comment "This same thing happened when microsoft released windows 8, all kinds of stuff stopped working". Yes, that is why i didnt buy a windows based product and your comment is why i wont buy another samsung.
R37DU6U4XH1OVB	5.0	I would recommend to anyone, business or pleasure.	7	7	I love my Galaxy Note Pro 12.2. I was in the market for my first tablet that would be used for both work and pleasure. I was an early adopter of the Kindle, and love my Kindle Fire HD 7". I watch all of my shows, and it travels well for trips. I picked this up, as I wanted something with a large volume of apps to use, and not such as customized operating system that is restrictive. I had considered an iPad, Microsoft Surface, and also the newer Galaxy Tab S 10.5. I prefer the ability to swap memory cards, and have always been a bigger fan of the Android operating system, especially as of lately. Granted early versions of android were rougher, they have it down now though, and it is lovely to use. Battery life is great, and I love the size. Between this and the Tab S, I feel the Tab S has its colors over-saturated. Pictures and videos look more natural, and have less color bleed. Also, you can't beat the size. I have a Note 3 phone, the Fire HD 7" and now this. I wanted the larger size, and it is closer to almost being a small laptop. The screen size allows you to use the on screen keyboard without issue if you want. Or you can go with a bluetooth keyboard like I did, for extented periods of typing. I would recommend this to anyone. It is great to watch movies on, though I still use the kindle for in bed, to keep the light emmited down and not bother the wife. The pen is great for taking notes, and is less intrusive to a conversation than typing, as writing looks like your still connected to the conversation with them. There are lots of cases and protectors out there, so a lack of add-ons should not stop you from buying this. Even though this does not have Microsoft, I am still able to use apps to get to things I would have done through Microsoft Office. Other than that, I don't think I have missed anything, about this, versus Apple or Microsoft. Feel free to ask any questions I might not have answered, and I would be happy to try an answer them.
RGVSFS4U35JVD	5.0	HANDS DOWN, IF YOU WANT THE BEST, THIS IS IT, AT LEAST FOR A FEW MORE MONTHS!	7	7	I started back in the day with the Samsung infuse as my first introduction to Androids and haven't looked back since. The majority of time spent on a PC is primarily entertainment and I've found Androids to give the most seamless interactive environment for the majority of casual PC users while taking their interactions with their phones to levels once only dreamed of in Science Fiction . A little backgrounds, I am a A+ certified with a advanced degree in Business Management as well as Network Administration. To say I'M partial to Samsung is equivalent to saying I have a preference to live. I've indoctrinated my entire family into the Samsung family. Start I'm with the infuse, I've gone through the entire Galaxy line of phones and tablets for myself and my family. From the s2, s3, s4, s5 phones to multiple Tab 2 7.0, tab 2,10.1, the note 10.1 the note 8.0 and now the note pro 12.2(my favorite so far. Right now with my wife, two kids and myself we have 2 S5 and 2 S4 phones and a note 8.0 Wifi, an 8.0 note At&t cellular, and a Galaxy Note 10.1 and my personal Tablet the note pro 12.2. This list doesn't onclude the smart TV's ;Blue Ray Players Etc Now that I've exposed my strong personal bias towards Samsung, I have to tell you that the Pro 12.2 is beyond most any other Tablets you've worked with. This has the closest thing you'll find to MICROSOFT OFFICE installed on any android tablet. The large screen and docking capabilities to use with an external keyboard is finally practical. Not to mention the incredible graphics, the ability to run not just split windows, but four windows that you can adjust the size for a more practical functionality. Then there is the capability to link different programs together so for example you can open your Email App and your Calender/appointment screen with one click allowing common tasks to be completed more efficiently. I could go on and on about the benefits of this tablet, however, someone seriously looking for the best, and aren't scared off by the price tag will be in a state of euphoric bliss after getting this tablet. As I've mentioned extensively, hands down there isn't any better phone or tablet than Samsung's. I've played with a few others and unfortunately for a short time my kids fell into the peer pressure of having to have an Apple. That social conditioning and peer pressure fell victim to my children who could run circles around most PC and Android user's. , from rooting the device's and using open source software to create and modify their existing androids. The Apples, had a very short shelf life in our house!
R1HYRS66OVCGA5	5.0	This tablet pricey but awesome	10	11	It took a while for my to pull the trigger on this one. I just felt like it cost too much. However, now that I have the tablet I have nothing but great things to say about it. My previous tablet was a Gen-1 Ipad and this tablet and my ipad are night and day. I enjoy using the multitasking and the S-Pen is very handy as well although, I wish that I could do multitasking with Netflix without rooting the device. Accessories are cheap (unlike Apple), but not plentiful (unlike Apple). I was able to purchase 2 cases and screen protectors for about $30. Battery: I have had the tablet for about a week, I am getting approximately 9-10 hours of use. I typically stream Netflix, play games and surf the web with some light drawing via S-Pen Storage Expansion: I purchased the Samsung 64GB Micro-SDXC-I card. The card worked great no need to format it. Syncing: This is where I ran into some issue and had to do some serious research. I wanted to be able to continue using iTunes to organize my media but sync that media including playlist to my android tablet. I tried Samsung KIES 3: I thought this would work very well for me, but it seemed to be missing a lot of functionality such as exporting playlist, etc. KIES 2 had all the feature but was not compatible with the GNP DoubleTwist: This product worked well, but it will not sync any DRM protected content, my view here is I paid iTunes for the music and I would like to be able to put it on a non Apple device without paying to use their service. Doubletwist also would not let me write my music to the SD card. Android KitKat 4.4 prevents applications from writing to the SD card. This was a show stopper for me. I want to control where my content goes. I know they did it for security reasons but they need to find a better way to handle this. iSyncr: This is a paid app ($3.99 US) . This app allowed me to continue using iTunes as I did in the past, it simply hooks into iTunes and finds your content/playlist and syncs that with your Android device. iSyncr also allows you to write to the SD card no problem. Screen: The screen is phenomenal I have watched a few bluray movies on it and I am very impressed. Speakers: The speakers on the GNP compared to my Gen-1 Ipad are very good. The sound is not only loud, but rich and crisp. I do not see the need of always connecting a Bluetooth speaker to my tablet just to hear over some back ground noises. Docking: I currently use the cable that came with the device, but would really like a docking clock system for my bed side. Unlike Apple, Samsung has very few options in this space. Camera: Camera doesn't seem to do a very good job in low light, but who takes pictures (often) using a 12.2 inch tablet. The software for the camera and movies seems to be feature rich, but I cannot provide a lot of detail as i have not used this part of the tablet often. Performance: The tablet is smooth and does multitasking without any issues. Inititally there seemed to be a little lag as you swiped from screen to screen, but I followed the advice of another Amazon reviewer by the name of Chris Olic to resolve those issues see link below. http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2OHHGEWFW3577/ref=cm_cr_pr_pdpon Summary: I hate that I took so long to purchase this device. I can see myself using it for a very long time. Everyday I seems to find a new awesome thing I can do with it. Do yourself a favor and don't wait as long as I did go get this awesome tablet.
R1OL2P7FIPNA5T	5.0	simply the best tablet money can buy.	19	23	I absolutely love this tablet!! I was in the market for buying the note 10.1 2014 edition but when I found out about the note pro 12.2, I knew that the additional screen size would come in more handy for note taking for school, internet browsing, media consumption, etc. The added multitasking features such as having four apps opened at the same time come in very handy when doing research, jotting down notes, and writing a word document all at the same time! A lot of people are saying that it is too big, but I have not had an issue with that at all and you come to get used to it quite fast. The Hancom office suite that comes with the tablet is the closest to microsoft office that I have ever seen on any mobile platform and simply better than any app out there that I have seen so far, for those interested on having a similar experience as the microsoft office apps. The Spen features come in very handy for note taking, drawing, cutting and pasting pictures or objects onto some other documebts or apps. Knowing that it uses wacom software technology, this allows the spen to have pressure sensitivity on the tablet which straight out beats and puts to shame any ordinary stylus out there. Ever since getting this tablet mainly for use at college, I have never once pulled out a paper and pencil since I now do it all on the note pro, thus possibly saving me money on buying paper and pencils/pens while also giving me a better experience than I can get out of paper and pencil. The note pro 12.2 is simply a beast of a device as I have not had any issues at all with the software because it has 3gb of ram so it allows multiple apps to run at once without slowing down the device nor causing any hiccups or freezing. No other device can stand up to this note pro 12.2, the kindles and ipads have nothing on this device. Im not here to rip on any of those two devices, im simply just stating what is true because none of those two allow you to do as much as the note pro 12.2 allows you to do. I know this device is not cheap, but it is worth every dollar if you are looking for a very capable device for work/school with lots of power and multitasking features.
R1XTL7P2M5USKP	5.0	Really nice!!!! - Would recommend to anyone who likes a big tablet	7	7	I got this tablet three days ago and so far I love it. I have used and worked with a lot of different android tablets in the last few years and this is my favorite so far. It is replacing my original 10 inch Asus TF101 Transformer tablet which is about 4 years old. For this review I am not going to get into what Android can/cannot do compared to other tablets... Android is my preferred OS so I am mostly commenting on this hardware. Pros: -The screen quality is excellent -The audio quality is excellent - nice and loud - rich sound -Touch screen and SPen are REALLY nice - Tried a Wacom before and this blows it away -It's big!!!! -For it's size it's not very heavy - almost the same as my 10 inch TF101 -When its laying down it is very easy to type on. Close to as easy as a physical keyboard -Movies/TV on this device are excellent -Very fast and very responsive Cons: -The screen is VERY shinny - might add a matte protector -It is heavy compared to smaller tablets (but reasonable for its size) -When holding the tablet my fingers are not quite long enough to easily hit every key on the on-screen keyboard making it clumsy to type on -Re-sizing icons is not supported so everything appears really big. Would have been nice if Samsung had customized touchwiz to account for this
R31DLNPA6KQGAY	1.0	I love the Galaxy Note Pro	19	23	Actually, I love the Galaxy Note Pro. The problem is this: I agreed to pay over $800 for a NEW unit. When it came, the inner package seemed, well, somewhat shopworn. A little crumpled and closed with scotchtape. When I opened it, the unit itself was not in any sort of cellophane, it was just loose. The little "how to" booklets were just thrown in the box unsecured, as was the power cord. When I took the Tab out, it was already 100% charged! Hey, great! But the screen was heavily covered in fingerprints and smears. Well, maybe it was the quality control people making certain the unit worked. To make a long story short, I fired the unit up, and found over 300 emails from THE PREVIOUS OWNER, including several about wanting to return the unit because it was not working properly. I called Amazon, and they were fine, offering me over $100 refund or return the unit. I decided that if the unit was refurbished, I'd give it a try. After all, it was in hand, and it was needed. Well, apparently it was not refurbished, and began not performing immediately. Amazon, as usual, was wonderful about allowing me to return it for a full refund, BUT THEY SHOULD NOT HAVE SENT A USED UNIT AND CHARGED ME FOR A NEW ONE. True? I'll still buy from Amazon. I buy huge amounts of stuff there. But I will be much more circumspect about what I buy and closely examining it once it gets here.
R1FZ7JWP205D6C	5.0	Still new to it, but so far WOW	36	46	I've S-pen.only had the tablet an hour now but I love the full screen keyboard and the new tile system is fantastic, I really like it. It's actually less heavy than it looks given its size. I am moving over from a note 10.1 2014 edition and so far immediately very happy with this device. I'll update more later. I'm giving it 4 stars only because it's my first impressions. Update: WOW, I new there could be 4 windows but they are always shown (on various website images) as a quad of windows. In fact you can turn many apps into overlapping windows or Facebook style chat head bubbles. I'm writing this review with my "s" pen and it's absolutely fantastic. It's great to have it on your lap while using the S-pen. So far it's very nice and I Love the large Screen. Update still loving the device. Very easy to touch type on. The interface is smooth, no jitters as far as I can see right now. It would be nice if more major apps could be windowed. There are two different ways to use the windows. If you swipe left from from the side of the screen you see the multi apps. There are currently about 28 apps that use multi window. If you just TAP an app it will open as a floating window, like in, well, Windows. You can have 5 apps open at once in floating windows and they can be resized and minimized into chat heads. Very handy. If you DRAG an app it snaps into grid formation and you can have 4 of those. I really like the flexibility in the operating system. Another great thing and I don't know if this is kit kat but I know I can't do it on my note3 which is still running jellybean, but you can set Google play movies to DOWNLOAD MOVIES TO YOUR SD CARD and for me this is huge! The only reason I wanted a 64gb tablet was to hold more movies but I only need 32 now because I can put a ton of movies on a 64gb sd card. Makes the 64gb version unnecessary. If anyone has questions I'll do my best to answer. Loving this tablet! And no it doesn't feel so big when you get used to it.
R3ERB7OBRGURUH	5.0	Note Pro 12.2 vs Note 10.1 (2014 edition)	18	22	If you are considering this tablet, you are probably also considering the note 10.1 2014. Having had the chance to use both for a few weeks, I will try and list the pros and cons of both so that hopefully it can help your buying decision. So I have had the opportunity to use this tablet for about 10 days. Prior to this I had a note 2014 for 2 weeks. I liked the note 2014. However, there were many times when It froze on me. It also had a very noticeable light bleed issue on the screen which was annoying when watching movies. I went through 2 note 2014 tablets and the same issue was present in both so I decided to give the note pro a try. The note pro doesn't have the same issues as the note 2014. It hasn't froze on me once. Apps run a lot smoother. And light bleeding is barely noticeable. The hardware on the two tablets are pretty much identical minus the USB 3.0 that is only present on the note pro. However, I don't find this to be much of a drawback. Charging time on the note 2014 is pretty fast. The other obvious difference is the screen. This can actually be a pro or a con. But one pro of having the bigger screen is the ease of typing using the on screen keyboard using all 10 fingers. I am actually typing this using the screen keyboard and am able to type pretty fast so I feel no need to buy an external keyboard. The other pro is the multitasking ability of the note pro is definitely better due to a larger screen and supporting software. However, due to the bigger screen, the pixel density on the note pro is lower than that of the note 2014 so you can actually see pixels if you look closely. The note 2014 screen is much sharper. Movies actually looked better on the note 2014. A lot of you are probably concerned about the weight. It really isn't that heavy but because it is so long, it will be hard to hold in landscape mode for a long time if you hold it from the side with 1 hand. I like to hold it from the middle in landscape mode. It's a lot easier that way. But if you're laying in bed, you can just rest it side ways and lay sideways. If you're sitting, you can lay it on your lap. Holding it in portrait mode is not much of an issue. If it's an issue for you then you need to work out! :) Now on to pricing. Not much needs to be said here. Most of you have probably already put some thought into this. But here are some of mine. Is it worth the 200 dollar price difference? If you compare with the mac book air line, a 2 inch screen upgrade, extra battery life, and extra ports is about 100 dollars. So what makes up for the extra 100 dollar difference? Probably software. One thing to keep in mind Is that samsung distinguished the note pro from the note 2014 as their pro line of tablets. Although the note 2014 will get an update to kitkat 4.4 pretty soon, it probably won't be getting the additional software such as wancom office. That software upgrade is probably worth 50 dollars. In conclusion, I don't feel like the note pro is worth 750 dollars. It should be more like 700 dollars since the note 2014 is selling for 550 right now. However, I will probably hold on to my note pro despite the pricing since it fits my needs better. I will be using the note pro to take written notes in class and a larger screen makes it a tiny bit easier to do this. I will also use it at the gym to read power points and study while I walk on the treadmill. I find it easier to read ebooks on the larger screen as well. I am also considering buying a wind shield mount for the note pro so my passengers can watch movies while I drive and a bigger screen will help viewing from farther behind. However, it might not fit if you have a smaller car or sportier car with a more slanted windshield. All in all, if you need a device mainly for entertainment/content consumption and require some abilities to create content on Microsoft office then this tablet is for you. But unless you really need it right away, I would wait for the price to go down a bit.
RDB4VP86DH3ET	4.0	Great Tablet - Bad Software	15	18	Previous Tablets Owned: ASUS TF700T Previous Phones Owned: MyTouch 3G, HTC Sensation 4g, Samsung Galaxy S4 Pros: - Faux leather backing It's a very nice texture. I've actually covered it with WAWO's case, but it has a similar faux leather. After owning an S4, i appreciate the grip. - Light I don't care what people say, for a 12.2 inch tablets, the Note PRO is completely reasonable in weight. If you have lead poisoning, this tablet may not be for you. - Thin - S-Pen The S-Pen is a pretty neat piece of hardware. Although you can get a stylus for any touchscreen device, the S-Pens built in software and the inclusion of detecting whether the pen is in it's craddle or out makes it just that much more useful. Utilizing Tasker and Note Buddy, for example, puts the S-Pen on another level. - Hancom Office Jesus, this piece of software is a gem. Couldn't ask for much more from an android Word replacement. - 4 Window Split Screen & Floating Apps * Floating apps have been around for ages including browsers and calculators, so that feature isn't very original. But the 4 window split screen is done impressively well and the 12.2 inch screen really provides the real estate to make it viable. The ability to "pair" apps together is particularly useful for things like email and calendar. Cons: - TouchWiz & Samsung Apps As always, TouchWiz remains a fairly unresponsive, crashy UI. WatchON crashes constantly in the background and I've even had the entire UI process repeatedly crash on me until I hard rebooted the tablet. There's also some hitching when returning to home screens, but that's par for the course with most android devices. - Price Yeah, not much to say here. - PPI Because of the massive screen size, the pixels per inch is significantly lower than, say, the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9". But honestly, unless you look really closely, you'll hardly notice the difference. For me, the extra screen area more then makes up for it.
R3JLI0FIGXVAAB	5.0	Hello Samsung - goodby Apple	7	7	Finally decided to give another tech company a shot after 8+ years of Apple iphones and ipods. And I'm so glad I did. Samsung look, feel, features and OS is light years ahead of Apple. Somehow overnight Samsung jumped beyond the competition and created superior products. I even have a Samsung refrigerator. Their smart TV's are also wonderful. If they made one, I'd buy a Samsung car. I'm sold on the brand.
R160Z791C0B0OU	1.0	This WAS a great device.	10	11	This WAS a great device... until the Lollipop update. Now it won't support my bluetooth devices (keyboard, mouse). Samsung's response: you should have purchased Samsung bluetooth devices, not logitech; we don't support non-Samsung products. That's bad business. If you actually plan to use your tablet to replace a laptop, I encourage you to look elsewhere.
R1ADUIC7LHN8E5	5.0	Great size for those needing larger font for reading	12	14	I really like it. Screen is still sharp, though not as sharp as the same pixel dimensions in the two smaller versions, but every bit as good as an iPad, only bigger. I really like reading the Zinio magazines on it. Lots of folks have written way more, so I'm going to keep this short. I bought mine as used, not new to save about ten percent. Wrong idea. No complaints about the unit or accessories. The box was a bit crushed, but I got the version "in original packaging" thinking it would be new, just a defect in the packaging. Well, the unit was apparently registered by someone else and, upon trying to register it, I was told I was out of luck on claiming any of the perks -- like a $25 Google Play credit and multi-year free access to several services. I'd have to login using the original credentials, which, of course, I don't have. Not only that, if I want to use the Google "find my device" service, I can't because it's not registered in my account. I'm a bit concerned that whomever did register it could also activate the "erase all data" option and wipe me out. So I'm not too sure about buying things like tablets through the warehouse. It's a great device and an OK discounted price (although too high overall, but it is 12.2 inches), but the loss of other benefits may not be worth it.
R3B62XHWCFS69W	4.0	Great tablet, one little issue.	9	10	Well, the tablet is pretty awesome, definitely an upgrade in performance. The size is great and the bundled software is actually useful. The CPU can handle quite a bit for a tablet, however it does get quite warm. The 64GB of internal memory is plenty of room apps and more, I added on a 64GB SD card but both external and internal memory have plenty of space left. The wireless card seems to have good range, as I get 3 bars on the side of my apartment opposite the WiFi modem and my other WiFi devices only get one. As long as you don't keep the screen as bright as possible the battery will last all day with moderate to heavy use. My only issue is that the screen flickers when videos are played. I have checked a few forums online and this does seem to be an issue that many people have experienced. Samsung is in contact with me and I will be sending it in to be repaired or replaced. Judging from the charging issues with the Samsung Note 10.1 (2013 Ed.) it's probably a faulty cable, or connection on the inside. I'll try to get more info out of them as to what the issue was and will update here. So because of the screen issue I give the product 4 stars as that is the only issue I have run into for the 5 months that I have owned it.
R3NOSLYPZVF5LL	5.0	the superior, this is great	6	6	Advise to those making a purchase for accessories for this product. The note 12.2 S Pen only comes with rubber tips. Other Samsung note products came with rubber and silicon tips..........the silicon version works well with most screen protectors.......... the rubber tips tend to drag on a lot of screen protectors....they work well on the glass of course...........my recommendation is to buy the screen protector you want and then buy the S pen with eraser............ it comes with silicon based tips. Keyboards...... the lower cost semi leather based keyboards offered on Amazon are to varying degrees adequate........ the superior, this is great!, key board is the Logitech product made for the 12.2. However the Logitech Product does require you to pay attention when you are opening the case.........as reported in many reviews you can pop the note out of the case unintentionally........... if you are seldom going to use it in "laptop mode" the cheaper but traditional cases are okay. If you really intend to use laptop mode and tablet mode a lot the Logitech key board and overall case system is a great choice......... I am not a fan of the ZAGG or Samsung slide in and out keyboard system.............. way to much handling of the tablet.........and the logitech keyboard is still superior to that in both of those products......................
R32BG6U3YHECX4	5.0	Super awesome unit	6	6	Super awesome unit. Very large but worth it. Though battery life is low around 3 hours if doing heavy gaming that requires lots of graphics (Real Cars 3D). Was able to watch a two hour movie and still had about fifty percent charge. Non-gaming produces longer battery life but not up to the 13 hours the specs states that this will do. Does charge quickly. Is bulky and with Otter Box installed, it weighs in at 3.5 lbs. Takes about 30 seconds or so to turn on and boot up. Very strong Wi-Fi antenna built in. My Linksys 4500 will not put out any signal to the other side of the house which is 50 feet away or even outside. I've tried cell phones and MP3 players. But this tablet picks up the signal real good. Not very strong but good enough to use at the other side of the house including outside. Signal fluctuates between 97 and 144 mbps. Not too bad until I upgrade my router with external antennas. Stylus works great and is very functional. Though being able to run four applications at the same time is overkill for me. I don't use it for business, just minor gaming and surfing the net while sitting outside on my porch or between TV commercials. Also easy to setup up and customize.
RIOMPBMMTKATS	5.0	Great Tablet. I love the size......it's perfect for me.	22	28	A little background so you know what I was looking for and why I am satisfied with my purchase. The last tablet I purchased was a 7 inch generic Android Tablet a few years back. Never really cared for it and while I thought I wanted something small and portable I found myself wishing I had gotten something bigger. I currently am using a Note 3 for my phone which I absolutely love. I had been using it as an all purpose device for work to take notes during meetings and looking at excel documents. While it served it's purpose sort of. I had some problems with certain excel files and never did find an office program I was completely happy with and it was hard to take lengthy notes without a proper keyboard and while the screen is big it wasn't big enough for long lecture note taking. For me this product was a good compromise of a tablet and a laptop. The bigger screen of a laptop with the portability of a tablet. I wanted something I could use for work and for play. This thing is big though. With that being said I wanted that extra 2" of screen real estate. For me 6' tall with longish arms and average sized hands I can comfortably cradle it in one arm and use my other hand to operate it. I also find it very easy to read and operate laying down propping it up on my leg. The display is beautiful. My only complaint is in a dark room I can see a tiny bit of bleeding at the bottom when it's first booting up. Not a deal breaker for me. Movies and games look good. I'm currently using a Note 3 with the quad core snap dragon processor and was not sure what to expect with the Octacore. I am not disappointed in the least. The system is responsive with no real noticeable lag. I love the new Magazine UX Samsung implemented with this tablet. I personally find it a refreshing change up. A lot of the reviews talked about this and it seemed to be a love it or hate it. Don't let that scare you away though the core Android system you are used to is still there. There are still home screens to customize and your standard app tray. The 4 part multi view works awesome and doesn't feel cramped and you can resize the windows. It comes with Hancom office viewer by default and you can go In and download the editor for free. By FAR the best office suite I've used on Android. I have a logitech 810 bluetooth keyboard I bought to sync to this to take notes and I had zero problems getting it to work with this and both were very responsive with no lag. Made typing up emails and word documents a breeze. The S Pen functions work great as they do on the note 3. Though I wish they had made the pen a little bigger. It's the same shape as the pen in the Note 3 but 1/8" to 1/4" longer and just a tad thicker personally I didn't notice much difference till I put them side by side. Battery life has been fantastic hard to say how long I have been getting on a charge because I have been playing on it non stop. The built in speakers are quite adequate in both volume and sound quality. I have a bluetooth JBL Flip speaker I usually hook up to listen to music or watch Netflix on my phone to get increased volume. And while the JBL speaker was still better for overall quality and volume I didn't find it a necessity to use like I do with my phone. Camera quality is fine though I don't plan to use it for taking pictures or video I have my phone for that. And rarely will I be using it if at all for video calls. Though the option is certainly there and does a solid job. Internal storage, I went with the 32GB model. Almost 10 gigs of that is taken up by the OS and other bloatware. The good news of course is that it takes a micro ST card so you can expand the memory without having to overpay for a tablet with more space. All in all extremely happy with this tablet. Hope this review can help someone out. Update - 3/10/14 I opted to get a keyboard and mouse for this tablet. I picked up the logitech k810 keyboard and logitech t651 trackpad. Both work perfect. I have been using this tablet for a few weeks now and I thought I would update. I am actually typing up this review with my logitech keyboard from my tablet :) I have been using this tablet a lot for work. One question came up which was did it seem to much to have both a Note 3 and the 12.2 pro. I think this comes down to the user. I use sNote and Evernote quite a bit. I like that I can jot down quick notes with my phone and reorganize on my tablet later. I wish evernote had a better tablet layout but thats not samsungs fault thats evernotes fault. However with the large screen size on the tablet I can just go to the main website for Evernote and log in there which is handy. One thing I am really enjoying is reading comics on this. It's one thing I really wanted to be able to do with my Note 3 and it just didn't work. To much zooming and moving around. The screen on this thing is perfect for that and combined with the comixology app...MONEY! What have I been disappointed in? Since everything cant be 100% sunshine and rainbows. Lack of customization for the new magazine UX. Samsung pulled a bunch of the widgets for that. I didn't notice it at first because I didn't really end up using it as much as I thought I would. It wasn't till I was reading on the XDA Developer forums that I noticed this. I have noticed a bit of stutter when sliding between screens now that I have loaded up some of my apps. They could have made the icons smaller to allow more icons in a row rather than making them bigger. The only other thing I wish it had was sPlanner. I love having that widget on my Note 3 as I put everything in there and its nice to be able to slide a screen quick to get a quick glance rather than opening the app. Aside from that I am normally very quick to root my devices but am still rolling stock at the moment. I still don't regret my decision. And I liked this thing enough to dump another 100 bucks into a mouse and keyboard and another 150 for a "man purse" if you will that holds the tablet keyboard mouse cables and external battery backup. I got that from sfbags.com
R1SVZ4HNLGPXXO	5.0	Just what I need for school and better than Microsoft Surface Pro 3	8	9	Everything is amazing. I purchased the 64GB expecting the 32 wasn't going to be enough. I wanted to use this for college and it works great. MAKE SURE YOU GET THE LATEST UPDATES downloaded first. -Both Onenote and S-note work flawlessly for taking notes. - The Hancom office app is only a viewer, but you can use OfficeSuite, WPS Office or QuickOfficeHD to have a near 95% Microsoft compatible experience. This includes formulas in Excel equivalent spreadsheets. OfficeSuite Pro includes a PDF scanner and reader. -You can take handwritten notes EVERYWHERE. The keyboard can easily be replace with a writing pad for pen input for almost every app, that allows the on-screen keyboard. -Highly recommend you get the Armorsuite military shield screen protector. It is strong, clear and maintains pen function. -Tablet has alot of amazing features. You need to Youtube search the various features like Multiwindow, Sidesync, Remote Desktop ton of S-pen features. There is even a video for alot of tips and tricks. -Wacom Bamboo stylus is thicker and better for writing during a long class.(make sure model number ends in W2 or B2 to avoid offset problems) -64GB version was a bit overkill because latest updates provide for Apps2SD. On average I have about 14GB of Apps and system taking the card. The device space used is 9.32GB for the System so the storage will read about 54 of personal usable space. -You actually get 10 hours of use with the device (screen brightness around 50%. Which is plenty bright) -Device works great with Kindle and reading Kindle Text books for school. -Dolphin Browser and Firefox allow for all compatibility with Java and Flashplayer websites. -Ports!!! 3.0 full sized USB allows for almost any accessory to plug and play. MicroSd expansion slot. ***This is better than the Microsoft Surface 3 because A) The screen is outstanding where the Surface is good B) Windows still does the every time you install something, it changes the operating system. Android core functions and operating system is totally separate and protected. With windows every install every update changes the system and can crash it. Even in windows 8.
RAOX58ZO3AZAB	3.0	Great screen, nice keyboard, with unreliable software	8	9	I've been using this combo for several weeks now, and have a mixed review to offer. On the plus side, the screen is simply gorgeous.. it really lives up the super-high-definition hype, and those pixels deliver the goods. It's the best 12" screen I've ever seen, with generous viewing angles, true colors, great brightness. It's a joy to use, even if you don't need that kind of resolution. When used for Remote desktop, it's completely usable even at absurd resolutions. The keyboard feel is great.. keys are responsive, and the large 12.2" size allows for a really natural-feeling keyboard with a full compliment of control keys. It connects quickly to the tablet, and the internal battery goes on and on. The tablet stand works fine in either orientation, but be careful about using it on your needs or a soft surface -- if it tilts forward, the tablet falls down. The snap-together assembly of keyboard+tablet is also lame. I would have preferred a more solid hinge over the two-handed snap-apart-and-assemble drill you have to go through each time. The pen works quite well, and it's a luxury to be able to use it on the Note4 and Tablet with fluid ease. I'm not here to review Android. If you're buying an Android tablet, you know basically what you're getting. It's your Android phone, made large. The UI is almost identical to the Note4, with some added multi-app split-screen magic. The major weakness of this system is that the keyboard is not well-integrated into the system. There is *NO* system spell checker. Remember that it's your on-screen keyboard that does most of your spelling correction, so when you move to a Bluetooth keyboard, it all goes away without replacement. All email, web forms, apps -- nothing highlights incorrectly spelled words. I had no idea how much I would miss this, especially for business mail where simple typos can be a distracting embarrassment. Samsung needs to add a BT Keyboard spell-check mechanism for this to be a usable laptop alternative. Second, the on-screen keyboard keeps popping up! The BT keyboard is connected and working, but any pen-clicking on the screen slides up the on-screen keyboard as well. I had to install the Null Keyboard from Play to keep this from happening, but it has its own downsides if you switch to tablet mode. I have no idea why the key next to the space board would be "on screen keyboard". Who thought this up? You have a full keyboard, and one of the actual physical keys is devoted to bringing up the on-screen keyboard. Think about that for a moment. Battery life is okay, not great. Modern laptops can equal it, if you use the tablet all day. The screen is most of the power drain, so standby times are great. Bluetooth mouse support is also nice, and makes a great remote-desktop terminal with the keyboard. The split-screen functions are a bit limited (not all apps work) and buggy. The whole machine is a little buggy, in fact. It reboots itself randomly about once a day. Apps do not transition well from full screen to partial screen, and most are nearly useless in quarter-screen, so don't put too much faith in that multi-app functionality. Surprisingly, the apps work much better when used in the "windowed" mode where they float over the standard Android screen. This is pretty nice, if you are willing to work with very small text. All told, it delivers on the promise, but at this upper price point (competing with a top-of-the-line iPad or bottom-end Surface Pro 3!) it falls short of providing an all-day laptop replacement. The software really needs a real-time spell check and better multi-app support before it can be used for essential functions. I end up carrying both my laptop and this tablet, which rather defeats the point, right?
R2L4GCDHCLX84G	5.0	Love the tablet. Get the Keyboard!!!	17	21	I was 95% in love with this tablet until I purchased the Logitech keyboard for it. All of the sudden you realize how productive you can be with the tablet and I was 110% happy with it. I still wish there were more apps specifically designed for the android tablet ecosystem but it is definitely starting to catch up. I know this review is all over the place but I'm just putting it together really fast. Last note (see what I did there?) Samsung's customizations are actually really awesome and help make the tablet more productive. Poorly written review over.... hope it helped someone.
R2INJMY1MJN538	1.0	Very disappointed that Samsung refuses to stand behind their products	11	13	Very disappointed that Samsung refuses to stand behind their products. This tablet has a known manufacturer defect with the battery connector. This defect will gradually cause increased screen flickering that will eventually get to the point that the tablet will shut itself off and will not turn on again unless it is plugged in to a charger. It is unusable unless plugged in because of the defective battery connector. When tablets are returned Sansung sells them as refurbished without fixing the defect. Then refuses to fix the defective tablet because they claim they don't have to because it is out of warranty. They do not stand behind their written guarantee for refurbished products that "The assurance that the unit meets Samsung's stringent quality standards, and that any defective components have been replaced by genuine Samsung components". Don't buy Samsung. I never will again.
R38C8BN0TKT00	5.0	Best large tablet currently available for productivity	5	5	Wow! This is far and away the best large tablet currently on the market for productivity. It blows away my iPad Air 2 and Note 8. And from the specs it is far better than the iPad Pro since the Apple products don't support a mouse. The iPad Pro is for artists. The Galaxy Note Pro paired with the Samsung keyboard and mouse is a productivity machine. I've put my Windows laptop in the closet. Windows 10 is a mess in comparison with Android 5.0.1 on the Note Pro. The Note Pro screen is so much easier to read than on my lower resolution laptop. The included Hancom Office replaces Word and Excel 2007. I can use Microsoft Word and Excel for viewing files on the Note Pro. But I can't edit them without an Office 365 subscription. Hancom Office handles my multi-sheet password protected Excel workbooks displaying charts and graphs. So my work continues on the Note Pro. Try to do cut and paste on an iPad without yelling in frustration. The mouse on the Note Pro does it all. I bought the Note Pro for displaying my sheet music during performance which the Note Pro does well using MobileSheet Pro. It works far better than what I have available on my iPad Air 2 for displaying plain lyrics. The Note Pro displays just slightly less than an 8-1/2 x 11 sheet at 6-1/2 x 10-3/8. The Note Pro is a bit narrower than a letter sheet. Best of all, with the Note pen I can make performance notes directly on my PDF music in MobileSheet Pro. For writing music the Note pen works very well in NotateMe where the OCR converts my notes into music print. I didn't think I'd use the camera on the Note Pro. But I do use it in PlayScore for scanning printed music into MIDI and XML files for use in Sibelius on my desktop where I can transpose the music into different keys. I use my iPad Air 2 for all of the aviation apps for my plane. It's the only choice for the full featured apps. The iPad is great for consuming movies, news and social communication. I use it for that when traveling. For musicians and for productivity the Note Pro is best by far. Movies, news, and social communication are great on the Note Pro. The Note Pro screen is higher resolution than on the iPad. Multitasking on the Note Pro works well for apps that are enabled for it. You can have three or even four enabled apps open on the screen. You can use any app in a floating window. Then you can minimize a windowed app to an icon to keep it active and available. The 3 Gb of memory in the Note Pro is sufficient for true multitasking. A 12 inch tablet will never replace a desktop with a 22 inch monitor for large scale windowing and multitasking. But for most work the Note Pro is truly usable and is now where I do most of my work. I'm just so glad I finally noticed this tablet that's been available for more than a year. It's truly revolutionizing my performace music. It's a delight to use since it's so versatile.
R3SW2UU9QQTYE7	4.0	Great...EXCEPT	5	5	I have a Galaxy S4 and absolutely LOVE it, so when the time came to shop for a tablet, Samsung instantly came to mind. I was expecting a pen-driven bigger, faster, better version of my phone, minus the phone. For the most part,it's been great. It's super fun to sketch and doodle on. I use it to take notes in meetings, and it's great at keeping me organized. Even the battery life is good. I use it for a few hours on and off each day, and charge it about 2-3 times a week. Everything was great UNTIL i tried loading videos.\\ On my S4, i just connect the phone to my laptop via micro usb cable and just drag and drop. Not so with the Note Pro 12.2. I tried just dragging and dropping my videos, just like i normally do with the S4. When that happened, I got an error stating "The device has either stopped responding or has been disconnected." I updated the drivers, got the same error. I had help over LiveChat with Samsung, and for over 2 hours they were addressing the problem, which involved installing the Kies app on my computer. Fortunately, that resulted in being able to move documents over, however, when attempting to move videos over to the tablet, same error. From online forums, it looks like the problem is with how the Galaxy is implementing Android Kit Kat, but the bottom line is still the same: trying to get videos on the tablet is like trying to roll snake eyes - it happens, but very, very rarely. Hopefully, a patch will come out fixing this problem.
RD99Y27JE1W17	4.0	Better than Ipad but not perfect.	5	5	I have an Ipad and purchased the Samsung to escape Itunes. The 12.2 is a little large for hand held comfort but the full on screen keyboard is necessary for me. The 12.2 is too flexible. It needs to be in a cover. There is no worse program than Itunes. Its great to connect my Samsung to the Pc or laptop and transfer files in and out of the tablet. The Samsung prefers Mp4 video but will play windows media. Adroid apps are not as impressive as their ios counterparts but avoiding Itunes is worth the switch. Battery life is comparable to the Ipad. I would give it five stars if it were not for the poor wi-fi connectivity at hot spots. It is sometimes a chore to go to settings to make sure the Samsung has connected to the proper wi-fi service and then hope the tablet will connect to the default pop-up to accept the terms of service. I bookmark these pages at my frequently visited hot spots. If that does not work I have to reboot the tablet. Saved locations at home and office are no problem. The Ipad Safari is superior in this one respect in that it always picks up the "get connected" page at McDonald's or Lowes.
R39XZO1OAPY5IN	5.0	So far I am impressed	27	35	First of all, I am a bit of an Apple guy... so this transition is REALLY difficult for me. But I am trying! The brown truck dropped this HUGE 12.2 inch bad boy off today, and I have been playing around with it for about an hour... or 3. So far, I like it. It's very fast, I like the magazine interface, it's hard to get used to the overall Android interface as I have an Ipad Mini, Retina, and Air at home, as well as iPhones and everything else... but so far I really like, and although I do not hate iOS and plan to keep all my Apple stuff, I just want to be better with Android and really know how to use it before I can say one OS is better then the other. I have not used the S-Pen too much yet, but it works as expected.
RUXJNEAEFASIS	5.0	Best tablet ever	7	8	Best and most functional tablet I've ever owned. Pros: - Size is a definite plus. It allows to get a lot done better and more easily - Multitasking on this tablet elevates it to another level - S Pen and S Note and other Spen related apps. This in my opinion is the best part of this tablet. If you work with PDF files and annotate a lot, then this is the tablet for you. I recommend using PDF max. - Excellent screen - Good battery life. It should last you about a full days use (in my experience) - Has external SD support so I have a 128gb micro SD card installed Cons - Though it has the longest battery life of any tablet I've ever used, I still would have loved to have better battery life - Uses Exynos processor which in my opinion and experience is inferior to the Qualcomm version - Screen shots with text comes out blurry unless you use the power button + home button combination. Another way is to hold down the action button on the S pen while circling what you want to copy. The problem is that these two options do not allow you to immediately edit your screen capture like you could if you held down the action button while also holding down the tip of the Spen to the screen (this last preferred method of obtaining a screen capture produces blurry screen shots if you're capturing text) In all I'm very happy with this tablet and I actually love it because it offers so much productivity. If I broke this tablet today, I would buy it again of all the tablets out there. I'm looking forward to the next version of this tablet and intend to buy that too Update 3/27/15 It's been over a year since I purchased this tablet (purchased on 3/3/2015) and I'm still loving it so much that I'm writing an update. It still works excellently well and it still is the most functional tablet I've ever owned. I just hope its soon updated to Android lollipop. I'm definitely looking forward to the 2015 edition of this tablet. Update (7/17/2015) It's been a year and about 5 months since I purchased this tablet and I only love it more. I just updated it to Android Lollipop and the experience is much smoother. Also, the blurry screen capture issue has been fixed. I've read however that those using the Logitech Bluetooth keyboard are now experiencing issues with their Logitech keyboards after updating to lollipop. My Bluetooth devices have not had any issues working well so I suspect this is an issue Logitech will have to fix. I'll recommend holding off on getting a Logitech keyboard if you were planning to. After almost a year and a half this is still the only tablet is buy again.
R2Q12UZ0UMRSY0	1.0	Great device but... BATTERY PROBLEM	18	23	I bought this item, and just a few days later the battery started to having problems. It is difficult to charge, because it charges until 40% and stops there. I unplug the device and plug it again, and then it charges a 8% or 10% and stops again. I had have to repeat this process every time but the charging stops at 70%. So I can't charge the battery at 100% anymore. Today I only can charge it at a maximum of 50%. It's a real shame for this device and it's price. I'll contact the Samsung Customer Service but honestly I do not expect any favorable response.
RUBJUIHHDH59Q	5.0	... a professor in the university and this tablet is great for many scholar activities such as review articles	5	5	I am a professor in the university and this tablet is great for many scholar activities such as review articles, write notes, do video examples, etc. Beside, videos and movies looks great in 12.2 inches. Some reviews talk about 11 hours playing movies, I found that streaming movies with Netflix is just 4 or 5 hours. Great tablet, specially recommended if the pen is useful for your work or activities.
RUSW88VVQ6F9V	5.0	This tablet is AWESOME!	5	5	This tablet is AWESOME! I love the handwriting capability. It is, in my opinion, better than writing on paper. I use it just about every day for note taking. I'm also considering getting an app to teach me how to draw. The display is brilliant. I've also been able to read books on it while outside bright (non-direct) light. The display appears to be almost of the same quality as an e-Ink reader.
R26082GE0ETYXF	5.0	Outstanding device!	5	5	I continue to learn new capabilities of The Samsung Galaxy Note Pro every time I use it. I previously used the Galaxy Tab 2 and the Note Pro is a giant leap forward. Tremendous display, syncs with other accounts and apps seamlessly. Extremely east to set up and use right out of the box. The capabilities of the pen and the choices of settings the pen allows make it feel just like writing on a legal pad. Battery life is tremendous. I highly recommend this tablet to anyone considering a tablet purchase. Having the Note Pro has reduced my laptop use by at least 50% daily. Very easy to carry just like a legal pad. A big +1 in my opinion!,
RD7T1UHCE2HAV	5.0	Love this!	5	5	Thanks to Windows XP support slowly expiring I needed a new laptop and at the same time a tablet for school (we are using mostly ebooks.) I realize this might not be a complete laptop alternative for some people, but I really only need to create/edit documents (word, excel), web browsing, and media consumption - all of which this tablet does for me. The tablet is larger than others so it does take adjusting, but I already love it. I also have the Galaxy Note 3 and it actually makes my phone feel small! It is heavier than smaller tablets, but considering the size I don't know if you could expect it to be much lighter. The android version of office is very nice and offers a familiar feel. I ordered a blue tooth keyboard (the Anker model.) I think it would become tedious to type long documents using the tablet alone, but the keyboard pairs nicely and works great. I love that it has an expandable micro SD slot as the bloatware does take up space. I stick with SanDisk models because I already know and trust their products. The screen display is very nice. It has a nice crisp picture. As other's have stated it has the same resolution as the 10.1" models so technically the smaller screens will look better - but I personally haven't noticed much of a difference. I haven't had any problems with lag. Nice work Samsung! I rooted the device and synced all my game progress from my phone and games like Plants vs Zombies look awesome on a big screen. I look forward to learning even more things I can do with this device. PS. The multi-window feature is awesome! I love being able to run multiple apps at a time and didn't realize how useful this would be. As mentioned I am rooted so I can multi-window any app;) Edit: I've been using this for over a month now and it's awesome. The multi-window feature is so helpful. I can view the powerpoints on the left and take notes in 'hword' on the right. The girl sitting next to me with an ipad is jealous;)
R17M4HMHHALXWK	5.0	Fully integrated into my work process in two days.	5	5	Needed a device that crossed the boundary between my every day work requirements and the desire to be a bit More creative. I read a lot of documentation and Wanted an alternative to wheeling up and down with a mouse. l Wanted to be able to annotate Screen shots. I wanted to compare two Sources or read and Make notes like I do with my dual Monitor Setup at My desk. l needed to be able to remote desktop Into My work PC. I find using a laptop on a train gives me a Sore neck I wanted an alternative to typing for the train and for when I work In front of the TV. I wanted to try Evernote premium as this Would allow me to do all these things from one Place. I am left handed and found that other devices were uncomfortable and difficult to use with a pen. l have been using my note pro 12.2 for a week now And I an extremely pleased It does everything I wanted it to do. Things that Suprised me. Facebook chatting using the pen to write on the train Is a lot more relaxing and a lot less frantic then using your thumbs. The Screen size is great the split Screen really Makes it possible to Complete Most of the everyday work tasks. The google play store credit was great to have it allowed me to grab a few extra apps without feeling the need to analyse them all. This device really works Well the learning Curve on the pen was two days for me. All the other expected hardware related benefits are there. In Summary If you have to work long hours and you are prepared to adapt a few of your work processes to enable access to your documentation this device is by far the best I have found available at this time. It gives you options and it switches things up a bit from the desktop environment. The screen size and pen have been really exciting additions to my daily grind.
RX99B1RJPSUUB	5.0	A truly awesome and incredibly useful product	4	4	At this point one would have to pry the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 from my dead hands to take it away from me. With that said, there are a very few flaws -- possible even enough to justify a return or service call (I have service on it, so no problem) but thus far I haven't been able to give it up long enough to serious contemplate it. Here they are, though: * A small patch of screen over near the home button badly distorts s-pen input. That is, drawing or writing over there the lines don't come out anywhere near the stylus tip. More annoying that a deal ender for most purposes, but it can easily mess up serious drawing/painting on the tablet (which is otherwise amazingly possible!). * It tends to just turn itself off at some orientations. I'm not CERTAIN that this isn't an interaction with the bluetooth keyboard/case I have attached, as it has built in switches that are supposed to turn it off if you close the case and they may be being tripped somehow when the case isn't closed, but still, annoying as all heck. Seems to happen a lot more often when the charging port is vertical and on top than when it is sideways or vertical and charging port at bottom. It means I have to type my code in more often than I'd like to get the interface back -- nothing is lost in this, nor (again) is it a deal breaker, only annoying. * It has a custom Samsung-Note-Only USB charger. Really? It was annoying enough with my Galaxy Tab 2 that you not only had to have your own custom USB charger, but that the charger LOOKED just like a readily available iPod charger but of course, wasn't the same. Given an infinite supply of straight up USB chargers out there in the Universe, just make the tablet use a straight up USB charger, please! Sure, I know, you want to sell lots of replacement/extra cables and chargers at exorbitant prices, but you aren't fooling anyone and certainly aren't increasing customer satisfaction or loyalty, you are just annoying them. And me. * IF you are going to pre-install software on the device that is not, in fact, critical to its ability to boot and elementary function, THEN PLEASE -- install it in a state that it can be removed without rooting the device. * While we are at it, why do we have to root the device at all <i>when we own it?</i> With that short list of complaints, let me speak of its virtues. * Awesomeness. 12.2" screen is large enough to display textbook pages in full size (important to me both as an author and user of textbooks). * 12.2" screen is large enough to watch movies on in great comfort. * 12.2" screen is large enough to use as a freeform scratch pad with the Note stylus -- I <I>teach physics</i> using the device instead of paper to do algebra, building "notebooks" as I go of previous solutions or derivations. Also good for shopping lists. * 12.2" sketchbook app, with a real pen-thick Note stylus, is actually useful to make on-tablet art. I mean you can paint with it. I'm not certain that this functionality is fully developed yet -- one could imagine eventually having oil vs acrylic vs watercolor vs pastel vs charcoal and chalk level selection capabilities -- but as it stands, with brush and airbrush selections, palettes, the ability to zoom for detail, and more, one can use the tablet at <i>least</I> as a real sketch pad. * 8 MP camera (OK, this could be higher but this is pretty high). 2560x1600 pixel screen. Truly a gorgeous display <I>even</i> at 12.2 inches. Literally the sharpest display I've ever seen. * Fabulous gaming platform. Sadly, only a handful of Android games come close to using its capabilities. * Superior music platform. It's built in speakers are already not bad, although they suffer from the usual missing bass problem. Through phones or output to speakers, excellent sound. * Not completely terrible app switcher, multiple screens. With a bit of practice, one can smoothly switch between apps and navigate within them. This is android per se as much as Samsung's variant of it, but I've used worse variants. My biggest problem with it is the aforementioned tendency to switch off when holding it in certain positions or ways. Oh, well. * 64 GB inside, 64 MORE GB on a memory chip, 3 GB RAM, and you've actually got a pretty serious machine. It will hold an entire music collection of 30+ GB AND a lot of photos AND a few movies AND a whole pile of apps, including huge games. * With a bluetooth keyboard and a terminal program, it can serve as at least a dumb terminal interface to real computers over the network (good for systems manager types or command line users). Larger problem here is really good android software to support e.g. X UNDER ssh/xterm, but maybe it exists, I'll keep looking. With that, it would truly be a perfect takealong computer interface where now it is just "very good". * 8+ hours of working charge on it, depending on what you are doing. This alone is amazing and awesome. I can put music on in the morning and still be playing music when I quit work in the late afternoon. YMMV, but even playing games off the charger it lasts for many, many hours. * Handwriting recognition that actually works amazingly well for the Note stylus pen. A big enough screen that typing on it is not that bad anyway. And sure, the keyboard. I haven't really tried voice recognition much, but it is there and probably gives you a fourth way to input text either standalone or on the run or in large quantities. As you can see, more than enough things that it almost instantly becomes essential. I can work on it or entertain myself with it all day. I can use my cell phone to give it 3G/4G access and do either one almost anywhere, although most places I work the integrated 802.11 interface is free and plenty. It's big enough, and functional enough, that I actually wish it had MORE of a laptop-like interface. It isn't QUITE capable of replacing my laptops or larger computers for some of the work that I do, but it is very, very close, and with network connection to my laptops it almost doesn't matter.
R31F6O94LAINS8	1.0	Samsung tablet update broke Bluetooth compatibility	10	12	Prior to this past weekend, I would have rated the PRO Note 12.2 at 5 stars. When Samsung rolled out their latest update, and broke the ability to use my Logitech Bluetooth keyboard (as well as several other brands I tried), and then Samsung customer service told me that only a Samsung keyboard would now work, and I need to buy a new keyboard...I have to revise my rating to a 1 star. At least until Samsung goes back and fixes the compatibility issues.
R3FE8JCO2FZL8Z	5.0	A pretty penny well spent.	4	4	I bought a new one at a retailer so I spent quite a pretty penny, but it was (is) worth it indeed. I was introduced to it by a Co - worker which intrigued me as a way of taking notes because for a while I was looking for a way to not have to have to carry multiple paper notebooks and I was also looking for something with a big screen for reading pdf formatted textbooks. Needless to say the tablet has lived up to its purpose. The note taking is great since it has palm rejection so that it only records the s - pen and not my Palm which allows for comfortable writing. Additionally the app store is great too and I can actually access the personal cloud I bought as well so I can access my files there. It certainly rings true that you get what you pay for and you certainly get your money's worth with this tablet. I'm very happy with my decision and I can't wait to get to finish putting all my old notes away and into the teblet. edit. My only complaint is the battery life as it find myself recharging it every two days. That said aside, it's a perfect tablet otherwise.
RZ6W78HSYVECV	5.0	Great purchase by a college student!	12	15	I bought this to use primarily to use in school! I LOVE the 12 inch screen. 10 inches has always seemed a little small for taking notes and this is perfect. The stylus is excellent and S-Note works very well! This is my first time using Android as I've always been an Apple guy myself, but so far I'm liking the new experience. There is a learning curve though! It's definitely not as simple as an iDevice, but that's no surprise. It runs fast and it has a great battery life. There's a little lag sometimes when opening split screen apps, but it's not worth taking a star off of the review.
RW4I4RQL2O0CL	5.0	New Favorite toy/tool	4	4	Meets almost all my expectations. So many uses. The S-pen comes in so handy in my business, probably my most used feature. My only complaint is the videos on Face book are grainy, not sure why. Also I was not given the free software they advertised. Most of the software was available free on the Samsung App site, but I was supposed to get a link after registration for more that never happened. Other than that, it's fast, functional, and beautiful. The screen is so big and clear, it makes watching videos more like watching TV. The S-pen and S-note feature allows me to save paper when making notes, and I can easily E-mail hand written notes and drawings to associates. I also have the Galaxy S5 phone. They work hand in hand. When I take a photo on my phone, it is almost instantly on my tablet. It would be cool if my calender automatically synced with my phone, but Smart Switch is an option, just takes awhile.
R1T1Z4CJCW3555	5.0	If you're a student, this is the best thing money can buy.	4	4	Seriously amazing. I'm a med student and an artist and I can take notes on slides and doodle in the margins without having to zoom in and it looks awesome. The s pen is phenomenal. Everyone with an ipad complains about that stupid fat, imprecise stylus and I'm like well maybe if you hadn't made the wrong choice you wouldn't have these problems. Multi window works with every app I use including this random flash card app, and the screen and tab itself look incredibly sexy. I use this thing all day in class and I can go 2+ days without a charge. If I'm honest I was not expecting to like it but Touch wiz and Samsung have stepped up their game and it turns out the note pro is literally the best tablet a student can own. If you want a tab for class or art, forget about the ipad and the regular galaxy tab. The extra cash for the note and note pro is so worth it.
R6XJG2RWQ0MFE	5.0	We love it!	4	4	The first tablet we have tried that works for business. Looking at it from a productive business prospective this is the best tablet on the market in our opinion and we have tried almost all of them. Actually ended up with sixteen of these. Hancon is amazing, Evernote Pro is amazing(make sure you do your free upgrade the standard is just okay actually kind of worthless for business), voice recognition is flawless, ability to direct contact all other Note Pro tabs over our wireless network works great for supervisors and maintenance, and the list goes on but I have work to do. Don't write many reviews but this is a great tool. Not a fan boy of anything but this thing works. If you buy it make sure everyone is doing their updates. I think Hancon is kind of new so best to keep it updated.
R3FLT3AZH073LQ	3.0	Bloatware and Magazine UX	34	46	I'm a grad student and owner of the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1. I bought the Note Pro 12.2 for the larger screen and its integration of the Wacom stylus. My primary use for the Note 10.1 and Note Pro 12.2 is to write notes (using LectureNotes), take pictures of professors' notes on whiteboards and view PDF textbooks. I decided to trade up to the Note Pro 12.2 for the larger screen. My dream machine would be the Note Pro 12.2 with Apple OS and applications. I own many Apple products. Unfortunately, Apple products are not integrated with the Wacom stylus that I need for note taking/homework. The Cons of the Note Pro 12.2: 1) a RAM hog..the background OS applications use about 45%-55% of the RAM at all times; 2) slower than the Note 10.1; 3) more bloatware than the Note 10.1; 4) Magazine UX is limited to bloatware, social-media and selected Samsung widgets (it would be nice to have such an interface but make it completely open and customizable instead); 5) the price; 6) Multi-windows (i.e. split screen option) will not allow for horizontal screen split for just two windows (i.e. applications); 7) difficult to compose emails using webmail as the Samsung keyboard covers up the substantially all the composition/input area; 8) the camera is poor quality (only 8MP) and camera features are harder to use than the Note 10.1. The Pros of the Note Pro 12.2: 1) the large screen allows for effective split window use; 2) the large screen is great for reading technical textbooks. Fortunately, I had reward points and bought the Note Pro 12.2 cheaper than $750. Although the Note Pro 12.2 meets my needs of stylus note-taking and PDF textbooks, it does so marginally. I think that the Note Pro 12.2 (and the Samsung software) is too expensive for $750. If you don't need a stylus, it may be worthwhile to wait for the purported 12 inch iPad at the end of 2014.
R3OF2EB5AUGHWM	5.0	Best Large Tablet of 2014	4	4	Just bought this for my dad yesterday, and i can already tell its amazing. The s-pen features are snappy and intuitive, and s-Note is hands down one of the best note taking apps available. The multi-tasking is also wonderfully snappy and easy to use The Build of this device is solid but light. The plastics dont feel cheap and construction is bend and creak resistant. And the display- oh my the display. The resolution is gorgeous to the point where my father was astounded by just turning it on for the first time (2560 x 1600). Its the perfect thinness. Not too thin to the point where its difficult to hold comfortably. The specs are great and will definitely still hold up well into the future. I will hopefully be reviewing this tablet soon on my youtube channel http://goo.gl/dathHd
R1477G5476Y3KB	5.0	BEST TABLET EVVVVVEEERRRR	4	4	By far the BEST tablet ever. I was so surprised how wonderful this tablet it. I am a apple user also, I have a ipad mini but it just don't do half the things that this tablet do. The only thing is that the ipad has better apps but other than that apple needs to step their game up cause Samsung is coming for them!!! Its so much this tablet can do. I waited and waited to buy this because I just wanted to make sure I was making a good decisions and also the price was too high. But I gave in and paid only $485 which is better than the original price around $700. I triple recommend this tablet to ANYONE.
R2FG4S5L5LYUPI	1.0	I will not recommend this tablet to anyone as I have rarely been ...	4	4	When I first bought this tablet (~November 2014), I started having flickering screen issue within the first month. Got the tablet replaced for a new one. The flickering screen issue has returned for me again after 5 months of use. Especially when the battery reaches at 40% mark, the tablet screen flickers wildly regardless of what I am doing (reading pdf, browsing internet or watching a youtube video) After the a few seconds of flickering the tablet shuts down. I will not recommend this tablet to anyone as I have rarely been able to rely on this tablet for any use.
R2DW3OUZ5JGWUW	5.0	2 size as it would have been like using a real notebook	4	4	I thought about this purchase quite a bit as it's expensive. I'm an engineering student and needed an impeccable precision pen for note taking. The S Pen was a must and I desired the 12.2 size as it would have been like using a real notebook. I've been using the device a couple of days now and I absolutely LOVE it. It's the perfect size and I'm glad that I purchased the 12.2. I use "Lecture Notes" app instead of Samsung Notes though. Product is great.
R1D7MZNR0Q4S4R	2.0	Multiple problems with this tablet - I returned mine	6	7	I had several problems with this tablet. Web pages froze, but I finally found a solution on androidcentral. One very annoying "feature" is that, for many websites, the device defaults to the mobile version instead of the "desktop" version. So you have a tablet with a 12" screen that is displaying pages intended for a phone. Ridiculous. You can select for "desktop" viewing of websites, but you have to do that every single time you go to that site. But the final thing that was unacceptable was the flickering of videos. This has been reported widely on adroidcentral, and in each case the only solution was to return (or exchange) the device. Oddly, many people who had to exchange their flickering Galaxy Note Pros were happy to get one that did not flicker. For this price, a widely reported problem should have been fixed.
R8279JTX4J36E	1.0	Loved it when it worked - #Paperweight	4	4	Loved it while it lasted...I purchased this tablet on 9/18/2014. On 10/18/2015, it bricked on me. It had been fluttering for over a month, but I thought it was instability caused by the updates. Of course, Samsung told me I'm out of luck...must pay to have it fixed. If you buy this, make sure you purchase an extended warranty because it doesn't last.
R39I5IPR37HY6C	5.0	Holy Tablet Batman!!	4	4	This is probably one of the best tablets I've ever used. I have all the generations of iPads, they're good but this thing is great! I'm very satisfied with it's performance. Multiple windowing is awesome, the resolution is incredible, the speed is amazing. If you're in the market for a higher priced tablet, I'd say go with this one. I haven't found anything that I don't like about it.
R27W81XE5QSZHV	5.0	Great screen, Great multitasking, Great Productivity: What's not to like?	4	4	This is by far the best all purpose productive tablet available to date. The build quality is excellent. For students it is the most useful tablet for taking notes in class, while reading books, and on-line articles and news. With the free software from Samsung for office with Microsoft Office compatibility it turns the tablet into a laptop. The software for typing letters, articles, and more is the best available for any tablet. And finally, the S pen app for taking handwritten notes is simply a dream to write your thoughts down digitally. On balance a quantum jump in tablet experience. Some makers think customers want to use a tablet just for entertainment, Samsung's tablets are great for that, but more importantly their's is extremely productive for mature adults.
R13Z7RPABK38M4	5.0	Light, Fast, Gorgeous Screen, Solid OS -- Early Opinion is it is GREAT!	4	4	Just got this last night at a retail store, I primarily use an Apple iPad 4th gen, Ipad Mini Retina and MacBook Pro 13" Retina. Most other devices I have tried suck bad -- the slate, the Surface 1, etc. etc. I bought this primarily for taking notes during meetings. My early impression is this device is awesome for business. The Google Drive integration, the S Pen Writing and the Dropbox integration with everything is great. The multi window feature and scrapbooking pages on the fly is equally awesome. My early impressions is this will become one of my favorite devices. I will update once I have used it some more.
R28PWLA0ECD65R	5.0	Trumps ipad, Surface, any other in every way!	3	3	I purchased my 12.2 Note Pro via Amazon Warehouse Deals for just over $400, ( I saved $50 buying the white vs. the black model) with the used description being "Used - Very Good - Item is in original packaging, but packaging has damage. All accessories are present and undamaged." I unboxed the poorly designed brown Samsung packaging (not a big deal for me) and much to my delight, unwrapped a brand new tablet with absolutely no damage. The initial charge took quite a long time because the product was ice cold from sitting in a UPS truck in the frigid winter, but I did not mind. This powerful machine is the single best product I have ever purchased in my life. Youtube all the cool things you can do with the s-pen to get a better idea of all the features this tablet has. I use this just as I would a laptop, with the exception of writing paper, and it does so much for a student: I use the S-note app for taking notes, the kindle app for textbooks, and the eLearning app for online materials. The screen is enormous and vivid, even at the lower brightness levels. Having multiple apps up on the screen is awesome for multi-tasking and I have no problems with lagging. I am on this tablet for at least 6-8 hours a day, and only have to charge it every couple of days. I see people in class using iPads and $1000 Microsoft Surface tablets that just can't compete with this beauty. I love the customization that android tablets have, and despite never hearing about this product except on Amazon, it has exceeded all expectations. I slapped a $25 speck case on this bad boy, and I definitely get people peering over my shoulder in class asking what tablet I am using. I smugly oblige.
R26GU9DRZHRE1P	2.0	AVOID SAMSUNG!!!	6	7	Purchased the tablet October 14, 2014. Recently started to have problems so contacted Samsung for service. According to the paperwork that came with the tablet, it has a 1-year warranty. Samsung refused to honor the warranty, first they said because it was the wrong model, then they said, it was purchased through Woot (an Amazon-related site) and Woot is an unauthorized seller. After going back and forth with them several times, it seems obvious to me that Samsung would do or say anything to avoid honoring the warranty. If one excuse didn't work, they just came up with another one. I will NEVER buy another Samsung product!
RP93T8JW3MLSR	5.0	grab it and don't let it go!!	6	7	I'm a special fx makeup artist and I draw allot and the stylist is just awesome... and sometimes I have to draw in front of my clients as well.... and this is just an awesome device for me... it's an amazing drawing pad with no lack what so ever.... not like other devices... not mentioning any names (cough ipad) (cough sony)...... and its humongous! I could show my work to clients in this awesome clear screen and makes every color pop!! and the design of this device it's just to toooo god damn sexy! Totally worth every penny \m/ don't even get me started on the speakers! Aaaaamazing! Totally worth getting it!!
R105GSZQ9KAGB	5.0	Upgrade to Lollipop and you'll love it!	3	3	I actually purchased this tablet from Best Buy when it first came out. Over time I realized it was buggy, the screen would randomly flicker for no reason. I'm lazy though and I just accepted it. However when Samsung updated it to Lollipop (it comes with KitKat but you should get an option within a few days of turning it on to update to Lollipop) the issue I was having went away completely! Other then the glitch that has been fixed this tablet is great! It's battery lasts quite a long time, usually 2-3 days depending on what you're doing with it. The included stylus works smoothly with the tablet - and is pressure sensitive with programs that accommodate the feature. Yep it's a really big tablet, but it's a very small computer so I quite enjoy the versatility it offers. Great for watching movies or typing up a report. It's compatible with bluetooth keyboards so you have many options. Many of the other features are pretty much down to apps available across all Android devices. Most apps are available for the Note Pro 12.2 but occasionally you will find apps you can get on your phone but not the tablet. Having said that the Tablet usually gets the app eventually. It is a bit pricey if you take into account that it's size and possibly it's battery life it's a great tablet. Once the flicker was corrected I became 100 % happy with this tablet.
R1W8KBXFOKAKNU	3.0	Don't buy just yet	3	3	I bought this tablet in April under Android 4.4.4. There were some issues making it work as a productivity tool, but the resolution is great and the apps work well for the most part. Then last week (July 5th), I allowed the tablet to update to Samsung's Android 5.0.2. Now my Logitech Pro keyboard no longer works and the Samsung screen keyboard works randomly. As far as being able to type into this device, it is now a very frustrating experience. I've submitted tickets to Logitech and Samsung. Logitech is working on a solution but the issue is with Samsung. Unfortunately, Samsung's tech support has proven to be less-than-stellar in past issues. Their solution, as before, is a hard reset to factory defaults - which doesn't fixed the problem. A search on the Internet shows that this Android update has caused a lot of problems. My suggestion is to wait until Samsung releases an newer Android version. After all, $800 is a lot of money to pay for a piece of hardware that doesn't work very well. UPDATE: As of 27 Jul 2015 (3 weeks later), no fixes yet. UPDATE: Finally fixed on Aug 21st! Logitech keyboard works. The only thing I've noticed after a morning of use is that this OS eats up the battery about 5% a hour more. But not a problem.
R3UU0SLF5S0CKK	5.0	Absolutely Wonderful Device	11	14	I'm very picky when it comes to my computing devices. Android has generally fallen out of favor for me as a mobile OS, however this device makes a very strong case for it. A little background, I'm a Professional Software Engineer, decently educated, and very hard working. From about 7 am until about 11:30 PM I am consistently looking at a screen. The screen on the Note Pro is an absolute delight to gaze at, even for hours on end. If there are any defects, I cannot see them. Pictures look gorgeous, and reading/writing is an absolute delight. (the Zagg Case however, is a different story). Drawing on this tablet, whether it be in S-Note or Sketchbook Pro is delightfully painless. Coming from an iPad, this is a great surprise. Resultant output from pen input is roughly equivalent to the same results achievable (at least for me). For professional level diagrams, this has been a great tool so far, and as my familiarity with the device grows, so will it's usefulness.
RPO7YK2NH3NPZ	5.0	Bigger is Better!	3	3	This tablet is massive and surprisingly light. I haven't used it long enough to experience any bad but from my two days of usage all I can say is that it's a beast! I've been multitasking with multiple windows opened; checking my email on one, watching YouTube on the other and drawing all at the same time with no lag experienced. It feels like a laptop, but of course it isn't. I can also get a full days worth of usage without needing to charge. Usage includes whatching 3 to 4 hours of Netflix, about an hour of YouTube, a few hours of drawing, about an hour just reading (Kindle), checking emails, and general web browsing. After all that, I still have 20% to spare. I can even continue watching Netflix while the tablet charges. It goes about 5-10% per hour while watching which is pretty fast in my opinion. I'm used to no charge at all while using my Samsung Galaxy S4. Worth the buy for students, artists, business professionals and everyone ese who appreciates the big screen.
R48CUP9T3QAIQ	4.0	Now we are getting somewhere!	6	7	I have numerous tablets with this being the latest I've tested. I am seeking to find the right tool to basicly replace my laptop and allow me the same capabilities in a form factor a 6'2" guy can use on an ever shrinking airplane. This is the best I have now! I think it blows away my IPAD 3 (something I never thought anyone but Apple would do). It is NOT ready to do everything a laptop can, but I see that SAMSUNG is getting closer than anyone else. I think it is worth the money. Definitely.
R1DOSKIYFMKWSJ	2.0	Nice Laptop but it needs work	6	7	Although the Samsung Galaxy Note Pro has a very clear screen and is otherwise very nice, it has a problem with the charging mechanism and has been sent back twice to the company. They "fix" it and send it back in a timely manner but it is ridiculous that it has had to be sent back twice.
R1T8G8BUU2NBJZ	1.0	Logitech hey board used on about half these devices at around 100 bucks each are now useless, Samsung support has been crass	8	10	AVOID!!!!!! Samsung will update the Android, break your expensive peripherals connectivity, and leave you hung out to dry. Lolly pop update Hass killed numerous third part mice, keyboards, air pedals, and Samsung support blames the third party mfrs, even though all those devices worked prior to the update. Logitech hey board used on about half these devices at around 100 bucks each are now useless, Samsung support has been crass,in denial and outright hostile to customers.
R20XJCSHXBRTK3	1.0	Does not work with Many Bluetooth devices since the OS upgrade	8	10	Do Not Buy this product if you intend to use it with Bluetooth devices. Since the upgrade to the new Android operating system (lilipop 3.0.2), many bluetooth devices (notably the Logitech keyboards) do not work. There is no date-certain for a fix. Ref the discussion on AndroidCentral for details. http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-note-pro-12-2/551276-bluetooth-issues-after-5-0-2-a.html
R1U0RJAPY8AUGF	5.0	Awesome	3	3	My boyfriend bought this for me as a birthday present! I always wanted a tablet and when I heard about Samsung new tablet I fell in love. I am overjoy that I own this! I use it for reading, playing games, reminders, sync it with my note 4, and so on. The best use I get out of it though is for school notes. The tablet is fast and no problems occur! The pen is silk and easy to use! I also was given free 50gb of storage for dropbox and a free 25 dollar gift card for Google app store. Also I recently discovered the drawing app by Samsung and I love it. I am still figuring out my tablet though so far its 1000% awesome.
R3UGU0LG03XQY7	1.0	Samsung update broke keyboard support, they don't seem to care.	5	6	The Lollipop update took ages to arrive, considering this was a high-end incredibly expensive piece of hardware--look at the pricing on it even in July 2015, and I've had it for quite awhile now. The whole reason I bought it was to use with a keyboard, and now they've shipped the Lollipop update with a really easily-determined fault in the Bluetooth support that causes my not-inexpensive Bluetooth keyboard to be completely unresponsive, and it's not just me. At this price, you can bet that if it's not fixed in the next couple days, I am never purchasing another Samsung product. A product at this price point should not be getting a major OS update 8+ months late and broken. I'm guessing we'll never see Android 5.1. Don't expect this to function anything like a laptop replacement--the manufacturer intends for it to be an overpriced toy. Editing to add that at this point it appears to be virtually impossible to remove the update in question, and there was no warning that it was going to change the hardware support. Even a factory reset leaves me stuck with a tablet that won't support my expensive keyboard.
R3D038HE0K1AHC	4.0	Great tablet for the artist and dreamer	5	6	I bought this tablet because I carried a sketch pad from young adult hood until I started working with computers. So about 20 years. For the next two decades I lamented the clumsiness of using a mouse and paint software. It just doesn't work well. When the first digitizers came out I bought one, but drawing on a pad on a table and looking at a screen feet away. Well. It wasn't the same and it wasn't portable. Finally I have a solution. The Note Pro goes everywhere with me. I sketch. Jot down ideas. I'm even 30 hours into a much larger art piece. The draw tools are more than adequate for my needs. The marker pen is so much fun. And transparent! Switch colors/pens/brushes with ease. The only cons are the lack of "help." And the general paucity of good apps. I'm new to tablets and getting the stuff done that I need to do still involves using my laptop. But thank you Samsung. This is an amazing bit of gear and I look forward to many years of use. And unlike my paper sketch pads, I won't run out of pages.
R222WGJ8G2VNZD	1.0	Very poor quality for a product that costs more than 600$	6	7	Display started flickering after 4 weeks. Factory reset and other tech fixes did not solve the problem. Had to send it in. Very poor quality for a product that costs more than 600$.
R3U90I5M6TR1B6	5.0	Very happy I bought it	3	3	I have had 3 tablets previously, including an air currently. I have had this device for about a month now, and I love the Galaxy Note 12.2. For business purposes, it has enough screen real estate to actually get real work done. This, combined with the precision available with the stylus make this the most used tablet I have ever had. On top of that it's big enough to enjoy magazines and the NY Times and the SF Chronicle, something I've never cared for previously on smaller screens.
RJEF624O3G71W	4.0	I recommend buying the SAMSUNG keyboard + cover	7	9	Outstanding. First, I recommend buying the SAMSUNG keyboard + cover; it's better than the Zagg or Logitech. Works flawlessly and really does compliment the tablet as well as keeping the form footprint less bulky. So, I purchased my first Note Pro 12.2 from AT&T; however I realized I didn't need one with an LTE radio and the cost was super high, so I returned it. I find myself missing it so saw a used one on Amazon for about $450 and picked up the Samsung keyboard case from BH Photo for only $81. The tablet is huge. But that's ok, because it feels like a very slip laptop as well as premium. The screen is brilliant; excellent for watching Hulu, Netfix etc. Also, Hancom is a great addition due to the true multitasking, I was able to pull up a web interface of my company's as well as Hancomm Excel version and do real work. Awesome! There does seem to be a bug with Chromecast where if you're streaming to your TV from certain apps and you use the Notification bar, it freezes the tablet. You can find more about that by searching on Google forums. It's not just Samsung devices, however. The battery lasts almost 2 days and that's with heavy usage; it takes about 1.5-2 hours to charge fully but it's a huge battery so that's ok. Using it a true pleasure and I've given up using my Windows laptop as much because of this tablet. When full Microsoft Office comes to Android by the end of the year, it might see me shoving my laptop into the closet.
R1NQ4BX08PQPO7	4.0	Wow.. Giant Tablet, Laptop replacement.	63	89	A 12.2" tablet! Really. The first expression will be of gasp. Wide open mouth. But this is reality. Let us compare the PRO lines from Samsung. I will first compare the TabPROs briefly, and then give a crisp overview of the popular Tablets in market now. Then I will do in depth into the current tablet itself. This will give a good perspective and enhance your buying decision. I am sure you are looking at multiple tablets to determine which suits you. If you have any questions, do ask in the forum and I will respond within a day. The three Galaxy TabPROs and the single Galaxy NotePRO differ only in size, and little bit in specs; they are functionally identical in all respects. The single most fascinating part of the TabPRO and NotePRO lines is the resolution. Astounding 2560 x 1600 on all lines which means on 8.4" has the maximum ppi and excellent look. In comparison last year's Tabs have much lower resolution. I personally think this 12.2" is heavy for personal purposes. Weight+Cost was the primary reason for my rating at 4 stars. For this price you can get a full blown laptop. I got it for work purpose, using with bluetooth keyboard and for personal purpose I will suggest the super gorgeous 10" or 8.4" tablet. COMPARISONS GALORE: key_specs: { model: resolution, ppi, CPU, RAM, Flash memory, SD_card, camera spec, weight, OS_type, size, charging/sync port type, GPS:y/n } Samsung Galaxy TabPRO 8.4-Inch {B,W}, WQXGA 2560 x 1600, 359 ppi, 2.3 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16/[32] GB Flash, microSD upto 64 GB, 8MP Rear + 2MP Front, 331 gm, Android 4.4 Kit Kat OS, 8.62 x 5.06 x 0.28 in, microUSB, GPS yes. 4800 mAh battery (the very best resolution on a tablet!) Samsung Galaxy TabPRO 10.1 {B, W}, WQXGA 2560x1600, 298 ppi, Exynos® 5 Octa (1.9GHz Quadcore + 1.3 GHz Quadcore), 2 GB RAM, 16/[32] GB Flash, microSD upto 64 GB, 8MP Rear + 2MP Front, 469 gm, Android 4.4 KitKat, 9.57 x 6.75 x 0.29 in, microUSB, GPS: y, 8,200mAh battery Wow, a 12.2" tablet now! This is just like a laptop with no physical keyboard built in. Samsung Galaxy TabPRO 12.2 {B, W}, not in USA Now, WQXGA 2560x1600, 247 ppi, Exynos® 5 Octa (1.9GHz Quadcore + 1.3 GHz Quadcore), 3 GB RAM, 32GB/64GB Flash, microSD upto 64 GB, 8MP Rear + 2MP Front, 732 gm, Android 4.4 KitKat, 11.64 x 8.03 x 0.31 in, microUSB, GPS: y, 9500mAh battery Samsung Galaxy NotePRO 12.2 {B, W}, WQXGA 2560x1600, 247 ppi, Exynos® 5 Octa (1.9GHz Quadcore + 1.3 GHz Quadcore), 3 GB RAM, 32/64 GB Flash, microSD card slot up to 64GB, 8MP Rear + 2MP Front, 748 gm, Android 4.4 KitKat, 11.64 x 8.03 x 0.33 in, microUSB 3.0 port with backwards compatibility with microUSB 2.0, GPS - yes, 9500mAh battery, S-Pen, NFC, Ethernet connectivity via adapter. A broad range of popular tablets as of 2014 Feb are Kindle Fire HDX 8.9", Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1"2014 edition, iPAD Air 9.7", Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1", Google Nexus 10" and Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8". If you are planning to buy TabPRO, do look at the comparison of 3 top features you need and pick one that suits you. This will enhance your buying decision. Kindle Fire HDX 8.9" model: 2560 x 1600, 339 ppi, Snapdragon 800 2.2 GHz quad-core, 2 GB RAM, 16/32/64 Flash Memory, No microSD card, 8MP rear-facing camera, front-facing 720p HD camera, 374 grams, FireOS 3.0, 9.1 x 6.2 x 0.31 inches, microUSB, GPS:no [cellular versions have GPS] Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1" 2014 Edition: 2560x1600, 299 ppi, 1.9GHz Samsung Exynos 5420 Quad-Core Processor, 3GB RAM, 16/32 GB Flash Memory, microSD slot:yes(upto 64 GB), 8MP rear camera and 2 MP front-facing camera, 560 grams, Android 4.3 Jelly Bean OS, 9.57 x 6.75 x 0.31 inches, microUSB, GPS:yes. S-Pen, iPAD Air 9.7" (2013): 2048 x 1536 resolution, 264 ppi, A7/M7/64 bit processor, Flash Memory: 16/32/64/128 GB, SD Card:no, 5 MP back, 1.2 MP front, 469 grams, iOS 7, 9.4 x 6.6 x 0.29 in, lightning port, GPS:no [cellular versions have GPS] Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1" model: 1280 x 800, 149 ppi, Intel Atom 1.6GHz Z2560 dual-core processor, 1GB RAM, Flash Memory: 16/32GB, microSD slot: yes upto 64 GB, 3.2MP rear-facing, 1.3MP front-facing, 510 grams, Android 4.2.2, 9.57 x 6.93 x 0.31 in, micoUSB port:yes, GPS:yes Google Nexus 10" model: 2560 x 1600, 300 ppi, CPU: Dual-core A15, 2GB RAM, 16/32 GB, SD:no, rear:5 MP, front:1.9 MP, 603g, 10.4" x 7" x 0.35", mcroUSB, GPS:yes Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8" model: 1280 x 800, 189 ppi, Exynos 1.5GHz dual-core processor, 1.5GB RAM, Flash memory: 16/32GB, microSD slot: yes upto 64 GB, 5MP rear-facing, 1.3MP front-facing, 309 grams, Android 4.2, 8.26 x 4.87 x 0.29 in, microUSB port:yes, GPS: yes You should come up with three top three specs you want and should be able to nail it down with the above spec. If you have doubts shoot me a comment, I can help, I have used several tablets over years! RESOLUTION: Good to see tablets coming straight out with Android v4.4 (KitKat). The resolution of WQXGA 2560 x 1600, and has a pixel density of 247 ppi. The videos were very crisp and text so sharp. The new Magazine UX interface makes the screen really pop. I was able to read text very easily. Aldiko and many libraries have teamed up and magazines can be checked out through the app, and they are super sharp. Resolution will blow you away. This new Multi-Window UI that now supports up to four apps running simultaneously, each in its dedicated window. 12.2" is great for pdf, books and magazines. PROCESSING POWER: Exynos® 5 Octa (1.9GHz Quadcore + 1.3 GHz Quadcore), 3 GB RAM. Very powerful indeed! I have played games/watched youtube videos and have seen no lag or any latencies. Though the chip is octa core, do bear in mind only 4 cores are active at a time. This is done for minimizing heat. PRO MEANS? Tablet is certainly is a productivity tool. Notepro is truly professional in nature. This tablet is touted as Enterprise-Ready and has Corporate E-mail/Calendar/Contact; Microsoft® Office-compatible; Mobile Device Management; On-Device Encryption (ODE); Preloaded WebEX; Remote PC and E-Meeting Apps; Virtual Private Network. It also has Hancom office suite which is an office suite developer in Korea. Hancom Office consists of Hanword, Hancell (Spreadsheet), and Hanshow (Presentation program). Since there is Google office, I don't know if this will be any market in the US and other countries. All these apps are available in your other device. Yes, you have it in your laptop! STORAGE: Notepro comes in 32/64 GB configurations. Having the expandable memory to 64 GB is the greatest invention since sliced bread. Well, putting bunch of video/audio/books on the SD card which is so cheap these days, the tablet suddenly has more memory with no lag observed. With prices plummeting for 64 GB cards, it is a great boon. Put all your music, books, photos on the SD card and you have a powerful computer in hand always! I personally use the 64 GB microSD card on my mobile devices. Get this mobileUltra (SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging. CAMERA: Having a camera is a plus on smaller tablets, though I hate the feature on 10 or 12" tablets. I personally don't use back cameras as much on 10"+. If you use publicly, it is like having a big magazine in front of you. Imagine the guy in the sports stand using in front of you! The resolution is 8MP Rear + 2MP Front. Video is 1080p 60 fps. Nowadays there is nothing much to say of cameras, they just work for the required purpose. Front camera is good for skype and business meetings. ERGONOMICS: I personally like 8" for home uses, but at 12"+ this is truly a laptop replacement. I really wonder if this will have a market, but it is an experiment from Samsung. At 748 gm, the weight is definitely not single hand holdable. This is 1.65 pounds. Still less weight than laptops. For example, 11" MacBook Air weighs 2.38 pounds. Size of this tablet is 11.64 x 8.03 x 0.33 in. The battery is 9500mAh and should come for easily couple of days for me at nominal usage. The best part I liked is the beautiful resolution and is the best resolution on a tablet! HD videos are crisp. Being a geek, I love this form factor. SOUND: Excellent sound system with stereo speakers and microphone. I was able to ask questions to Google Now and get precise answers. MISC: This is the only tablet I could see in Samsung's lineup with microUSB 3.0 port with backwards compatibility with microUSB 2.0. I tested OTG capability and it is great to have a external USB support. USB Host is one of the most undernoticed features of Androids and is in my opinion one of the best features compared to iPad lines. What this means you get a USB Host cable also otherwise called OTG (On the Go) cables and plug in your USB thumb drive or other USB devices and the device recognizes it. I have used it with Alfa AWUS036H for a wireless project with Android PCAP Capture from reputable Kismet wireless. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band is really state of the art. 802.11ac is blazing fast! Having a GPS is great for immediate needs and I could get immediate lock on this tablet. Also has infrared which can be used for WatchON as a TV remote control. Worked straightaway on Samsung TV. This is also great for sharing your tablet with family members, multi user mode lets different users log in separately, so you each see only your own apps, backgrounds, and email. Obviously the S-Pen is the one that differentiates this Notepro from others. S Note docs, S Planner makes it so easy to organize with S-Pen. Also this has NFC as well as Ethernet connectivity via adapter. I really doubt if people will use ethernet connectivity when wifi is used everywhere. I really wonder what is the use case. APP POWER: I tried following apps and they just worked awesome. A tablet is only as good as the apps you have and how productive it makes you. It's almost like the camera/lens analogy in the DSLR space. What good it is to have a great DSLR body if you have no good lens? Same with Tablet body and apps you have. WolframAlpha (I can go on for hours praising this. This is a truly genius app powered by hundreds of supercomputers in the background. Wolfram is a computational genius). Well worth the $3 price. Withings HealthMate. (another remarkable app great UI/UX). I use Pulse and the integration with it as well as Weight machine is very good. 23andMe app (I love their reports) Aldiko Book Reader Premium (absolutely love it, many libraries have magazines for checkout) Amazon Mobile Android Status Android Central app (great and must have for Android users) Androidify (kids love it) Angry Birds (Space/Seasons) Asphalt Car game Battery Monitor Widget Pro (a great app) BeyondPod (use it daily!) Box Chrome CNET TV Dictionary M-W Premium NAVIGON (from Garmin - offline maps) TOM TOM app (has some advantages over NAVIGON) Google Navigation/Earth/Maps using a portable MiFi box Google Currents (nice way to read News) Google Keep/Keyboard/Drive/Search/Books/Voice/Hangouts Ebay Flipboard Linkedin Google Music (Awesome, I have now upto 10,000 songs halfway through Google's 20K Limit) Tapatalk HD (awesome forum browsing app) OverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good) Subsonic Music Streamer Terminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it) TweetCaster Pro for Android Twit.Tv Skype RealCalc Plus (Awesome calculator app) Wolfram Alpha Zillow Plenty of Widgets Ask questions, the reviews cannot do full justice. I will be glad to answer any questions and usually answer within 24 hours to any query.
RQJVEH6QC8LVX	3.0	Wait awhile!	5	6	What a nightmare that I had when this product arrived. It would not power on or recharge the battery. I had to send it in to Samsung repair service for a new motherboard. Brand new product and the Motherboard had to be replaced. They took almost 4 weeks from the time they received it to the time they returned it. I am not happy with Samsung. Their product service was really bad. They were rude, not caring and would not even update their own tickets so you as a customer had to call in every day and get a status of the device. When the ticket said that the repair was complete, what they did not update that it takes a few more days in quality control. Now that I finally have it, it was easy to work with, faster than my previous tablet but a bit heavier.
R5PJ2WM0WDEDO	5.0	Every sales person should own one.	3	3	I work in sales, so organizing and retrieving information is critical to my job. The galaxy note pro combined with my galaxy note 4 have made my life nearly paperless. The fact that I am able to take notes while talking to someone, save that information, and search for it again later (with the wonderful Evernote) has changed my work life. I LOVE THIS TABLET!!!!!
R2FTIWXBHORN36	5.0	Excellent	3	3	This is my second tablet I have owned after the Kindle fire hd. The screen is beautiful, tablet feels light for the size, is super fast, and very customizable. I get around 10 hours of screen time at medium brightness. It is great for comics, magazines, flipboard, Web browsing, and I like drawing with the sketchbook app and included s pen. I am looking for a good full size stylus if anyone has any recommendations. Overall I am very pleased with this device and am glad I went with this instead of a 10 inch model.
RWNA0YPGP4AR0	5.0	Amazing world	3	3	This is stunning and even better than my highest expectations. I also use a 10" Asus and this isn't much heavier or harder to hold. Video: Stunning for watching movies in bed or in a car. The best bedroom tv is a tablet. Business: Perfect size for a laptop replacement. This is all I'm bringing for business on trips. Entertainment: mainly for my kids but this is a dream for them. Quality is ridiculous. Samsung has the best Android interface. Build is very nice and well-done. Buttons nicely placed. Great hi-quality speakers. Not sure if the pen is worth it vs the regular galaxy. I wanted it for sketching but the pressure sensitivity seems hard to control - maybe just a matter of getting used ot it. I plan on using this a lot for a couple of years so the extra $ was a worthwhile gamble. Bought a Sony 64GB sd card. Works great. My only complaint is that Android treats the internal flash mem as special and many apps won't make use of the extra card (Google Music is a big culprit).
R2DKL9TPX2BOLR	5.0	A must have	3	3	this is definitely a must have, I thought the price was going to be too expensive but it is actually worth it, tablet works flawlessly, the S pen is great, it has a lot of great futures, I definitely recommend it
R1K34ERF3YPN51	5.0	Almost perfect	3	3	If you want to read technical books or go paperless, there is nothing better on the market right now. I remember two years ago, the first time I bought a 10'' tablet, I was disappointed at how small it was. I always wanted something a bit bigger so I can read my technical books without zooming in and replace my old laptop with. This tablet fit the bill. I don't understand people saying this is too bulky. I carry my 10'' tablet in a bag most of the times so it doesn't bother me at all to instead carry a 12''. Plus, I used to bring a 7 pounds laptop with me so it's definetly not an issue to me. In fact, this is much lighter than a laptop but yet at the same time it's more flexible. Want to read a book? No problem, this is a tablet after all and you can read in the confort of your couch. Want to type a text on the go? You can pair a bluetooth keyboard and a mouse and use your tablet as a laptop. Want to write something? Use the Spen. I really like to be able to choose my input method based on what I want to do. On the downside, there are three things that I would change. First the physical button. I mean when you are holding the tablet in portrait mode, it's really annoying to have a button on the side of your tablet. It's so easy to press it by mistake. I don't know why Samsung is not putting virtual buttons on its tablets instead. This is a no brainer to me. It's not a deal breaker though. You get used to it but this is something that should be corrected. I also don't like the fact that not a lot of applications support the multi windows mode. I know for a fact that if you root the tablet, you can enable all the applications to be windowed so it's not a technical problem. I don't understand why Samsung made this choice. It's really annoying to not be able to use all applications side by side. Third, I wish this tablet was wider. This is a 16:10 device so the device is very narrow compared to its height. I wish it was one inch larger. This way it would be closer to a legal letter dimensions. Better, why not having the possibility to remove the bezels when you put your tablet on a table. This would add much more space to write without adding weight or increasing the size of the tablet.
R1P46GLVPF2835	5.0	Wow! Just wow!	5	6	I had the chance to use this tablet recently and let me just say from first impressions it is amazing! Screen was fluid with no lag or freezes, I tried out 4 apps at one time and still no freezes! I absolutely love the Flibboard integration into touchwiz, It's simply brilliant! Screen was absolutely gorgeous, Best I've ever seen, no other Tablet compares! Games play smoothly without any frame drops as well. Movies are gorgeous! It will melt your eyes, and you will fall in love as I have! All I can say is wow! this is what I've been waiting for in a tablet!
R1VPH9WXUN8F6H	3.0	The only Note Pro review you actually need	9	12	This is the only "iPad killer" on the market right now. The Fire tablets are well-done, but they're really limited: they deliver content from one company, and can't handle a whole lot else. The Google tablets are in a different bracket -- smaller, less horsepower. Microsoft's Surface tablets are more like 2-piece touchscreen laptops than tablets, in terms of both price and design. So, is this better than an iPad Air 2 or not? Which one should you get? I'm keeping my Note Pro; I have a slew of other Apple products, and wouldn't get as much value from adding one more to the pile. But this tablet is still a (very) far cry from Apple's polished, dependable tablets. The physical interface has numerous design flaws. First of all, there's a "back" button and a "app switcher" button. Neither is necessary, and both cause problems all the time. They flank the "home" button, and you'll frequently press one of these functions by accident while using the tablet, since it's convenient to keep your finger near the "home" button. (Why? Because the button is positioned along the longer side of this rectangular tablet.) Other crucial functions -- e.g. the stylus, the sleep button, the headphone input, the charger port, and the volume controls -- are sort of strewn at random around the device's edges, like rose petals at a wedding. Eventually, you'll remember where everything went, but not because there's any logic to it (like a reasonable estimation of how a customer would usually hold the tablet). The stylus is the size of a wide nail. Can you write with it? Sure you can, but unless you usually write things with a short, thick metal nail, it's going to be permanently awkward. Samsung's native notes app is worthless compared to free alternatives like Evernote. Samsung's suite of apps are still around, and they're awful. You will accidentally load them, and then regret it, over and over -- until you've finally downloaded enough alternatives from the Play Store and gotten your defaults set up they way you want. (Of course, if you've done something like established a music library on Samsung's own Music store, then these apps are crucial. So I guess what I'm saying here doesn't apply to...um...whoever the one person is who did that.) One example: the Video app, which can't play many types of video. VLC, on the other hand, is a free download that works great. Basic interface tools, such as folders and shortcuts, are all there...but they're subpar. They're annoying. You will drop your little Spotify shortcut icon AT LEAST two times before it finally lands where you wanted it. More generally, the Android OS continues to buck and bridle like a wild palomino fresh off the range. When I powered up my tablet, Amazon's Kindle app crashed four consecutive times. What was I trying to do? I was trying to load my Kindle library. You know. The one with the e-books. I've seen the same thing happen to a few other apps already, and I got this tablet last week. It's not a lemon, either. The installed version of Android just isn't that smooth. ...IN ALL FAIRNESS... So, really, why would I keep this thing for even one more minute? Well, the 12-inch screen is terrific. Books look amazing; usually, the Kindle version shows up much larger than the actual printed book. Netflix and other streaming apps show up in HD quality, and the size difference (compared to the iPad and etc.) is palpable. Movies look more like movies; images look all fancy and hi-res. Less important, but still fun, are games and the like. You haven't played Trivia Crack until you've played it on a screen much larger than your head. All this is nice, and since Android basically *does* get the job done, eventually you can (mostly) stop worrying about the tablet and (probably) just enjoy the content. The MicroSD slots are a great feature; shame on Apple for omitting them. Similarly, the ability to really, truly download files is nice. Downloading to a Note Pro works just like on your computer, and you don't have to mess around with iTunes sync, or other hostage-rescue-style processes, just to reach some random movie file you pulled off the cloud at Starbucks. Lastly, there are various applications that are Android-only, and so it's worth something to have access to their marketplace. But don't be fooled by the standard hype about the Play Store being "unregulated" or "uncurated." While that's true in theory, in practice you probably won't use many "renegade" apps that are just too DANGEROUS to pass muster on iOS. You are not Neo from The Matrix. You're going to watch movies on Netflix and Hulu, etc. You're going to store files on Google Drive, Dropbox, OneDrive, etc. So the meaningful difference between the app stores is a random assortment of differences between companies X Y and Z: what their priorities are, and what their programmers can do. From where you sit, as an end-user, whether an app will be "iOS only" or "Android only" is a matter of chance. UPDATED: BATTERY LIFE AND CHARGER CABLES You know what a Samsung tablet doesn't need? A PROPRIETARY CHARGER CABLE. Dear Samsung, it's 1999 calling, they want their path-dependency strategy back. Every non-Apple mobile device uses the same inputs and cables...except the Note Pro. Why? You can charge the tablet with a regular USB cable, if you have several days that you can devote to doing this, but otherwise you're stuck with their one cable and its stupid, needlessly idiosyncratic design. And -- after all that -- the tablet *still* charges slowly, because the included AC adapter is *still* only 5.3 volts. It's a phone charger trying to power a tablet. Classy move there, Samsung. Battery life is essentially on-par with Galaxy S benchmarks. That means you get anywhere from 5-10 hours, depending on what you're doing and whether you're using WiFi or 4G. In order to get 15 hours out of a Note Pro tablet, you need to turn off Bluetooth, WiFi, all apps, and the tablet, and use it as a coaster.
R2H2TLYJOUVBKR	4.0	While i absolutly love it and would never switch	2	2	I've been using this tablet for about a year now.. While i absolutly love it and would never switch, there are drawbacks, i'll point out the positives first as this tablet has many more of them, than negetives. Pros • beautiful large screen • blazing fast processor • plenty of ram (even after a year's use) • Plenty of storage (even without an sd card) • build quality and elegant design • tough glass screen (have been using this on and off a construction site For a year with no protection, and no visible scratches on scratches Cons • screen flickers - unfortunately i was unlucky enough to get one that has a screen flicker problem, after doing some research online, it seems this is due to either a faulty battery or "poor soldering" on the battery's conection as it only flickers when battery discharges, however this doesn't occure when device is on the charger, which mine is 90% of the time, so i can live with it... However know that samsung has failed to address this widespread problem, and most people online say They have contacted samsung about the issue and have NOT received any help from samsung. • Weight, this is a very large device, that is heavier than the standard tablet, and with a heavy duty case, can become very heavy. • Camera, it's not great even the rear facing doesn't take fantastic pictures, And beings the device is so large and heavy, it can be very awkward to hold up to take the pic, But if you have a tablet, you probably have a phone to take pics with.... So use that. All in all i would give this a solid 9/10 for overall experience, it does have cons, but the experience overall is fantastic, i wouldn't use anything else for streaming,web,design apps and games... You can find my laptop in the trash can, no need for it with this beast!
R1B930X9VTTRR8	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 (32GB, Black) Owner Review	2	2	I bought the Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 (32GB, Black) for my lovely fiancée as a late birthday gift. After she ripped off the Amazon gift wrap she opened the box and was absolutely shocked at how large the Tablet is. It was securely packaged with all the appropriate and needed documentation and cables. After removing all packaging and labels I plugged the Tablet in to charge. I noticed it had about a 15% charge on it which is more than enough to make sure it was working. It's certainly a very solid Tablet and the massive screen size makes it stand out compared to others. The power and volume buttons blend in pretty well to the side so it was slightly difficult for me to see what I was pushing but that's not an issue once you remember the placement. The Tablet is very fast to boot up and loads up apps quickly. The stylus is slightly larger than our Note 4 Stylus and fits snugly into its compartment. The virtual keyboard is very responsive and its placement is very comfortable. The only con I don't like about the Tablet is the charge time but that's because I'm used to the super fast charging ability of my phone. The battery is very good and lasts a long time, especially if you use the power saving features. This thing handles games well as I had my step son learn Chess from his Grandpa using a 3d Chess game from the play store. Setup is very easy and I would most certainly recommend this Tablet to anyone looking for one. Pros: Large screen Fast computing processing speeds / large amount of Ram Beautiful looking screen with large resolution Easy setup with secure packaging Highly customizable with smooth operation. Cons: Longer charge time than I'm used too but it's not horrible so don't let that turn you off to this Tablet, just my opinion.
R1C3R7RTDBWDE8	5.0	Wonderful tablet!	2	2	This tablet is awesome. I bought it for school primarily, but I now use it for just about everything. It almost replaces my laptop! I use it to take notes, read books or papers, grade papers, watch videos, listen to music... really for everything. It's large but once you get used to it, it seems totally normal and then typical 10" tablets look tiny. The S-pen is amazing! I take notes all the time using the S-pen with handwriting detection, and my handwriting isn't perfect. Occasionally it guesses wrong and I have to rewrite it, but overall it works enough to be more efficient than using a Bluetooth keyboard. I also like to draw and the S-pen is fabulous for that with the write drawing app (e.g., Sketchbook Pro). It is incredibly precise, moreso than any stylus I've tried--and I have tried many. I don't really need a new phone but my next phone will probably be a Samsung Galaxy Note (whatever is new by the time I need one) because my experience with the S-pen on this tablet has been so positive. Multitasking is useful but it would be nice if it worked with more apps. Occasionally when I'm multitasking the handwriting detection will start acting up, rebooting the tablet fixes it though. The only downside to the 12.2 inch tablet is the lack of accessories. The only nice folio case I could find for it had a very tiny keyboard, which was unfortunately a deal breaker for me. The case with the best keyboard isn't a real folio case and doesn't offer much cushion or protection for the tablet. A note to other owners: several months after buying this tablet I did have some issues. The tablet started crashing a lot and was agonizingly slow. I contacted Samsung about it and they said I could send it in for warranty repair, which I really didn't want to do. I ended up removing the microSD card I was using with the tablet and viola, problems fixed. It stopped crashing and ran like new again! Not sure exactly why this happened but if anyone is experiencing these symptoms and sees this review, maybe it'll help you.
R3AO5OHF50WKXZ	4.0	Not perfect but certainly not bad. Good tablet. Screen can be hit or miss	2	2	Overall I use this tablet everyday...well, night. It replaced my 4th gen iPad. Which was a nice tablet. It feels plenty fast and I love that I can expand the storage. The device does creak a little but, which is disappointing but you'll survive. It is heavy but so is the iPad. If you can manage one you will be able to manage the other. Screen The screen is okay. I had to do an exchange because the first one had some issues. I noticed it in KIk of all apps. The emoticons just seemed washed out. Also, some icons like Chrome and Juice (ssh app) looked really odd on this display. I compared the first one I got to it's replacement in a dark room (bathroom) and found that both had pretty bad light bleeding. I decided not to go with another exchange and live with it. The backlight bleeding isn't what I prefer but it's not the end of the world. OS This is, of course, a samsung device so you will get as many features as samsung can include. I don't use the magazine feature at all. I found that it was too limited and seemed more like it was just meant to get you to want the device but doesn't have much function. I would have liked to be able to customize the magazine more. Build It honestly wasn't as big as I expected it to be. It is a little top heavy but manageable. Once you get used to holding it, it works really well. Also, the capacitive buttons on the screen look cool but you will press them accidentally. I have the book cover and type cover for this tablet. The book cover is my day to day case and it works well with the tablet Software extras Hulu, dropbox, NY times, google play credit, etc. I liked the extras a lot. I'm stil a bit skeptical about Dropbox, if only because I'll have to pay next year to keep those 50gbs and I would rather not have that dilemma.
R1HH9IC0XXAJEN	5.0	A great tablet and I love the size.	2	2	Although I am a very technical person and have a number of tablets and computers, I am not going to review this tablet from a technical point of view. If you want the tech specs, you can get them from the Samsung web site, or read some of the other reviews. This review will be strictly from the user standpoint. Really, when you are considering a tablet or any other technology, you want to know what it will do for you and how it would be good for you. I have had this tablet for a couple of months, and have explored many of its capabilities. I did get the 64 GB model, but I think the 32 GB model would be more than sufficient for most users since you can use a micro SD card to expand your storage. You also have the option of moving installed apps on your micro SD card. From a user point of view, the graphics and colors on this tablet are superb. The response time for pen and touch are very responsive. Using the pen for note and to convert written notes to text is absolutely excellent and conversion is very accurate. I particularly like the option of showing more than one app at a time. Sometimes this isn't always optimal because you can't see much of each screen at a time, but it's a great option. For playing music, the speakers are good, but not the greatest. External speakers help a lot here. The larger screen is great for people that have a hard time with seeing smaller screens (like me), and provide more real estate for viewing more than one app at a time. If you watch TV and movies on a tablet, you will have a great experience with this tablet because of the superb graphics. Most of the apps that I have work very well except for Scout that is not compatible. The only negative experience that I have had with this tablet was when I set up a number of app folders and the suddenly disappeared. I had to set up all of the folders again, but the problem never happened again. All in all, I would very much recommend this tablet as an android alternative. I don't like some of the Samsung apps that you can't get rid of, but every tablet has such apps.
R64RIAJNLXOOX	5.0	Big isn't always better, but 12.2 inches feels just right for the Note Pro..	2	2	After my Ipad kept crashing on me, I decided it was time for something new. After doing research on pads that were available, I settled on the Galaxy Note Pro. I have had it for one week now and I absolutely love it!! Every professional review that i read, they always complained about it's size, that 12.2 inches is too big. I was a little worried that it might just be too big and maybe i should have gone with the 10", but i'm so glad that i didn't. it's actually a great size. it easily sits on my lap or craddles in my arm when surfing. I have had three Galaxy phones, so i'm very familiar with the samsung layout. I haven't watched any movies on it yet, but i'm sure it's going to be great. music sounds good as good as a pad would. i haven't used the camera either, i don't use a pad to take pics, but if it's as good as the phone is, then they will be awesome. The s pen is new to me, so I'm still working that out and seeing if it will be useful. It was easy to set up and all my apps on my phone easily transferred over to the pad. The charging cable was new to me, i was expecting it to be a micro usb, but it's much bigger. it takes awhile to charge 100%, so do it at night. The only complaint i would say at this point is that the battery drains very quickly. I would expect for a screen of this size that Samsung would give it a big enough battery to last more than a day. My IPad went 3 - 4 days before needing charging. My other disappontment is that there aren't really any good covers or covers with keyboards out there. After spending a ton of money on this device it would be great to have a great looking, tight fitting and functional case but this doesn't reflect my review for the Note Pro, I love it!!
R1GOEOOG2QZZII	3.0	A good tablet with some problems	7	9	I do agree with many of the positive reviews about the tablet however I would like to concentrate on the cons: 1- The screen is too elongated in portrait mode which makes reading pdf files strange and not normal and reading pdf is the main reason I bought the tablet 2- The battery life is around 8-9 hours and Samsung claimed 13 hours 3- i have a strange problem Occasionally my screen/tablet will go into lock mode, the home button does not work (screen goes dim and I have to press the power button to wake it up and then enter my unlock info). When this happens and I unlock the tablet, the home button works as it normally does. I do love the tablet and hope Samsung can at least solve the last two points with a future software update and consider point 1 in their next note pro.
R389091OI8OJNX	5.0	A WORK OF ART	5	6	This tablet truly is a beautiful piece of technology that could be on display at MOMA. The screen is beautiful, the processor is lightning speed, the speakers are powerful and once you learn all the ins and outs of the s pen and android you'll wonder why you ever thought apple and the iPad were tops. IOS has nothing on android and the iPad is a play toy compared to samsung's line of note tablets, the note 8, the note 10.1 2014 edition and now the note pro 12.2.
R2H1WJAMCK3EK8	1.0	A large, beautiful screen, but the browser is painfully slow	7	9	A few months back, I finally got upgraded to Android 5.0.2. The tablet seemed to speed up, browsing was fast. That lasted for a month, then more application upgrades, and now the screen flickers when apps are launched. Browsing is very slow again. I have compared the stock, Chrome, and Dolphin browsers, and they are all painfully slow. I have an iPad mini, connected to the same network, and the Safari browser is like lightning, compared to this Note Pro. Overall, the tablet performs well with graphics, videos, games, but the everyday experience for browsing is a show stopper. This product is proof that Android is just not a good solution for tablets.
R34OWGVQ4703ZR	2.0	Battery won't charge	3	3	Samsung has a battery issue. This is my second Pro 12. The first one would not charge. This one does not always charge. The battery gets to hot and it stops charging. I cannot keep it in any kind of a cover or it will over heat.
R2FAZO6I4WIEAQ	5.0	Excellent tablet for travel	3	3	Purchased for digital artwork; no issues at all. Excellent tablet for travel, work, etc. the display is very crisp & clear, which makes it easy to zoom in and work on drawing details. No downside here; the 12.2 is a great purchase.
R1046FBWVPC88M	2.0	Expensive and worthless after Samsung updates	5	6	Very nice tablet, but becomes worthless after Samsung's software updates. Bluetooth, many programs not working. Based on history, Samsung won't come out with a fix for another 6-9 months. Do yourself a favor and get one of the new laptops. They are faster and more productive. Samsung rushes too many things to market without proper testing.
R1QVPR5JQ5DMS7	1.0	Over priced paper weight now that they locked out Logitech with the latest lollipop update	7	9	Was a great investment as a productivity tablet and worked like a dream with the Bluetooth Logitech keyboard case.... Right up until the latest lollipop update which rendered the keyboard useless. This had been identified as a Samsung issue. Interestingly the Samsung keyboard was unaffected. Way to push your peripherals Samsung. Next time build a quality keyboard instead of locking out your competition. This will be the last Samsung device I ever purchase. My $700 productivity tablet is now a useless paper weight unless I pony up the cash to purchase the over priced Samsung keyboard.
R196KG44LRM6Z5	5.0	TOTALLY AWESOME	5	6	I have 'em all and there is no question that this is the best tablet anyone has made so far. As long as the size appeals to you and you don't mind Android you will most probably agree.
R17ASLNCFUISV3	5.0	Pure Awesome	5	6	First tablet, and LOVE IT. External SD, full size keyboard, high resolution, kitkat, light for the size, and great for school/business. Using this at my tech school after boot camp!
R1USZT60TPGKN	5.0	Awesome tablet. A little large could have gone with ...	3	3	Awesome tablet. A little large could have gone with the 10.1 but I am very happy with my purchase it works for what I need. Sleek design and a speedy shipment I am impressed that samsung keeps improving so well.
RJL1V4PLTHDDO	5.0	Awesome Tablet..	14	19	Even though I'm probably using this for more personal than professional use, it's worth it's price tag. It's fast, has a ton of options, the S-Pen is pretty awesome even though I'm still getting the hang of it. Since the Tablet is huge, the keyboard is perfect for me. I've always had a problem with tablet keyboards prior, just because keys were always just a little too small, so I'd have the occasional typo.. The only downside is using it while laying in bed, I have to actually rest it on my chest because of it's size, and then hold it up to hit the backup button.. But honestly that's more of a user defect than a product defect.. =) All in all I'm great with this purchase.. Hope this helps..
R3EV7SSUYISIGW	5.0	Draw like somebody's watching!	2	2	This is a great tablet, fast, battery lasts surprisingly long... I got it mostly because of the pen feature because I like to draw. I read some reviews online that gave it surprisingly low stars, they mostly complain that in multi-window mode running few demanding apps shows performance limits. That might be true but this tablet is still one of the fastest on the market and you don't have to use multi-window feature which other tablets don't even have :) It's like they are penalizing it for being better but not perfect... However! I ordered it at amazon.com (ships and sold by Amazon.com). First I got a USED item. Then they mixed up the replacement order so I got replacement later then originally promised. And the replacement was a DIFFERENT tablet (10 inch Galaxy Tab). Then they said they cannot replace it anymore since two is the limit. As an added bonus they sent me an email right after the first return saying that I had too many recent returns (I only had this one). Support people were polite but completely unhelpful. I bought the item elsewhere...
RAQI3TO8L7S2T	5.0	TOTALLY AWESOME,	4	5	I absolutely love this tablet!! I was in the market for buying the note 10.1 2014 edition but when I found out about the note pro 12.2, I knew that the additional screen size would come in more handy for note taking for school, internet browsing, media consumption, etc. The added multitasking features such as having four apps opened at the same time come in very handy when doing research, jotting down notes, and writing a word document all at the same time! A lot of people are saying that it is too big, but I have not had an issue with that at all and you come to get used to it quite fast. The Hancom office suite that comes with the tablet is the closest to microsoft office that I have ever seen on any mobile platform and simply better than any app out there that I have seen so far, for those interested on having a similar experience as the microsoft office apps. The Spen features come in very handy for note taking, drawing, cutting and pasting pictures or objects onto some other documebts or apps. Knowing that it uses wacom software technology, this allows the spen to have pressure sensitivity on the tablet which straight out beats and puts to shame any ordinary stylus out there. Ever since getting this tablet mainly for use at college, I have never once pulled out a paper and pencil since I now do it all on the note pro, thus possibly saving me money on buying paper and pencils/pens while also giving me a better experience than I can get out of paper and pencil. The note pro 12.2 is simply a beast of a device as I have not had any issues at all with the software because it has 3gb of ram so it allows multiple apps to run at once without slowing down the device nor causing any hiccups or freezing. No other device can stand up to this note pro 12.2, the kindles and ipads have nothing on this device. Im not here to rip on any of those two devices, im simply just stating what is true because none of those two allow you to do as much as the note pro 12.2 allows you to do. I know this device is not cheap, but it is worth every dollar if you are looking for a very capable device for work/school with lots of power and multitasking features.
R1D6DBUDG6KNE1	4.0	Love this tablet, but not quite at it's full potential	4	5	I was originally in the market for a Microsoft Surface Pro 3, but since I didn't want to sell my arm and leg and unborn children into indentured servitude, I settled for the more economical option. I would say with the keyboard case, this tablet can do 99% of a regular windows laptop. You just have to download the right apps to truly make it do what you need it to do. Not just that, the tablet comes with a pressure sensitive stylus for writing and drawing. Note taking with a stylus is still not quite as smooth as I'd like it to be, but I don't use the stylus for note-taking, since a keyboard is more suited for that. Drawing is really easy to accomplish on this tablet - I'm not even that good of an artist, but with a couple of decent drawing apps, it's really easy to create something to inflate your artistic ego. I was pleasantly surprised to discover how easy it was to use hancom office. I'm a windows/office user at heart, and seeing how similar it was to office made the transition very painless. Since samsung offers a 50gb dropbox subscriptions for 1 year for free, it's also easy to save documents to the cloud The screen looks fantastic - watching videos is a joy. Since I have the 12.2 inch tablet, web browsing is great and I don't need to zoom in to see text. Nice touch to have the speakers on both sides of the tablet in landscape orientation. A couple of minor gripes: I feel that without the keyboard, my rating would have gone down to 3 stars. I hate soft/virtual keyboards, since I need the feeling of physical buttons to know whether or not I pressed the key. Virtual keyboards also take up half the screen, so having the keyboard case will save a LOT of screen real estate. A bit slow to charge: Maybe I'm spoiled by the charging speed of my galaxy s4 phone (charges VERY fast!) but my tablet does take a while to charge. Batteries drain fairly quick when I'm drawing, so I've got to monitor my drawing periods. Faux leather backing is a fingerprint magnet: It's a bit hard to clean this faux leather. If it were plastic, I'd just get a microfiber cloth or the sleeve of my shirt to wipe off the oil from my fingers. I still don't know how to clean the back off. My recommendation? Get this tablet, and get the samsung keyboard (very slim profile) which is pretty much guaranteed to work seamlessly and it matches the color (be careful to get the right color). They are not cheap, but you'll be getting the quality assurance that other 3rd party keyboards don't offer. If you're traveling a lot, get a keyboard case instead, which connects the tablet and the keyboard and adds a protective case around it. You'll enjoy your tablet twice as much if you've got the matching accessories.
R3PM3YAC2B9TWQ	1.0	Bad Products	11	15	I paid almost, with tax, about $700.00 for this Samsung Note Tablet (12.2) 32GB and under no circumstances can I watch any HD movies from anyone, VUDU, HULU, or anyone else that rents HD movies. It has something to do with the HDCP compliance and I'm convinced Amazon knew about this limitation when sold to me. That's not all; In July 2012 I bought a $1500.00 Samsung TV, UN46ES7100 LED, I cannot watch HD on that either as of 2014, due to that HDCP (#3339) compliance, so I have two rip-offs from Samsung, and forget assistance from Samsung they are of no help at all. One Samsung Tech just told me I would just have to buy new ones! As far as Amazon movie rental, forget it, however, they do not have the Samsung Note Tablet Pro listed therefore you cannot rent any movies anyway using this note tablet. I will NOT ever again buy ANY Samsung product! They Stink. As far a this Tablet, its to late to exchange! Amazon will not exchange for other brand. If you ever want to watch a HD movie do not purchase this Tablet, believe me. Investigate all before you buy and look up HDCP 2.2, it can save you a big headache. This
R1EB1NURNQIFC6	4.0	Great tablet!	2	2	I really like this tablet. It's fast and has a huge screen. Plus 3 GB of RAM. The high resolution screen looks good, contrary to some of the "professional" reviewer's findings. I can actually read magazines without zooming in. The S-Pen is a nice feature, though I wish it felt more like a real pen. I really only have a couple minor issues with the tablet. My first issue, which applies to all Samsung tablets and smartphones, is that there's no integrated inline spellchecker when using a Bluetooth keyboard. I use it in a work environment and that can be a problem sometimes. My second issue, is that the tablet seems to drain the battery a lot faster than I'd like. I have yet to get anywhere near the advertised 9 hour battery time on a charge. I think the best I've done is 5 hours. However, the shorter battery life isn't a deal breaker for me since I can connect it to a portable USB battery when I'm on the go.
R2B7C1LT0QW1M7	5.0	Was This Tablet Created by Mere Humans?	7	9	I needed a laptop replacement and started with the Asus TF701. The more I used the docked TF701, the more disappointed I was with both dock and tablet. It is fast, faster than my old Windows 7 laptop, but I was eventually dealing with crashes as well as the dock not responding and at one time it quit working altogether. Some tech savvy folk have returned their dock more than 5 times only to get another lemon. I was specifically looking at the TF701/dock as a laptop replacement for Windows, but most people who had replaced their Windows laptops with Android told me: "Go get a Galaxy Note." I didn't want to go down that road because Samsung seems to be dominating the Android hardware market. I felt we needed a more level playing field as there was during the old PC-era with Dell, HP, Compaq, and the other companies which built hardware for Windows. I tried an $850 Windows 8 substitute for my old Windows 7 laptop, but it was rife with so many issues that I finally decided to stick with Android and eventually caved in and bought the Galaxy Tab 12.2 with the Zagg keyboard/dock (yes, I looked at the iPad as well and realized this was not a point in my life for re-entering the Mac-world). Boy, was I surprised...What a machine! Samsung has nailed the first generation of windowing on Android (and we can all hope there will be many generations to follow), the SM-P900 brings up a very complex Excel spreadsheet in less than 5 seconds (one which took my old Windows laptop nearly a minute to open), and it is just overall a phenomenal experience to use this, well, what can I call it? I feel like something from the future which has fortuitously landed in my hands . You can write on the screen and then send the notes to email or wherever and so far the translation has been nearly always right. The capabilities just go on and on...it is a laptop replacement and much, much more. This product showcases why Samsung dominates Android hardware, though their software wrap on their tablet is a lot of bloat-ware stuff which just gets in the way; because of that and the fact that the new leader of Android at Google has disabled external SD-access in Kitkat 4.4.2, I had to root it, as it looks like all of us will with any device which has an SD card in the future which we want to use as a disc drive unless standard access to external SD memory is reinstated, but rooting was an easy 15 minute process in my case (though one which voided the tablet's warranty if not unrooted before making a claim). I installed the Nova launcher as well. Anyway, all said, when I look up from interacting with this Galaxy 12.2 Tab while writing this review by speaking/handwriting/and a bit of typing, I fully expected to see myself floating between solar systems in an advanced anti-gravity machine which is destined to take everyone who understands the power of the machine on an unprecedented adventure...it's the type of advance which makes one feel that way. And it's a good feeling. What a machine!
RTTMBBLVA0DFG	5.0	Beautiful machine, well suited as a paper pad replacement	2	2	Excellent device if you're in it's target market. I use it regularly for taking notes, writing longhand and drawing diagrams; the S Apps are very well put together and do an excellent job in tidying up drawings and turning writing into text. The multi-windows are a big bonus too, for having reference material displayed while working on something (or a video playing). It's also perfect for reading technical manuals and comic books on - other devices just can't display large chunks of code, diagrams or pictures big enough. I think this would be the best possible fit for a tablet for a student, engineer or artist. I've written a review from the perspective of an everyday geek and what I perceive the target market for this great tablet: http://www.mysolutions.it/review-samsung-galaxy-note-pro-12-2-sm-p9000zkvxar/ The battery lasts for yonks, too, which surprised me - the reviews all suggested it would die if it didn't get charged within a day. I usually go 2-3 days on a charge. Probably because I'm not watching video on it?
R3TWD3FMLT5STI	5.0	I have fallen in love with this tablet	4	5	I have fallen in love with this tablet. Coming from many iPhones and iPads this is my first time using an android device. If Apple had come out with a larger iPad I wouldn't have even considered purchasing an android but I'm quickly becoming a convert. There are 4 things that I love about this device that I was missing from my Apple iPad. 1. This most notable difference is the large and beautiful screen. Even with Apple's retina display of 2048x1536 resolution this 12.2 inch display has more with 2560x1600. Larger doesn't always mean more resolution but Samsung is keeping up in this case. 2. The stereo speakers are great and positioned at both sides giving a great stereo effect. 3. I haven't yet had to root the device to get non-standard applications installed. 4. Micro SD slot for expanded memory. I didn't have to worry about getting a more expensive model just to get more memory. I purchased 64GB SD and upgraded the memory for much less than a higher model. I've been very pleased with the speed and snappiness as well. I frankly haven't used the pen all that much.
REYNIFCD3I2YD	5.0	A useful laptop replacement	4	5	I've been a Windows user since the 1980's and have acquired a dependency on its way of doing things, especially my business tools. However, I've shared the frustration of many as we are forced to migrate to ever more complicated, ponderous and vulnerable versions. Enter the Galaxy Note 12.2. This is a sleek, lightweight and fast device with a bright gorgeous screen. Combined with a leather bluetooth keyboard case and an S mouse I have a capable replacement for my much heavier laptop. But bear in mind that Android is a very different world than Windows. My conversion to Android is a journey that takes a lot of time and study. And certain programs that I need are not yet available, such as full featured Quicken and TurboTax. Younger people who have been weaned on smartphones and tablets will enjoy the large screen presentation of photos and videos as much as I do spreadsheets. Battery life is impressive, the pen is handy for jotting notes, and there are apps for just about anything. Excellent product.
R23VVZ0R3BVP1E	5.0	Great Tablet!	4	5	Got one and so far it's working fine. I wish that Samsung would of placed two charging inputs. In other words if your holding the tablet horizontally, it would have one input on the top and the other on the right side of the tablet cos if your viewing the screen vertically and charging it at the same time, the cable is now at the bottom and pressed on to your stomach. Anyway the screen is crystal clear and sharp. I installed a SanDisk Ultra 128GB MicroSDXC Memory Card that I purchased from Microsoft when they were on sale for $69 (purchased 2) so now my (Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 (64GB, Black)) has a total of 192GB of storage room instead of 64GB. Actually what I did was to take out the 128GB MicroSDXC Card out of my Samsung Galaxy S5 phone and placed it in the tablet. The transfer was flawless. The tablet recognized all of the files that were in the SD Card. It's a shame that you can't install Windows 8.1 into it. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to get the Surface Pro 3 also
R2SMSLBY7LHXRP	4.0	pressure sensitivity is great for painting	2	2	pressure sensitivity is great for painting, and the included sketchbook program is very nice. Keyboard feels nice and the whole package just oozes quality. Battery life is amazing. The only complaint I have is that the keyboard can't be attached to the back of the tablet. So if you are travelling with both pieces you have to have a bag or something to store the keyboard in. Seems like a strange oversight since it fits so nice over the front when acting like a protective case. I would love to just be able to unsnap the keyboard cover and snap it on the back while painting, instead of having to unsnap it and set it aside, just feels awkward.
RE5U2PTAVIFTM	2.0	Great potential not realized.	4	5	This tablet could have and should have been great. It has so many wonderful features. Great screen, great resolution, great sound, great battery life. From there it rapidly goes downhill. It's loaded with Samsung junk programs I had no use for. To make things worse, mine was not reliable. It hung up 3 different times. Tech support from Samsung was almost non existent. I went through the same thing with one of the smart phones - the S4. All it amounted to was "do a factory reset" even though this made me have to reenter all my personal settings and my own downloaded programs. After going through this 3 times I sold it to another buyer since I couldn't get a refund on it only 6 weeks after buying it from Amazon. Hey guys, that's the pits. Am I wrong to expect a better warranty than a month on an item that cost me over $700? With a little better design and a lot better tech support, I'd still have mine and still be enjoying it's wonderful attributes.
R2WELNRUFFNZHF	5.0	Pro Tablet indeed!	2	2	All i can say is WOW!!this thing amazes me every day. Everything ive thrown at it, it handles it. I will make a more indepth review coming soon. But as for a nice Profession tablet, it works really well for my needs. I just do PDF and Word documents, some email and web browsing. I do alot of videos on You Tube and Music. This tablet is a must for business professionals looking to step up from iPad. Even the iPad Pro 12" will have a run for its money. The multi tasking is unmatch by any tablet on the market today! I can have 5 to 6 windows open and have everything run smooth.
RNY737LYHCFYW	5.0	Very good!	2	2	Been using the tablet for the past few months and must say that it works great. I am college student and even though some may find it "too big" I find that it is a good size, a very good alternative to a laptop. It may be large but it is still smaller than a laptop and the s pen makes taking notes very easy. The s pen accuracy is incredable. I recommend it to everyone, not just students but everyone that needs a good daily device that can connect to the inter and do normal tasks. I think this makes a great student or work device, powerful, fast and all around a good buy.
R12JS9EZUE62YY	5.0	Best tablet I have and I have a lot of them.	2	2	Light and fast. I have an iPad, Surface, and Kindle Fire gen1. Love this. The interface takes a little getting used to. The Surface was a bit more intuituve, but that probably says more about me than the android OS. The keyboard is the best I have ever used and the display is so large and clear I have trouble putting it down. Using the stylus with Sketchbook is a joy. Finally, I get to draw with a stylus that recognizes sensitivity.
R3QGUP11OXCLDN	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 in GREAT WORK TABLET !	2	2	Price has come down now but I needed it for work, studying @ night, it has very clear screen resolution & large 12.2 screen display ! Keypad is huge & I don't do gaming so I don't know about that aspect, Samsung is great though, we have three, Samsung Galaxy Note 10 in, The Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 & now Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 in , just be sure if you buy a extended warranty to get SquareTrade & not SmartGuard by Warrentech !
R1IZFD8GIFG70N	5.0	12-inch is great for reading music charts	2	2	Got this to use with MusicSheets to display my jazz charts during a gig. I was concerned that it's extra weight might be an issue, but I don't find it to be, and I do appreciate the extra large display for charts. And Android keeps getting better and better, IMO. I like the pen, the screen, etc. My wife has an iPad and it is probably a little bit easier to use, but not enough to go with a 10-inch screen for my purposes.
R3APK8D7P1UZIO	1.0	Samsung tablet	2	2	If it worked I'm sure I would give it 5 stars but the battery won't charge 100% unless I constantly plug and unplug it from the socket I bought a new Samsung charger but that didn't solve the problem The screen flashes terribly at times The tablet freezes regularly It won't turn off/on sometimes Now it won't connect to my wi-fi Fact is the tablet is fantastic but this one is faulty Amazon's policy is to replace it or refund it
R1YU2ACSLMDQBJ	5.0	I love this tablet!	2	2	I have had the Galaxy Note Pro for about 2 weeks now, and I love it! The onscreen keyboard is the best I have ever used. You get a full row of number keys, plus a delete and a a backspace and a Ctrl key. You can even highlight text and use Windows style copy and paste keystrokes. The multi windows function is easy to use; the "show open apps" key is one of three keys on the bezel (along with Home and Back) and can be used any time. I have not used the stylus much except to play around with Notes and drawing a small window to open another app on screen. It's great that the stylus fits snugly into a slot in the bezel. I was worried I would lose it, but that's not likely. The only thing that was at all cumbersome was getting the Amazon App Store to download but I think that was because neither Google nor Samsung want it to be easy.
RPKVPGEQDMCK5	5.0	Lazer beams!	2	2	Its fast. Its awesome. I've been at my local coffee shop where I work my schedules and transfer my notes and I've had a few people ask me about it. I have to multi-task and this tablet allows me to do it. In terms of size, which was my only hesitation in purchasing this tablet was that I was afraid it was too big. Yes its larger than a 10.1 but you can in fact hold this with one hand. The texture on the back makes takes some getting use to, but when you do a grip, you don't feel uncomfortable holding it for extending periods of time. The screen is crisp and responsive. I don't plan on playing games on it, but I'm sure its great. I bought it for the multi-tasking not gaming though. I am really impressed by the keyboard. Its a full sized keyboard and although I have medium sized hands every key feels like its in the right place. The keyboard itself feels solid not flimsy and it feels responsive too. It acts like a cover as well, but I do find it cumbersome when I want to remove the tablet, however I quickly get over it because it is easy to remove from the keyboard. The best advice I can give you is to go out and physically pick it up. A lot of what you read about the size is a bit overblown. Watching tv streams and movies is beautiful. Its impressive and I would highly recommend it unless you like to carry your tablet on hand full time, thats the only time I'd say you would be better off with the 10.1.
R1GFPKENTO71E5	5.0	Worth every penny. Love this tablet!	2	2	this is my third Samsung tablet, and I love it! For a tablet it is fast -- faster than some laptops I've owned. The larger screen size makes it so much easier to use the multi windows and any apps. One thing I really love is that the keyboard has arrow keys so the cursor can be moved around. How many times have you tried to tap the cursor in the correct spot to fix a typo only to end up backspacing and retyping the entire word because you can't seem to hit the mark? Of course that's not a good reason to spend the extra money for the tablet, but it's a nice addition to have.
R89D6PKPDH8HR	5.0	Absolutely awesome	2	2	I was very hesitant about taking the plunge with such an overpriced tablet, but it has become on of the most utilized devices in my briefcase (and I have tons and tons of gadgets, including 2 other tablets, one Apple and one Android). The pen is great, and I've been taking it to all my meetings (replacing the notepad). The performance is very good. The battery life is amazing compared to what I'm used to, the screen is gorgeous, and the size is just right for me. I'm the type who likes to read everything in hard copy; since buying this thing, I've saved the company rims of paper. For those of you interested in rooting the device and hacking into the beautiful 8-core ( 2 x 4) CPU and all the goodness of DDR3 RAM it provides, there are plenty of ways to do that without bricking the device. You'll be very pleased with a clean install of Mint on it and VMs for running full versions of Windows, etc. It definitely has the horse power to handle it.
R2LJMO3ZAY4H8L	5.0	Great for work	2	2	I purchased this for work use and find that it is excellent in that regard. The size makes it very easy to work on. The landscape keys include tab, arrow and other "normal" keys. The s - pen and handwriting recognition work very well. The screen is very clear. Overall, a great addition to the Note line of tablets. One other bit of information, however. The installed version of Android does not allow the user to write to the SD card in the slot; only apps can do so for their operating use. Thus, I would not suggest purchasing a large SD card for your document storage. A smaller one is fine. Documents added by a computer can be read, but not changed and re-stored on the card. They have to be saved on the internal card. This limit may change in future.
R8071C7I1UR4V	5.0	Only one known issue.	2	2	This is the second one I bought. I broke the first one. The only issue is that the screen will flicker especially when on full brightness. This is a known issue that Samsung ignores. For more info go to any Android forum (I use XDA) and research there. Nothing wrong with the seller. That's why I give 5 stars. I use, and maybe abuse, mine daily.
R2KEWXN9UMSY94	5.0	I also have an iPad that I leave at home because it is only good for playing games	2	2	Because this does everything my laptop could do I no longer need to carry my laptop. I also have an iPad that I leave at home because it is only good for playing games. In the business world you need to have the ability to receive, view and edit documents as well as resend back to clients. I could not perform all those functions on the iPad.
R1MQW0DB4I2IH2	5.0	Fast and worth the buy.	2	2	I was looking for a work companion and this was perfect. I do wish I could install MS Office on it though. But there are other Word Processing apps available to use. It loads fast, easy to use, and displays media well. I recommend as a business tablet. But as with most tablets, I don't recommend for heavy work, like programming or gaming.
R2TNH7KEUINEV1	5.0	love it	2	2	As a artist, i really do love this for sketching. I was considering this and the cintiq by wacom but it was too expensive for something i MIGHT like. Had the surface pro as a gift and this still gets more use! Theres nothing i can really say bad about it, maybe that it gets warm but nowhere near as warm/hot as the surface pro.
RD4VYQM7K6H5F	5.0	Hello Android And Samsung Goodbye IOS and Apple	15	21	As an early tablet adopter Using the first generation iPad I have been waiting for Apple to get its act together and improve the IPad. This has not happened, Oh sure they made it thinner, weigh less,upgraded the hardware, gave it a bells screen, they even made it smaller. SO what??? Apple failed to make the Ipad better in all the ways that Count. Apple also has foiled to make the Ipad in the size needed most 12 inches. Sounds like I am Apple bashing right? Wrong! I have been patiently waiting for Apple to make the Ipad everything this tablet is. Apple has been stubbornly doing whatever it pleases with the attitude that the Customer Can take it or leave it. I agree with Apple so I have left them. While Apple has been busy being Cheaper on there products and Charging more for them while becoming even more restrictive if that were possible, others have been improving their Operating Systems & Hardware. Microsoft has proven Abjectly Clueless when it comes to mobile operating systems and did not offer me a real choice regardless of which manufactures were loading there hardware with Microsoft terrible offerings. Reluctantly as I began to suspect I had only one option left and that was to look at the Android Operating System. Make no mistake I detest Googles desire to destroy privacy, and this is the one thing that prevented me from looking at Android offerings to begin with. Then I thought about it some more and decided who really knows what Microsoft and Apple Are really collecting anyway? There is allot of crapware that comes loaded on this tablet trying to get you to give up give up your privacy for the right to use their application. Some of it also in addition to compromising your privacy wants you to Pay to use it. Unfortunately these are also in addition to compromising your privacy wanting you to Pay to use it. Unfortunately these are Apps touted to make the tablet more appealing. My solution was simple I uninstalled them! When setting up the tablet I also did not Use my Google Account. Oh I did the first time And realized they were following the heck out of everything and there was no way to turn it off. I just about contacted Amazon for a refund until it came to me to restore the device factory settings in settings. After I did that I discovered I could set up the tablet without using my Google account and getting it so embedded into everything. Now I could pick and Choose my privacy options with apps and yes even Google. At the end of the day though it is more about retaining the right to privacy than tinfoil hat reasoning. This tablet is remarkable it is fast, it is responsive, it is the perfect size for viewing magazines, web pages, Video, and working with spreadsheets, documents,reading PDF's or books even Via my kindle library. The screen is chez easy to read text on. By the way this entire review was written YES WRITTEN Using the included pen. Trust me no one writes this long yen review this way unless it works really well. Due to lock of use my penmanship has suffered yet this tablet translates perfectly and I see my penmanship actually improving as I write. A feature lacking in other brands of tablets is the ability to clear the Clipboard Samsung as Android has added this feature to the keyboard first hold down the button that symbolizes the Choices of input to sets it. Samsungs free office suite is just like working with Microsoft office. Extra memory can he added using inexpensive Mico SD Cards . USB Flash drives can be attached with a cable to read and transfer too, These are a huge features cheap, overpriced stubborn Apple has foiled to include. Yes I am dissapointed and over it with Apple. There are more features of course but this review is getting to long. Bottom time it is a perfect device or at least as close as we can get to one as of now. Im glad I bought this and do not think anyone will regret the purchase if they get one.
R16F05SDE7L6G7	5.0	Great for drawing and art!	2	2	A great tablet for a great price. I was sold on the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 because of the incredible interface with the stylus for drawing and art. The pressure sensitive screen interface is far beyond any of the other tablets I tried. If you want to use a tablet for drawing and art, look no further!
R3SIGR2A5V42AZ	5.0	Can I say awesome. Got this tablet to replace my old iPad	2	2	Can I say awesome. Got this tablet to replace my old iPad. I don't regret it. No problems updating the system, way different than the iPad. Having a perfectly condition iPad the IOS won't make it work properly. iPad is a waste of money and time. Getting rid the iPhone, looking forward a Galaxy note.
R124SAQIBBB3M	5.0	Perfect	4	5	I bought this to replace my Note 10.1. I have had it for 2 weeks. For me, it does everything my 10.1 did but with a much bigger screen which is great. I am an electronic repair tech so whether I am pulling up my repair tickets, my "how to" notes, watching a movie at lunch or at home, my emails or remoting into my pc. It is perfect. If you loved your Note 10.1 you will love this one even more.
R2MGFNHBNRCT7H	3.0	Good Hardware, but full if junk.	4	5	This tablet has very good build in hardware, but Samsung managed to completely negate it by adding its own and 3rd party cripple-ware which user cannot remove without rooting the tablet and loosing warranty. I kind of understand , when people have to put up with service providers putting their phones with 3rd party software, but there is absolutely no reason to do same thing with the tablets.
R3HWC6YSMD9S3O	5.0	Best of Breed	2	2	This is an amazing tablet. The digitized 12.2" screen sets it apart from all others. Friends that are iPad owners are stunned they do not have the same capabilities in what they THOUGHT was the market leader - not any more! There are no tablets that can be compared to this one.
R3O63MZDY4QJMT	5.0	This does everything I need it to do. I ...	2	2	This does everything I need it to do. I needed something that had android so it could support the many textbooks apps I have, as well as being able to use office for school. It is very fast, so I never have issues. I can just turn it on and take notes, I am always prepared now.
RY9ABRRJMJY1C	5.0	Exactly what I expected.	4	5	As a previous reviewer had stated, I purchased this tablet primarily to do artwork. Both Sketchbook Pro and Artflow are easier to use than they are with my note 10.1. The increase in processor speed and screen resolution, hence more real estate in between ui tabs allow me to pin palettes while working. The only complaint I have is that the Spen's cursor seems to be a millimeter off of where I expect it , but it is acceptable. I have been able to figure out how to calibrate it but even if I can't it's easy to work with. All in all this my 4'th Samsung device S3 phone Note 2 Note 10.1 and now this. It is everything my other devices can do but it's a Cintiq as well. I had bought EP 121 windows 7 slate to but i could never get used to using the small screen with painter or photoshop. If you're looking for a pressure sensitive tablet for art, and you can make do with androids selection of art apps, get this. One day art rage will come...
R23LIAY102DESV	5.0	Samsung Note pro 12.2	10	14	I have always been an apple guy, and then I bought one of these. This product is amazing especially running KitKat operating system. The fact that you can have more then 4 windows open at the same time is amazing. I would defiantly recommend this with the Zagg screen protector. If I had enough money I would buy one for each room. With the USB 3.0 and the quad core processor you will always be blazing at lightning speeds. Great product. I actually bought this for the size, the sketch pen application is fantastic with this device for you artists out there. If you are debating between this device and another, don't think twice. Buy this item, defiantly worth it.
R701SLOSA29GY	5.0	Great product	2	2	I chose the Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 for the great apps included and those that can be downloaded and added later. The physical size of the tablet makes for easy text size for anyone having vision problems as I do.
RTYHOA4Z7XO28	5.0	BEST TABLET EVER!	2	2	I absolutely LOVE this device. The internal keyboard is large enough to comfortably type meeting notes quickly without purchasing any external keyboards. :) The color is great. The remote PC app is awesome to use.
R1REMYV21ATFBP	5.0	For an Artist, This is The King. Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2: A Critical Review.	3	4	Last year when I lost my Galaxy Note 3 when racing for the bus home after a very busy day, I bought a Galaxy Note 10.1 until Samsung released the Galaxy Note 4. Like the Note 3, Note 10.1 and subsequently the Note 4, the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 is as everyone who's had one before said, it's a "suped" up version of the 10.1 or the phablet phones. And, it's true. One of the first things you must do is to buy a screen protector and a case. This 1-year warranty DOESN'T cover scratches to the screen. If you've ever been unfortunate as I have to let a tablet slip out of your hand and get a scratch, the scratch reveals itself very brightly when the screen comes on or if you're watching a clip of some sort, your eye will be attracted to it. Having said that, this tablet is NOT for everyone. But, for some who have specific needs there's none better including the iPad. The NOTE PRO 12.2 is first and foremost a pseudo-laptop replacement computer, especially when you have specialized office apps like the (full version of) Hancom Office. WebEx and a 1-year 500 GB cloud storage gift from Google. If you've redeemed this offer from another tablet already (like I did with the 10.1) you're not offered an addition 500GB or an extension on the year. The tablet's specs (my measurements): 11 5/8" x 8" x 1/4" and weighs: 1.11 lbs Turn off: 30 seconds Active area: 12.25 inches 10-point touch sensor Manufacturer's specs: * 2560 x 1600 WQXGA LCD screen * 1.9 Quad core & 1.3 Quad core Processor * Full 1080p playback and recording * S-Pen * IR-LED Watch ON * 8MP front & 2 MP rear cameras * 3GB of RAM * 9500 mAh lithium ion / non-removable battery also: * Micro SD card slot *Aux line in/ headphone jack In addition to the screen saver and Wawo case that I bought here on Amazon, I also bought a 64GB microSD card. I have a Mac and a Windows computer but Samsung gives you extra steps in order to copy or put files from the Mac OS on to Android, however everytime I've plugged this USB 3.0 device into the Mac, iPhoto comes up showing the pictures ad video files on the devices asking to download, keep and/or delete them. There's also a separate icon that you can just double click on and actually put files in there and access them on the Note later. Let me be a bit more specific with video files: you'll have to convert them to "mp4" and not "mov" and the same goes with music/ audio files: not "mov" but "mp3". I shot a few video clips with the tablet's camera, when I misplaced my Flip Mino and I'm extremely happy with the footages. The S-Pen, which is a Wacom technology that Samsung wisely licensed from them is the single biggest distinction between the Note tablets and the iPads. There is NO writing experience or drawing/ illustrating or painting like on a Note. It's second to none. For an artist, this is something special. Now, the feature that's least impressive: speakers. For such an expensive unit, the speakers are mediocre. What this means is that you should buy a wireless bluetooth speaker if you want to have at least a halfway decent sound reproduction. There are a glut of very good speakers to choose from. And, one of the biggest surprises is how light and thin this unit is. When you put on a cover it literally doubles the size and weight of the unit. This is not necessarily a bad thing, in fact, what this amounts to is extra protection if you should happen to drop this tablet. I put about 10 GB's of video, music and pictures on the microSD card and the videos and pictures looks absolutely stunning. As, I mentioned, this is not for everyone, this 11+" horizontal tablet takes up a bit of room and considering the 10.1 is not all that much smaller, I think most would really prefer the 10.1. But, if you're into big screens, you're a fine artist or fancy yourself a video editor, you have the tools right here to do semi-professional work. As an artist and someone who also owns the 10.1, I can say for me this is the king.
R19EXD725MMDO1	5.0	Went from outdated laptop to top of the line tablet.	3	4	I'm an over 60 former laptop user. With much nervous anticipation I purchased the note pro 12.2 with 4g service from ATT. Be aware you must buy this from a wireless phone company such as ATT or Verizon if you intend to have it connected to their network. Also bought the Samsung wireless keyboard which doubles as a protective case. It's been three weeks now. Transitioning from Windows based pc technology to an Android tablet was a huge step and after day one I was ready to pack it up and return it to the ATT store. But with an open mind I went in there and immediately the salesperson alleviated my anxiety by showing me how to operate the functions I didn't understand. I went home content that it was just a learning curve that I would overcome. Went back to ATT store two more times with questions and each time with a different clerk and each time they gave me accurate, knowledgable help. The last time I was there to purchase the Samsung wireless keyboard accessory, and later I ordered a carrying bag from Amazon for 12 bucks, the model that says it holds up to 11 inch laptops and it accomodates this 12.2 tablet perfectly. Just yesterday I purchased a universal 12 volt USB charger for 20 bucks and now I believe I have a perfect technology setup for all my needs. Wireless: This unit automatically looks for a familiar wireless router before it logs on to the ATT wireless network. What a great feature. It keeps me from using up my monthly data allotment from ATT when I'm at home or at work where I have wifi service already available. It was very easy for me to connect to these routers and now the note pro finds them on its own. I chose to have the optional ATT service because I'm an outdoorsman and will be spending much time on the road travelling and in campground enviornments where there may not be any wifi available. Word processing: there are so many great, free apps available, I found out from the ATT store rep it wasn't necessary to purchase Microsoft Word. The other document software products are compatible with Word. So far I've opted to use the free Google Drive App document feature which is extremelty compatible with the Android operating system and easily allows me to attach documents to email, and also has a feature which allows me to create a document and then just name the users I want to allow access to that document. Unbelievable. Banking: I use a well known nationwide bank and their app for tablets makes my banking much quicker and faster. Email: I use gmail and of course it's extremely compatible with Android (Android is a Google product, maybe you already knew that but this is all new to me). The tablet allows me easier, more user friendly graphics and faster log in. There is an app for yahoo mail also. Not sure about the others. Video and music streaming: I use primarily Youtube, Netflix and Spotify and all three work well with this tablet. The 12 inch screen is more than large enough for me to enjoy watching a movie, and the Samsung keyboard accessory comfortably holds the tablet in an upright position in bed or on my lap. The screen resolution is great, with high definition quality. Also, the volume and sound quality is highly superior to the Acer laptop I was using. Internet browsing: My biggest fear with the transition from my pc was the ability to browse on the internet. To my pleasant surprise, you still have this ability with the Samsung tablet. Especially when I use it with the wireless keyboard, internet browsing is virtually the same experience. Battery life: At first average battery life between charges was about four hours. But then I turned off the vibration feature (it was preset 'on') because that is a major waster of power. Yesterday on a full charge I played online video poker (not for money, lol) for over seven hours before the battery was depleted. Compared to my old laptop that's over 3 times more battery life. Samsung says you get about 13 hours of battery life and I guess that's about what I will get if I'm just browsing the net or maybe creating text documents. Overall I'm thrilled I made this upgrade from my laptop, and that I went with Samsung versus a lesser priced model from one of their competitors. The versatilily of lighter, smaller size along with longer battery life and user friendly apps made this worthwhile for me.
R1L37P75PWRIEO	4.0	A Hint of Future Products?	3	4	I'll say at the beginning that I like this tablet, but don't love it. I have have owned a lot of Samsung devices. They're all good. I have wanted an Android tablet that was the size to serve (with a keyboard or keyboard/case/cover) as a "right-sized" tablet/laptop hybrid. In short, an Android combo to use like I use my Macbook Air. Actually, this device comes pretty close. LIKES: Screen size, thinness, weight, "holdability" of the back of the tablet, latest Android OS, expandable memory with microSD card, the stylus that "Note" devices have, and some very nice improvements to Samsung's Android overlay, TouchWiz. DISLIKES: Screen resolution (same spec as 10.1" tablet, so not quite as sharp...though still very good), having to "retouch" sometimes, Note stylus that doesn't work with everything (especially some game apps), the usual small lag I've seen on every high end Samsung product I've owned (4), the number of apps that are not optimized for this device and/or landscape orientation (not necessarily Samsung's fault, of course), and just a general sense that the specs and the performance are a slight mismatch. Felt the same thing about my 2014 10.1 Note tablet. Many have speculated that this is primarily caused by the complexity of the TouchWiz overlay to Android. They could be right. The big question: Would I buy this tablet again? Absolutely, but a very large part of that decision for me is dependent of the size of the screen...which I really, really like, except for the very slightly degraded resolution. It does function as a tablet with good apps and as a laptop on which I can work. A few reviews compare this to Apple tablets. I like Android very much, but if Apple ever makes a tablet this size with a retina+ screen...I'm there in a heartbeat.
R1VRM2VCB6KHB3	5.0	Major Upgrade	6	8	Pros: 1. Beautiful screen 2. Kitkat less burdensome than Jelly Bean UI 3. Much better keyboard 4. Samsung book fold is excellent. Much better than previous ones (much stiffer). 5. Much easier control over apps to SD card 6. S pen works much better. 7. 25% better battery life than 10.1 8. Google and Samsung saucers are very convenient. 9. Magazine UX is very useful to have. (see cons). 10. Conversion from 1080 to 1600 is spot on perfect. Cons: 1. A premium product should have top of the line audio like the Kindle Fire. 2. Magazine UX needs independent refresh rates. 3. Menu button x 3 should be screen capture, not palm swipe or menu/power depress. 4. Touch whiz can be laggey. Well worth the upgrade from previous notes!
R1L91A964M4KYB	5.0	Amazing Tool! Writers look no further!!	1	1	What an amazing product!! It truly simplified my sons life. Before buying it my son and I researched everything that came close but we are thrilled that we chose the Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2. It is everything they claim and more... Our only hesitation was that Samsung's customer service was rated poorly by many but we figured if the product claims prove to be true, then we won't have to bother with customer service. He is mainly using it for his writing. Before getting the Samsung our living room had been taken over by post its, paper, black boards and white boards as he worked through his book idea. Now everything is safely and neatly stored on his Samsung Galaxy Note Pro which he carries around all day. Now he is free to just be creative and focus on his story without worrying about writing legibly enough so he may type it out at a later time. He was also able to take pictures of the map he created for his story world and redraw it to completion. My idea was for him to just directly write on the screen and be able to covert it to text but this amazing product also came with a speech to text feature which is amazing!! The chapters he has already written can just be read out load and converted into text within seconds!!! WOW!!! Love it!!! Wish we had found it sooner!
R2152CHCHJQGRG	4.0	Note Pro 12.2 - Great multipurpose tablet.	1	1	After owning an iPad 3 for quite some time, the Note Pro 12.2 has been a great change both in terms of performance and quality. Although I don't use the S-Pen for any artistic purposes, I find myself using it or the Bamboo stylus almost constantly. With that in mind however, it's still great to use even without the stylus. General use seems to be smooth and responsive whether running apps or browsing, including games and the Microsoft Office suite. The display itself is crystal clear with a resolution well above most monitors and devices, making PDF files and documents easy to read while giving a crisp viewing experience for videos (provided you come across high resolution content). There are a few things to keep in mind in terms of potential drawbacks. First off, simply because of the size it can be a little unwieldy and heavy to those accustomed to smaller iPad or Android tablets. As such, I would suggest getting a feel for it in a local Best Buy or electronics equivalent. Along with this, the battery life tends to be between 6-8 hours for continuous use, and 10 or so for moderate. Beyond these minor gripes, there is little else to complain about with the Note Pro. I've rather enjoyed using it for college and pleasure.
R20S57SE5QL3XB	1.0	Unsupported Software - Samsung turns blind eye to customers reports	5	7	Like everyone else I was excited to get the Samsung Note Pro 12.2 tablet. Within the first week we were noticing that the screen was flickering. Apparently this is common with this tablet. As you are using it, the screen will strobe light at times. We were under warranty and able to send it in. It was a quick fix, they just needed to re-solder a part. Shipping was quick, fast. However the box that we had placed the tablet in was discarded upon return on item. Instead it was placed in a un-padded envelope. Whatever, it was not damaged, two day shipping ehhh. Here is where the review truly breaks down the tablet. I am an artist. I purchased this tablet to optimism my art on the go. I purchased this tablet with Kit-Kat installed. At the beginning of July, lollipop was launched. Lollipop was NOT tested on third party divides prior to being released. What this means is YOU WILL HAVE PROBLEMS WITH YOUR BLUETOOTH! If you have a third-party keyboard... i.e. the logitech note 12.2 keyboard (because you did your research and figured out that it is the best functioning/size keyboard/case there is currently) you will have noticed it stop working. You will be able to pair the divices, however to actually use the keyboard, will not work. Your tablet will also not work with Bluetooth mice either. After further research and study, I contacted both Samsung and Logitech. Samsung claimed this it was not their fault... even though; the kernel version 3.4.39-5190229 is broken. On model numbers SM-P900 devices. This, again, is a result of lollipop not being tested properly before released to tablet devices. If you are okay downloading Odin and re-launching Kit-Kat with just a lollipop skin, by all means go for. If you want a tablet with appropriate software that works; you will either want to find another tablet, or wait to purchase said device after they fix an error they say is not their fault...
R341OZIOLIGO91	3.0	Beautiful but flawed tablet	5	7	I really wanted to love this tablet. I bought this about 1 year ago when it first came out and immediately fell in love with 1) size- nothing beats the size of this display, the thin bezels and pixels are sharp and just pop off screen. 2) android- I was coming from iOS and I love androids customization. I have live wallpapers running on my note pro. I installed jellyfish wallpaper and have it running in background. Really just stunning. Also I hate touch wiz and could not stand the launcher and installed custom launcher. 3) format factor- it's light enough that you can grip it with one hand. Doesn't feel flimsy or cheap I have used this tablet to death to where it's now my daily media consumer and replaced some of my laptop use. The things that I wished could be improved on next iteration: 1) price - way way too high. I think ideal price point is around 499 dollars. I wouldn't buy this product at full price. 2) battery life- stand by time is not good. Not iPad level. It'll need to be plugged and charged every two or three days regardless of use. I have turned off some things to improve battery Iife like the auto updates, notifications, and sleep time. IPad can go for weeks without recharge, note pro needs more frequent charges. 3) touch wiz is just not good. It's buggy and laggy and slows down what should be a show horse of tablet. It also crashes often. It didn't at first but now I have to restart it once a week. It'll just start displaying error messages in different apps and lag to a point where even basic email apps crash. I think ideal situation would be if there was a Google play edition or stock Android note pro. Touch wiz rarely adds to the function of the tablet. I don't like their news reader. It's a poor man's zite or flip board. You can't customise much of the reader and I tried installing Nova launcher but touch wiz is still in background crashing more frequently. 4) durability- battery life on this tablet is getting worse day by day and also it's getting more buggy. I have had a bad experience with durability of Samsung products. My second generation iPad is going strong and it's close to 4 years old. 5) tablet comes preloaded with tons of bloat ware. I deleted most of it. Wished I could choose to install things rather be forced to uninstall tons of bloat. Summary- this is a beautifully constructed tablet but has definite hang ups in software and also battery life and buggy Ness. Want to see if Samsung can improve on this next generation.
R3HKZQUDF3E21E	5.0	Great Evening Companion	1	1	It's what I've always wanted. I previously purchased a Galaxy Tab a few years ago...10in. It worked well but I always desired something just a little bigger. Reading a magazine just did not seem practical on the 10 definitely not a 7". I don't 12" screens were out at the time. I did my research and selected the Note Pro rather than the Tab. I've always enjoyed using a stylus.... even if it's just for surfing. The weight is fine. I definitely suggest a cover with a stand that allows it to stand at least two angles. Also, some covers have a hand strap. I bought the MoKo Slim Folding Cover. I've read were some reviewers mentioned sluggishness...I have not experienced that yet. Although, I don't use the feature daily....through Samsung Link, my two TV's, phone, Note Pro 12.2, and desktop PC are all linked on my Wifi network...really cool. My typical use is reading news, logging in my daily diet intake, surfing while watching tv. Some might say it's a little expensive just for that but I say always try to be comfortable.
R2KLA7V9SI1U3X	3.0	Keyboard Issues	1	1	The tablet is great. Wish I could say the same for the keyboard. If you need to use the tablet while walking around, the keyboard will not lock in place. You basically have to leave it behind. The next thing is that it will only hold the tablet in one position. Which is fine for typing but uncomfortable for writing. They could have easily designed something to keep the flip up stand in place to hold the tablet at a slightly rear elevated position. I have manufactured a piece of plastic that will do this and I use it this way 75% of the time. The final thing would be after three months of use the points at which it locks in place as a cover have chipped the "Chrome" plastic off the tablet on all four corners. Basically making my nice looking tablet not so nice looking. On a positive note, it functions well as a keyboard, it matches the tablet nice and battery life is very good. With a little more design effort on Samsung's part they really could have had a nice product. I'm giving it 3 stars just because of the tablet.
R3RN8ZOOM4Y8DR	5.0	Multi-tasks like a champ	2	2	Multi-tasks like a champ. Will still have a higher DPI than any apple product until 2016 if they follow their two years behind current design status quo heh
RVOCD1GTF2Z6J	5.0	Awesome Tablet for Artists, Readers and Gamers	3	4	I love this tablet! First of all, it is perfect for digital artists. Sadly, it is mostly wasted on me as I'm not one. But for those who draw, the stylus feels like a real pen and there is plenty of software out there to help utilize your talents. The stylus feel as natural as using pen and paper, although using an Otterbox does lower the sensitivity a bit. Your results may vary. This seems to share almost every feature of Samsung's top-of-the-line smartphones including LED light, vibration and IR blaster. The only thing it doesn't seem to share with my Note 4 is the heartbeat monitor. Reading on it is incredible. It's large enough that most ebooks feel like one is reading from a paperback while comic books are almost full-size (well, one page at a time, obviously). Gaming on it is as fluid as an Android device gets and it has handled everything I've put on it close to or as well as my gaming PC: Hearthstone, older console ROMS, Scribblenauts, etc. Unfortunately, as most Samsung users know, that company is extremely slow when it comes to releasing Android updates. As of the time of this writing (May 2015) Lollipop is still not available for U.S. users. I love this tablet!
R3OGORJ5130IJB	4.0	The mighty s-pen is the best feature of this device. The relatively huge screen is both a plus and a minus.	3	4	The s-pen technology is so much better than any i-junk stylus I tried on my iPad, even the expensive ones that have power, discs, or other gimmicky tips. The s-pen works like a real pen and lets your draw like it. I bought this device for producing digital artwork and it works for that purpose even better than I thought it would. The screen is nice and large, but the large screen is also this device's biggest con as well. The pixel density seems to be not great enough when compared to the 10" tablets out there with the same resolution. It would be nice to have a greater dpi/resolution display for this big of a screen. Also, even though most of the colors have good saturation, the yellows on this display seem to be off and seem to be shifted towards red too much (making them look orange rather than true yellow). There are 3 different color schemes to pick from, but none of them address the yellow color issue....hopefully this is a just a software/driver issue and a patch/utility can be released to let the colors be balanced better, or even better- user controlled with a RGB or CNY slider control like a PC would let you do.
R12C0ZRQ0O124F	5.0	Good Tablet	7	10	I bought this a few days ago, and I am satisfied its performance and display quality. In terms of hardware, this one is exactly what I have looked for. I like its s pen, its keyboard layer on display, and internet browsing in its big screen and high quality display. Fast speed and process. Overall I am going to give this product high score. However, I am going to return this product for two reason. (1) it does not fit to my purpose of buying this tablet. I wanted to read and note a pdf file. The tablet seemed like being very optimized for this function with the s pen. However, I didn't find software app that handles pdf itself with s pen "smoothly" although there are some apps. I tried some apps but its not the quality I have expected. This does not mean that this tablets functionality has any issues, but it does not fit to "my expectation" of specific purpose. (2) there are useful apps samsung embedded. I like most of them. However, I found that when I start apps, they ask my accounts saperately, and install something blahblah. I really don't like this process. Of course, you can ask my permission on my account or information. That's fine. but, I don't want to input account information every chances I set up apps. I feel that you really and serious need to think about this. Overall, hardware is the best, but samsung need to pay more attention to software. I want to leave this message because I believe that some of samsung manager can hear and improve this software issue quiet easily if they care and want to listen how the users feel about their new super tablet, for reaching the best quality they can make.
RSW6E59HRJM4X	5.0	Arrived defective, sent in for repairs 2 times, ...	2	2	Arrived defective, sent in for repairs 2 times, still not functioning as a new one should..But when it does it is an outstanding product.
R20ZD3ECSLB7W7	1.0	very disappoint, the screen will flicker after 4 weeks	2	2	very disappoint,the screen will flicker after 4 weeks.This problem have been found for a long time and should be fixed,but they didn't.
R1QF0UVQQIK3G6	5.0	I love it. I love handwriting notes	1	1	I love it. I love handwriting notes, but I always lose them. Not anymore. I've had it now a couple months and really really like it. It really works well with what I do. It could easily replace my laptop. It is quick, you can do multiple things in multiple windows, it is well built and the android is so much better then windows. My only complaint would be that for some reason the box comes from Amazon re-sealed. One side the seal has been cut and another one put over the cut one. I had actually purchased a 10.1 and got an open box, they sent another, it was re-sealed, I sent it back and got the 12.2. I got tired of the hassle of sending them back so I kept it. Makes me feel like I got a Used tablet at a new price and I definitely paid full new price, they aren't a cheap tablet, but well worth it .......my solution? buy electronics at brick and mortar only.
R6SOGXY1B0UWJ	3.0	I like so much about this tablet	1	1	I'm writing this review after 10 months of use. I like so much about this tablet, but after 9 months of use, no abuse, the display screen started flashing as the battery charge level depletes. I checked on line to see if anyone else had this same issue, and there were hundreds of complaints. I called Samsung and got the run around. I am still trying to get my tablet repaired as it's still under warranty. The tablet will overheat, and flash. First they told me it was a charger issue, so I went out and spent $30.00 on a charger....this fixed the issue temporary, and then the flashing was back. Samsung had me set the tablet back to factory specs, so I did this, and this didn't work. Samsung should figure out what's wrong with these tablets before selling any more.
R3HGBFKSNVA1TB	5.0	and I feared something better would be out right after purchase	1	1	I'm thoroughly impressed with this tablet. I was a little hesitant to buy it because it has been out for about 1 year, and I feared something better would be out right after purchase. However, those worries were assuaged after it arrived. It is perfect for both my business and creative needs. I use the OneNote app from Microsoft all day long for notes I need to take for business. They are synced automatically to my desktop PC, and even recognize my handwritten text. It's also a great tablet for drawing and sketching on. I did order a new stylus that includes an eraser, but I haven't received it yet. I may end up buying the Bamboo Feel Carbon for the business side depending on how the other stylus works out. Note (no pun intended): Do not use any aftermarket cases with this tablet that include magnetic sleep/wake functionality. The magnets interfere with, and may permanently cause problems with the stylus digitizer! I've had to initiate a return of my tablet for dead spots on the screen. I am spending extra money and buying an official samsung case with keyboard to avoid this issue with my replacement.
RGVOEWK7S75NO	5.0	Just what I've been waiting for!	7	10	I've been waiting for a bigger tablet to come out for months now at least. I really liked the Yoga 2 laptops except the windows tablet apps don't handle the resolution well and the screen is too narrow in portrait mode. The Note 12.2 fits what I needed exactly. The feel and look of it is top notch. The size is perfect for reading magazines, which is my primary use for it. It's also just right for web pages and the bigger keyboard is easier to type on like you would a traditional keyboard. Although it's not always as buttery smooth as my wife's iPad, the performance is quite good. Far better performance than my Nexus 10. I love all the 140 lb nerds that say this thing will break your wrist. True the size isn't for everyone, some people actually exercise and don't mind lifting 1.9 lbs. I'm pretty sure my hand weighs more than that. And it will effortlessly fit in any backpack with your laptop. I'd write more but all the other strong points have been thoroughly covered already. I bought the Wawo case for it on Amazon and I'm thoroughly impressed with it also. It has a great expensive soft feel to it and fits extremely well for a good price.
R2OBG8VZ2NNWCO	4.0	... watching videos and/or playing Hearthstone and it does that great. My only real complaint I have had is ...	1	1	I mostly use my tablet watching videos and/or playing Hearthstone and it does that great. My only real complaint I have had is the battery life. I seem to get about 5 or so hours of gaming on one full change. I would like to praise the screen as it's huge and has a great picture. Also a word of caution if you do purchase, don't play games or watch videos on an extremely low battery level. I ran this tablet on 3% battery life when playing a game and the screen flickered a horrible death before going out. Before I could get it to turn back on I had to do a factory re boot. All was well and working after the reboot but I lost all my app information. I recommend getting to a charger around 4% battery life left.
R2SJ0JD2VCLEN9	2.0	$700 not worth spending	1	1	I'm an artist and don't have much money to be spending on expensive things. I was on the hopes that the first tablet I get was going to be one appropriate for my passion. The tablet has great potential in every way but the hardware doesn't take the pressure of the features it has to offer. A month after I bought it the screen began flickering. At times I was in the middle of a drawing and it flicker when I touched the screen and on multiple times turned off when it still had 40% battery. Have lost a lot of progress on my work because of that. It made me really sad because I'm not able to return it. Apparently is a known issue with these tablets. Samsung selling faulty products. ... very disappointed...
R18KH1ENPTBF4N	5.0	Samsung	1	1	Love how the screen is soft for my fingertips and how it show media so beautiful. The multi window feature works great, it is possible to achieve on other tablets with apps, but it doesn't flow as easy nor does it work that great as it does here, would be even better if you could put any app in the multi window right hand bar. The built in pen is awesome, for accuracy when drawing, and for clip/copy anything you can see on the screen, it should be standard on all tablets, I love how it sits so nice inside the tablet as well. The tablet slightly thicker and heavier than I thought ideal, the battery life could be improved, it does have a slight heat leak on the top of the tablet as well. Tyvm
R3T14ENWHE4MZU	5.0	I love my tablet and use it all the time	1	1	I've read through many reviews where the purchaser had problems with this tablet. I love my tablet and use it all the time. I took an online class and loved the multi-window that allowed me to take notes in one window, the assignment description in another window, while casting the course video to my TV. No lag..awesome. I use this tablet daily to cast movies, pay bills, track schedule, edit documents. The only battery issues I've had are when I leave a Youtube video open and the device in sleep. Otherwise the battery lasts a full day on full use. It does charge slow if not in a direct outlet plug. If using the plug that came with the device it charges in only a few hours.
RLMZU07QGUD0U	4.0	Reed this before you get any Bluetooth devices.	3	4	I like the Note pro 12.2 and I hate it. I like way it displays, the overall function of the tablet what I do not like is that if i want to use a Bluetooth mouse or keyboard it has to be Samsung. When I got the tablet I did not know this, and got a Microsoft Designer Bluetooth Mousewith a Logitech Pro Protective Case with Full-Size Keyboard for Samsung Galaxy Note Pro and Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro (920-006319). Both of these devices would pair and not be seen in the controls. After contacting Samsung though live chat as well as over the phone; (Call do not use there live chat it is useless.) Samsung is aware of this problem with Android 5.0.2 and is "working" on it. For now though the only input devices that work with this tablet are Samsung.
R3J2Y1O4TBLD28	5.0	Nice Tablet	1	1	Wow! I can't quite give up my laptop yet, but this tablet gets me that much closer. I was little disappointed that it does not support flash as my old Motorola did. At least kind of supported it as it would load and run, but not very well. I think flash is probably on the outs at least in the tablet space, but hoping the newer protocols get in place soon. As far as the tablet and functionality I don't think I have anything bad to say about it. The pen is really nice to use and adds some nice capabilities like support for hover on traditional web pages. You can also use your finger if you want to forgo the pen from time to time.
R2J7GIBVFFOLD4	5.0	Great 12.2 Samsung Note, especially after Android update to v5.01	1	1	Excellent. I really like this 12.2 tablet. Nice big screen. Easy to work with. Great resolution and clear sound. Full marks to Samsung. It came as Android version 4.4 but it updated to 5.01. This resolved the problem other users reported when attempting to install Amazon Video, which now works flawlessly after the Android update. I added a Samsung 64 GB class 10 micro SD card, for additional memory capacity, and purchased an Amazon USB 3.0 connector cable making transfers even faster. I also added a Fintie 12.2 Note 360 swivel case purchased through Amazon. Very pleased with the whole setup.
R3H7OCG145FPU1	5.0	absolutely good	1	1	Nice tablet just what I thought it would be. As musician I perfectly read PDF music sheets and easy to use. I also use it for lots of meetings and on the ho stuff and the battery life is amazing. Yes it takes to charge but it is a 10000mah battery not a 4000mah as most laptops. Overnight charge is perfect. With all the application at hand it is a windows laptop comparison. Of course android has to polish a lot to be smoothy all the time and take office tasks 100% hopefully it will come soon. For the price and performance it is a 100% review. Slimmer than most of my uni books why not then a notepro?
RBWLPNCH0UIGN	5.0	Tablet, CS great...	1	1	So I placed my order for this tablet and receive my package on time. Open it up to find an Asus tablet in the box in place of the white incredible tablet I wanted... Called up Amazon customer support and the took care of me right away so 5 stars to them. 1 star to the warehouse staff for not checking if the item was tampered with or not. 5 stars for the Tablet that I had to buy at a B&M... The tablet itself is insane! I love it. I like the Samsung design. Screen resolution is great. UI is snappy. Camera is camera, I use it for business confrencing anyway. Holds a very good charge.
R38RJS7HRT0XG	5.0	Love it so far, works just like my Note 4 phone	1	1	I have been a Samsung fan for a few years now since I got the Note 1 phone. I know have the Note 4 phone and this lovely big tablet. Works well and is comparable to the phones. Picture and color is awesome. The tablet is very responsive to the pen and touch. I am getting a cover and a screen protector and will see how that goes with the pen. Reviews I have read seem to think it works fine. I look forward to many years of enjoying this tablet. Only Con is that Sprint doesn't support the use of these. They only support iPads. That is a bummer.
R3FYVDSIIWSDLI	5.0	Great tablet, but get a warranty	1	1	Best tablet on the market in my opinion. I like how fast and agile the tablet is. With its Octo-core processor it is very fast and very efficient. I would caution anyone buying this as it is much more fragile than any of my other tablets. It fell 3 feet onto a rug atop concrete and it shattered the display. Not truly the devices fault but it would be nice to have a little more resilience. Luckily I had a warranty that covered accidents, and I would recommend that to everyone as there is no replacement glass yet available for this tablet.
R103CHVIOSJAKQ	5.0	Simple enough for my Mom!	1	1	Amazing tablet, we bought this for my 71 year old Mother. She loves it. Very fast, GIANT screen, and simple enough for her to use. She only used it for recipients and movies, but I'm trying to teach her more. S-Pen is nice and accurate, and this tablet is blazingly fast. Huge storage space the camera is decent. But a tablet this size is not ment to be a camera. The battery life is not great on the higher brightness settings. But we have to set it high for vision reasons. Did I mention this thing is FAST?
RH0BSYTHCVY6C	5.0	Galaxy greatest since PC.	1	1	Samsung has hit a home run. I own 4 Windows 8.1, 3 Win 7, 2 IPADs and 2 MAC portables. No boot time, No viruses. Keyboard is the best for tablets. I am frequently frustrated with the Windows products, but Win clients prefer me to use a Win product. Galaxy has quick response, lots of power and the variety of applications are important. Only issue I have is with TSA. They regard the Galaxy as a computer, they do not regard IPAD as a cell phone. I have developed 3 cross platform applications on the Galaxy.
R3LVDK7BISDDL0	5.0	Beautiful Samsung product!	1	1	Just perfect. Smooth responsiveness, beautiful screen, lightweight portability...so many cool things it can do. Love the remote function to control all my entertainment devices including at&t u-verse. I can browse all my favs and just touch the 'watch' icon and bam! Nice... IF you don't use iPad feminine products, lol, this is a real life changer. Yeah, I didn't waste time stating everything it does. You can find that on every other review. Enjoy!
R1D2ZEBXJ2PYSQ	5.0	... had several tablets and this is by far the best. This has the ease of interface of my ...	1	1	I've had several tablets and this is by far the best. This has the ease of interface of my old ipad3 and I like the size. I actually had an HP Slate 17 and loved the size of that screen but the interface and having to reboot at least twice a day drove me to this. Owned for about 6 months and use heavily for both work and play. Samsung is the leader in this technology and it shows in this product.
R1L5QNFEQ9NDCT	5.0	Very happy with it!	1	1	Exceeded my expectations, very happy with it. We have galaxy phones and wanted a tablet to take advantage of the remote pc stuff they have on the tablets and phones today for our business needs and we couldn't be happier with it beyond that as well. The battery life is fantastic and charges fast on the charger that comes with it. We look forward to having this for the years to come!
R1L8LHJGKKHFLA	5.0	The Big Dog On The Block	1	1	Bought by mistake, I already have one, Was put in my cart by accident, but Samsung blows crapple away, beats the Ipad hands down on all levels, I have multiple Samsung tablets and TV's, I wouldn't buy anything else, Sony was the big dog on the block years ago, Now Samsung is #1 on all electronics these days, Give your apple stuff away and go with Samsung, You'll be so much happier.
R31GORB794Z7WT	5.0	" which comes installed on the tablet is perfect for taking notes that can easily be transformed into ...	1	1	If you are looking for a business tablet on a Windows platform, it has finally come on the market. "S Note," which comes installed on the tablet is perfect for taking notes that can easily be transformed into text and imported into "Hword 2014" (also on the tablet). "Hcell 2014," also on the tablet works just like MS Excel. This is a great business tool!
R1RPYK46DXJD1V	5.0	Love the S pen	3	4	I got this because I love drawing with sketchbook for galaxy on my phone and I wanted a bigger screen to draw on. This gave me that. The pen is sensitive to how hard you press allowing you to make light or dark markings easily. It also allows you to do mouse-overs on Web pages, draw windows to open multiple apps, and allows you to write in cursive for the amazing handwriting recognition it has.
R3FBPV42ZXPL5G	5.0	Note Pro 12.2 completely necessary	1	1	Bought it refurbished but it feels brand new. Extremely productive. The pen is amazing and the multi window is awesome. You will need to root it to actually put apps that are useful in the multi window tray. Picked this tablet over iPad air. I bought my wife the iPad air. So I am able to compare the two. The note pro 12.2 is heavier but that is its only con.
R3UAE64WES8MPM	5.0	Excellent design for business use	1	1	As the developer of electronic healthcare records, I find this design to be an excellent platform for our software. I think that for anyone desiring an Android tablet for business use this is an excellent choice.
R3FTSMZMI7CWQW	5.0	Da Bomb!	1	1	I love this tablet! I thought 12.2 inches would be a bit heavy, maybe a bit clunky after owning an Xperia z tab that weighed under a pound and my Kindle HDX 8.9 which is also very light. But no, I really think this tablet is worth the extra weight and size. I can't stop playing videos and goofing off on the Internet to play with productivity apps, so I can't attest to that. I can't stay off of Vevo with my Dr. Dre Beats. The sound quality with the headphones is awesome, loud (finally a tablet with rocking speakers. It even has a loud volume warning, if that tells you anything.) Display is crisp and clear. I get about 8.5 hours per charge from 15-20 percent battery level. Great job Samsung!
R1E3FA4RBJ8V9B	5.0	Upgraded to this beast!	1	1	Very satisfied and definitely a Samsung returning customer! It does everything it promises and so much more! The capabilities are amazing!
R2YIGTK9E1CX17	5.0	Amazon Stepped up and hit a home run!	1	1	I like Samsung tablets but was a little up set when this one started having little problems right out of the box. I called Samsung technical for first problem and they were great and easy to understand. Then the second problem happened and the charger or port went out. I thought about sending it back to Samsung but realized it probably would be faster to send it back to Amazon since it was only a little over a week since I purchased it. Boy, was I wright! I received a ticket to return in minutes then was given instructions on what to do. Ups picked it up and the next day I received my new one. Hooray for Amazon!
R14BYMWACF4WFC	5.0	I like this device	1	1	I find the Note very useful for me. Instead of carrying a laptop I use it. In my opinion it is not too heavy and worth it because of the screen size. The multi user option is great, since I share it with my GF. All the apps are installed completely separately.
R1RZ3DMODDGJP5	4.0	It does everything I want it to do!!	1	1	I needed a lightweight (as in features, not weight) device to do quick note taking, doc updates, watch a video or full-on movies. This guy/gal does it! Love reading my email in the 12 inch format. Looks normal. Screen is good, you get Samsung Microsoft Office compatible office suite which so far has done a good job for me, have not run into any issues. Using the pen to take notes has been excellent for me. If I have to find a negative, it's that if you have to stand with it in your hands for a while, the weight may become an issue.
RE1U0VK3KP2YL	5.0	better than expected	1	1	this tablet is even better than I expected. I have the note III phone and they both work so well together. This is definitely great for work and meetings.
R2WKWGY0I0P9J7	5.0	AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING...The Size is Just Right..!	1	1	What a beautiful tablet. I cannot say enough about it. The screen resolution is amazing. The tablet is built very well. This Note 12.2 has better specs than the Tab 12.2. You cannot compare any tablet on the market to this Samsung Monster! If you are looking for a 12" Tablet, you found one! Buy it...You will love the tablet..! I paid around $725.00, this is the lowest I could find one. If you can buy one for around $650, grab it because this tablet is worth every penny!!! Great Job Samsung...!
R1W2NKOPBP5LPT	5.0	This tablet is absolutely amazing!	1	1	This tablet is fast! Did I say fast? Oh man, is it fast! And powerful! The graphics is amazing, the processors are incredible! This tablet makes my dual-core desktop and dual-core laptop look like snails in comparison! This tablet is incredibly light and comfortable to hold. Even when you hold it at insane angles, it won't slip out of your had. This tablet has got it all! It's a great replacement to both my laptop and my desktop. You can take this puppy anywhere, and it does so much, it's not even funny. This is the best $900 I ever spent on anything in a long time. This will be a desktop and laptop killer. With this tablet, I just don't need them anymore. And with wireless and Bluetooth, there is nothing this tablet cannot do! This is everything I hoped it would be and more. On a scale of 1 to 10, this is a 12! From all of the reviews and articles I have read, this is simply the best professional tablet you can buy. Bar none. Buy it, you will love it! This tablet is nothing short of awesome!
R24K8LZ10U24PD	5.0	I love this thing!	1	1	The screen is absolutely fantastic. It makes email and web sites SO much easier to read. Plus pictures look fabulous. Maps are both easier to read and show a "bigger picture". The primary purpose for this was for on the go Bible study, and it is awesome to be able to have multiple windows open with various resources that can easily be seen all at once. Batter life is excellent. The good is that it's big, the bad is that it's big. :) You pay for the size and battery life with weight. But for me the tradeoff was more than worth it.
R1PAYI13Y20CTK	5.0	amazing	1	1	It big and it's a beast it nocks one heck of a punch both the 12.2 and 8.4 are just amazing there really is known way to describe it other than just try it you can't put it down out standing job samsung
R1FWYUWI4CMEG1	5.0	Worth every penny!	1	1	The Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 is an incredible tablet. From the day it was first rumored I knew I was going to get one and it hasn't let me down. I thought it might be to big but it's not. The ability to run 4 apps at once is a great feature. All of the S-Pen features are very useful. Battery life is good, sound is very good and the screen is incredible. If you're thinking of getting one go out and try it and you'll be hooked.
R3P7ZFA1UZIWDT	5.0	Glad I waited for the 64GB	1	1	Very satisfied with the tablet, hefty price but does what I need with style. Love the speed and screen size.
R2OLMSFUYJIG1L	5.0	Great tablet	1	1	Replaced a Xoom. I have always been an early adopter. This tablet is simply the best out today. heck yes.
R1I7QYM3KQYYP8	5.0	I love it	3	4	Pros: a big screen, colours are really vivid and s-pen is great for writing, taking notes, drawing etc. I have had this tab for a month now and Battery life is awesome. I use it almost an hour daily and in this entire month I have had to recharge it ony three times. Plus samsung gives goodies worth almost 800$ with this tab (gogo passes, google play credit etc). Cons: A bit on the heavy side. This tab is not something you can hold in your hand for an hour and feel nothing. No comparison with the lighter tabs (ipad air) in terms of weight. If you are holding something in hands for almost an hour, a difference of even a few ounces in weigh seems perceptible.
RE2M7YR6ZMO4T	5.0	My first Samsung Tablet	3	4	This device does basically anything you want. It is bright and clear. Screen size is just perfect imo. I know some people might think it's big but it's not. I think the 10.1 is a little small for watching video. You can basically do anything you want with this device. Watching video and reading text is a dream. The battery last a long time as well.
R20XZK0K6M7091	5.0	love it.....	3	4	It is everything that I expected! I love the larger screen.....It does soo many things that I haven't even used yet....Great dimensions...Thought that it would have been heavier than it is....Real slim....I love having the pen ,also.....I love having the option of the pen....No big deal to bring it with you...I had read that it's sooo heavy.....They are real complainers.....
R3HY1VX59ENND7	5.0	High resolution screen is a winner.	1	1	A notepad screen I can actually read without my glasses on. I added 64 GB memory for a total of 128 GB; I don't expect to run out of memory any time soon. I use my Samsung phone as a hotspot when Wi-Fi is not available or reliable; they work well together. I added Bluetooth mouse and keyboard, both by Samsung. Nice!!!
R2YWP8OQ4K72N	5.0	Love it	1	1	This tablet is fantastic. I was impressed by the s-pen handwriting recognition software, and if you like to take notes by hand, you can do that with this. It's also great when you want to hand-draw something. I bought a keyboard case to accompany it and that works great too. It's really like having a mini computer.
R1DSX8CXHHZNS6	5.0	Truly the best tablet of the year	1	1	Truly the best tablet of the year. The screen is large and brilliant. The colors pop and the overall clarity is outstanding. The programs are mostly for business, but serve the casual user, like myself, great. Some bloat ware but not too much. Decent battery life. Heavy-ish, buy a stand up case.
RKW94G36KNNZV	5.0	Love this Gem	1	1	Love this Gem! I've been using an iPAD for the past years and there is no comparison to the Samsung. I like the look, feel, size, speed, interactive screens, notes and stylus capabilities and on and on. I actually purchased it for personal reasons but have been using it at work. Its awesome! Goodbye Apple!!
R3KHT8ZWTW813T	5.0	Best portable device in my opinion	1	1	Best portable device in my opinion. Very fast, excellent colors and definition. Very useful when working from home. The included Office applications are compatible with MS Office. Tons of free applications can be downloaded from Google Play store to customize it and more. This investment was well worth it.
R138QQMKR31RS8	5.0	I am very happy with the 12	1	1	I am very happy with the 12.2 pro here are a few pros and cons pros size is great speed is awsome I use the logitech keyboard which i love cons wish I could find a adapter so I can charge my 12.2 and also connect other , devices at the same time
R1GF11SC44C9BM	5.0	it is awesome having a large	3	4	The multitasker in me loves it. This is a work horse of a tablet that will help me through grad school beyond. Also, as a board-certified music therapist, it is awesome having a large, beautiful display and lots of memory to keep all my sheet music, chords, and music-related apps.
R1IV0W46RN38TM	5.0	Its so much easier than my old iPad and much more fun. I have nothing bad to say about this ...	1	1	This tablet has made my life so much easier. Its a powerful machine that helps me with everything. I can run office programs, photo editing, play HD videos. Its so much easier than my old iPad and much more fun. I have nothing bad to say about this tablet.
R12MTUQNSS3NGM	5.0	Love it! So versatile and meets any professional needs-but ...	1	1	Love it! So versatile and meets any professional needs-but Meeting Go is limited to the same network-very limited. That was the main reason for my choosing the Note Pro over the Pro. But I'm happy because I got the Note Pro for less than I would have gotten the Pro.
R200L9EEBEPIIO	5.0	Impressive.	1	1	After the first 3 days of struggling to learn a new operating system, this has become a very fun and worthwhile purchase. Still trying to determine if it will replace my regular laptop, but I'm satisfied that I will get a lot of use from it and enjoy it's portability.
R172XXNZL43MFB	5.0	So good I may switch my iphone to a samsung now	1	1	Wow, this tablet is big, and the pen is the greatest. My first android tablet -- up until now I've always bought Apple products, but the iPad is too small and expensive. Now I'm thinking of changing my iPhone for a Samsung. Like the android interface.
R3SG9OSKGJ8QXS	5.0	Excellent Tablet!	1	1	I LOVE IT!!! However, it freezes a little too much and needs to be rebooted more than I'd like it to. Maybe I'm doing something wrong to make it freeze so much. The bottom line is, I like it so much, I'm willing to reboot once in a while!
R2Z7U42MVO9G2U	5.0	Great tablet for reading and annotating pdfs	1	1	This is a great tablet to read and annotate pdfs comfortably (I use the LectureNotes and ezPDFReader apps). Samsung's sPen is incredibly responsive and comfortable to use. Handwriting on this tablet feels very natural, almost like on paper!
R37LA7S6TNMRDA	1.0	large screen - this was going to be a perfect tablet for work (and play)	10	15	Buyer Beware! If this had zero stars, that is the rating it would have gotten. I received my tablet and was very excited. The large processor, multi-tasking, large screen - this was going to be a perfect tablet for work (and play). However, I noticed a problem right away when my tablet wouldn't charge while using it. Specifically, while having email and Internet tasks open (running in background) and playing Angry Birds, the tablet would only charge about 1% an hour, or sometimes even lose a charge while connected to the appropriate/original Samsung charger. I spoke with a Samsung technician who said there was definitely a problem with the unit. So, I sent the tablet in for repair and was told the battery had to be soldered. When I got it back I noticed it did the same exact thing - no charge while in use. I called again, and sent it back in again, and reminded them that, by their own policy, I had to 'factory reset' the tablet prior to sending it in. So, I wondered how they could possibly be re-creating the problem when there are no programs on the tablet. (Remember, it charges fine if it's just sitting there, not being used). They assured me they would check it out properly. I received the tablet back for the second time and, to no one's surprise, it still would not charge while in use. I called again and reminded the service representative that Samsung requires me to submit the tablet for repair only two times (which I had done) and they were then supposed to make a determination as to what to do next - send me a replacement tablet or refund my purchase amount. I was told that I had to send the tablet in for a third time for a complete QA diagnostic test. (I'm leaving out a lot of the story here, but trust me when I say this has been most stressful). I sent the tablet in for the third time and just received the message today that they found no problem with it and would be sending it back. I cannot stress enough that if you plan to be mobile with this tablet you should look for another. Because this tablet cannot be charged while in use, it makes it pretty much useless for me. I need a way to keep my tablet charged when I know I'll be leaving on a business trip, etc, and I cannot do that with this tablet. If I have the luxury to charge it overnight it will, eventually, charge, but if I need to use it prior to leaving - well, I'm just out of luck. You would think that this is just a one-time product defect, but Samsung assures me there is nothing wrong with this tablet. So, beware that you will not be able to charge this unit while you are using it. If you can live with that, it's probably a pretty nice piece of hardware. This was my first major Samsung purchase - I was hoping to follow it up with the purchase of a Samsung Note phone. However, after this experience, I will not purchase any more Samsung products. I should have stuck to the reliable Motorola products as I have in the past, but lesson learned.... A very EXPENSIVE lesson learned....
R36JPDFMXBQPP	5.0	AMAZING!!	1	1	WOW!!!! cant get better than this it will do almost everything but wipe you bottom! Everyone I have shown this to wants one once I show them what it can do... Watch out apple this one will slaughter your company without even trying!
R3U3DX9Z1MVXMR	3.0	Great for some, but too limited for me...	2	3	PROS: * Large screen with a gorgeous display * S Pen is very handy * Pre-loaded with programs that allow you to open and edit Microsoft Word, Excel, etc., even though this doesn't run on the Windows OS * Split screen capable (to an extent) * Decent sound for a tablet * Long-lasting battery CONS: * KitKat OS does not support Flash Player - I couldn't do something as simple as editing a photo on Pic Monkey. You can get around this by downloading the Dolphin Browser and some unofficial Flash plug-in... but I'm skeptical about the security threat this could pose to the system. My Norton Anti-Virus for tablets sure didn't like it. * Can't watch Amazon videos on the tablet (does not support Silverlight) * You can only use split screen with certain programs - this was unfortunate when I wanted to share the screen with the calculator (Maybe there is a way around this?) * Websites don't load super quickly - about the same speed as my smartphone * Unable to disable Samsung's "magazine" - This was more annoying than I thought it would be * Takes a very long time to charge - I went from 33% to 36% in a half hour * Freezes up occasionally Overall Verdict: I was hoping to love this tablet since I love my Galaxy Note 3 phone. Unfortunately, it's very limited when it comes to the things I want to use it for, as mentioned above. I'm sure this can work very well for many folks out there who don't need it to function like a PC laptop, but I'll be returning it and purchasing a tablet with a Windows OS.
R1STWV417AK7Z2	4.0	It's really nice and feels awsome in your hands	3	4	It's really nice and feels awsome in your hands, people that see it ask all the time about the size and who interactive it is. I wish there was a way to use the multi screens with all apps. Other than that I love it.
R1TTFSRLAVC0O1	5.0	SO IN LOVE. It's just right for me	1	1	SO IN LOVE. It's just right for me. It's paired with the Logitech keyboard cover and an HP Bluetooh mouse and I have the perfect portable machine. I am a big fan of the S-pen (also have a Galaxy Note 2 phone).
R1WIOKS9TDQBCC	4.0	one thing missing	1	1	I do enjoy my new Note Pro however waste alot of time trying to figure out how to use. No user manual except on line which doesn't help when trying to use on plane or other area where no wi fi.
R3AA3HUWBV6HDQ	5.0	Superb tablet	2	3	This is one phenomenal tablet. It's fast, simple, elegant and has lots of storage, especially after I add a nice fast Lexar Micro-SD card to it. The battery life is great; I've been able to watch full length movies on the plane and still have 50%+ power left. Movies are great on the tablet, by the way. You can use the included speakers which work very well, or I also plug in my Bose headset on the plane. It is a nice companion for my Samsung Note 3 phone and the SideSync 3.0 software runs great on both devices. I have had the tablet for a couple months now and I use it all the time. I have several keyboards and covers for it, still looking for the ultimate set up. Because I am an IT professional, I still travel with a conventional laptop but this device causes the laptop to spend more time in its travel bag. I have started using it to take notes during customer visits and it works really well for that; I'm evolving my work habits because of it. Also, being over 60 the tablet is great for reading books and magazines with the Kindle app. It was getting difficult doing that on my Note 3. The tablet is big but not heavy. I highly recommend it for professionals and people who have to have access to a lot of documentation. It is not really meant for the average consumer.
RK18K5E5047Q0	5.0	Love it, but did want to buy a Wacom ...	2	3	Love it, but did want to buy a Wacom pen as the one in the device is cheap plastic, surprised no one has made a metal version in the exact same form. Samsung is updating the OS regularly now, screen is beautiful, is a bit heavy but battery life seems decent, dim the screen a bit for extended time. I had to buy about 4 different drawing programs of which there are a good selection but realize not all work with the pressure sensitive feature which is key. For my needs Infinite Painter is the winner, and they have several other related programs that are handy like frame-by-frame animation and storyboarding. It is also fantastic at running Windows systems through TeamViewer (and Remote Desktop), TV seems to be faster and with a 4K Windows 10 system performs very well when the system is put into Tablet Mode. It does still come with some bloatware, the current OS is 5.0.2. The hardware is very solid, I got the Samsung Flip Case & one of those heavy duty plastic films for the glass and it seems protected for my level of use. I hadn't done my research and had no idea about Samsung Note line, so this was a new experience, but the resolution of the display is great but sometimes feels like the OS is designed for smaller devices but makes up for it when you are drawing of remoting into a desktop.
R276LDAZXWFGSU	5.0	Super efficient for organizing work and home I can write ...	1	1	Super efficient for organizing work and home I can write a detailed review soon as I am still learning how to use it. Get docu sign with this you will never have to scan fax or copy again...
R96E0GEPA311H	4.0	I am Happy with this Unit	1	1	I am Happy with this Unit. I love the battery life span, can go whole day in use. Only 1 drawback is its too slow in Screen rotation. However Great Device. Wayne
R2MWMQNVUGK3WR	3.0	Be Aware of no USB device support.	3	4	OK, but be aware that the mini USB port will only work when connected to a power adapter or to a PC. It will not work with other USB adapters or devices like a mouse, flash drive.
RH62I6WR5DOWM	5.0	I've had the tablet for almost a year now, ...	1	1	I've had the tablet for almost a year now, I wish I would have bought a tablet a long time ago. It is very versatile, and runs faster than my laptop. It will soon take its place I bet.
RRKCMDSQ7OAIL	5.0	Brilliant!	1	1	Excellent piece of technology. Great for taking quick notes, checking email, playing games, surfing the web, and keeping track of your schedule. Definitely do not regret buying this.
R2JT27HWOAAL03	5.0	Great product	1	1	Arrived on time. what a great gadget to have. so user friendly especially for transferring files etc, unlike other products that are not versatile. battery power awesome. I love it
R1NH0JFAGAKUDT	5.0	A Great Tablet	8	12	I have had the unit for a while now and I am still using it daily. I have fallen in love with Evernote. The battery is lasting me several days between charges unless I am playing games. I can't says anything bad about this unit. Revised - My first Android tablet was the Motorola Xoom. It has served me well and prepared me for the Samsung Note 12.2. The heavy build of the Xoom allowed me to strengthen my muscles so that the Samsung Note 12.2" table is not a problem. So you will not hear me complaining that it is too big or heavy. I can proudly say that I am man enough to handle the 1.5lbs. weight. Its a great tablet and the price is in-line with the value. I did not expect the pen to be so cool. I did get a really good deal on a case here at Amazon. At $5.88 each, I bought a spare. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HZFN2EE/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
R17ZFNXSZ8LMH2	4.0	Thrilled and amazed!	2	3	If the first Note Pro had not been defective I would have given it 5 stars. Wonderful product! I do wish it had a USB port though. However, the customer service that Amazon provides is 5-star all the way. When I discovered the first Note Pro was defective I was preparing myself for a long drawn out process to return it since I had only had it 2 weeks when it died. I started trying to figure a way to replace it because I just knew I would get stone-walled at every turn trying to have it replaced. I went online to contact Amazon about my issue, a couple of clicks and I was done! Expressed overnight free of charge. I was amazed to say the very least. I know where I will buy my next computer or tablet or whatever! I've made 2 additional purchases since. My only suggestion would be to pack the product with more cushion. This may have been the cause of my first Note's demise. Once again, thank you Amazon for proving the art of customer service is not dead.
R1G4YZG5U68ZZR	5.0	Superb product	1	1	I really love this tablet & highly recommend it. It is easy to use, easy to handle, & it is not too big. It's perfect & very lightweight.
R12Q67G3O6NXRA	4.0	Very nice tablet with erratic sensitivity to touch.	0	0	I like the vivid colors, contrast and high definition of the 12" screen. This is a vast improvement from the 10" screen. However in fairness to Samsung the 10" cost a good deal less. When I view them side by side the differences are easily apparent. Vivid colors in the 12" verses mediocre color of the 10", sharp high resolution in the 12", verses mid level pixilation in the 10". However, the 10" has higher touch screen sensitivity than the 12". There are times I have to dampen my finger to force the 12" to respond to my touch, this never happened with the 10". I can't find a sensitivity control on the 12" allowing an increase of the sensitivity setting like Samsung has on their phones. This has proven to be annoying at times, and is unacceptable on such an expensive high end tablet. This should be addressed by Samsung. If the sensitivity issue was resolved I would move my rating to 5 stars.
R2G4MEZWFIKNM4	2.0	I got this because I thought it would be better suited for work than my iPad Air	0	0	I got this because I thought it would be better suited for work than my iPad Air. The Stylus and other features do make it better. But it's heavier. A couple ounces don't sound like much when you read the specs but when you are holding tablets up to your face with one hand while you are pounding beers with the other (or taking notes), or when I'm watching streaming videos in bed, that couple extra ounces really start to feel significant. Also, I do most of my TV watching on tablets. Android tablets won't let me watch Amazon instant videos. I can't watch ABC or NBC. Even though my iPad Air has a cracked screen and I keep having to buy replacement charger cables (another advantage of Android products -you can use plenty of aftermarket products and apps); for my needs, I find I still am using my iPad more than the Note Pro. I think I'll give the Samsung to my kids and get a Surface Pro for work. 6 month update: Screen flickers a lot. Got lots of bugs. Keep getting error messages that Google Play Store is not working even after I deleted it. Error messages pop up every few seconds making it impossible to use this tablet for anything other than as a target for skeet shooting which is what I like to do with this right now. I wish I could get my money back. Best I can do now is to return it get a replacement unit and hope that I have better luck but everything I read on the internet seems to indicate that this happens with this particular device frequently.
R1FV01E6MXXGRY	5.0	Much better than other tablets I looked at	1	1	Much better than other tablets I looked at. Make sure you get the note can do so much more with the device. Love it !!!!
R7KQJUSEW09G4	5.0	I am a very happy user!	1	1	This tablet has replaced my laptop. Install the dolphin browser from Google play to use flash. I am a very happy user!
R23BP9K1L8S78L	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it. First one had defective battery. Second one works great. No probems. I highly recommend this tablet.
R12VHIRPOG4NIK	4.0	Device excellent, Apps not so much.	3	4	Excellent device. The only shortcoming is the shortage of quality apps, especially scientific apps.
RPLW69IS4MT8B	1.0	Other Samsung devices owned by my family are fine, but I would really hate to see what ...	2	3	Unfortunately, this tablet did not work out for my husband. Little glitches began to occur after the Amazon return date. It failed to hold a charge. The tablet's screen appeared tonhsve seizures. Husband submitted several help tickets with Samsung. He took tonthe Samsung customer service center a couple of times. Finally sent it to be repaired. When tablet was sent back, husband opened the box, and the screen was shattered. Couldn't pick up the tablet without protection from glass shards. This particular Samsung tablet purchase was a nightmare. Other Samsung devices owned by my family are fine, but I would really hate to see what would happen if something serious went wrong with one of them.
R219RREHDO1N59	5.0	This Tablet is amazing. The battery life is about 10 hours while ...	2	3	This Tablet is amazing. The battery life is about 10 hours while reading, DAYS if you are a casual user whithout turning it off, a little more than 5-6 hours using a bluetooth keyboard. I've installed a 64gb microSD on it and replace my old laptop with this tablet. It has a fast charge, light weight, amazing display, rich sound and if you really want to use it as a tablet you add a some gadgets to make it work, like a cable to read some USB, a keyboard, a mouse, headphones and so on. I've have this tablet for more than a year and actually suffered from a main board problem which i had to replace and i was amazed to see that even REPARING IT IS CHEAP!! i love this tablet really.
R22Q9RXLMIQTDL	4.0	Nice.	3	4	This was bought for the IT Specialist at work who swears by them as making his job easier.
R3VLYEH0RBBE8P	1.0	Samsung is terrible.	5	7	Can't use any of my keyboards after lollipop update. Samsung is terrible.
R1V5X0WJVLZNPE	5.0	Good product. Meets most of my needs on the ...	0	0	Good product. Meets most of my needs on the go. Very good display, battery life. Processor is quite responsive. I am not a game player but it takes care of all my official apps. Only Limitation: When I use Citrix to remote into my office desktop. It does not look good. the problem is not with Samsung but with Citrix. Citrix chooses to use native resolution of Note Pro which is quite high. With this resolution Windows controls are just too small to be useful. So if you plan to use Citrix for remote access, go for native Windows or wait for Citrix to update their app. You cant adjust resolution of Note Pro unless you are root and I don't want to do that.
RV8M1PDISTFN2	5.0	samsung Note Pro	3	4	Great device i enjoy it. It does it all movies, work, and all but wash my dishes.
RZJJ7EBB5SAIR	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I am really enjoying my tablet, although I probably will never use all of its capabilities.
R2KZO5LSKRO21D	4.0	I LOVE this tablet	1	1	Overall, I LOVE this tablet, but the battery life is pretty terrible with heavy use.
RPLELUIUEQ61B	5.0	Great tablet I have ever used.	0	0	I have never been glad to work with a Tablet like this before. I have hesitated a lot before purchasing it, but it has surpassed my expectations. Good job to Samsung for this great size and design. I have been using Kindle Fire HDX 8.5 for over 2 years and the reasons I chose this Samsung Galaxy are the ability to extend is memory capacity with an external Micro SD Card (up to 128 GB or more), multi window support and its integration with mouse, USB OTG capability, 2K crystal screen, great design. It is a great must have tool for "people born to learn", surfing, reading, multi tasking activities.
R1TQH6R5L1YO6G	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 (64GB, Black)	0	0	This tablet is a perfect fit for me. The apps that were included such as drop box, remote PC and the Hancom suite provide all the flexibility I require in a tablet. I also purchased a USB 3.0 9 pin flash disk adapter cable. I store videos on thumb drives and view them on the tablet. I very rarely use my desk top computer any more. Stopped delivery of the newspapers. My wife and I eash have Samsung tablets ( she has a Galaxy note 10.1) so no more waiting for the newspaper to be delivered in the AM. All our favorite news feeds are on the tablet and we have more room when we have our coffee at the kitchen table.
R1DX9LTKEQDJ6P	5.0	Perfect in Every Way	0	0	My husband ordered my note pro for me thru Amazon. I got the white, 12.2, 64 GB. I do not use it for business. This was over kill for me in the professional department. For me, the screen size is perfect for watching movies, reading books and news, playing games etc. The weight is just fine for me. I normally have it setting on my lap. Perhaps for a business person it may be a bit cumbersome. The note pro comes with goodies. A free year of Bloomberg, NY Times, Amazon Prime, and Samsung discounts. A tiny part of me wishes I could have waited for 4G capability.
R21E8G657VP3LE	5.0	Amazing technology	0	0	First off, i bought a refurbed unit, and the screen was messed up (chance you take to save a buck). My replacement (also a refurb) came quickly and has been perfect. Amazing tablet! Works beautifully. Fast and responsive. Stylus works very naturally. Battery life not as great as my 10-inch but still decent. Packed with all kinds of great apps. 12-inch is definitely the way to go... perfect for viewing the web and doing work. The screen is clear and beautiful. It's really an amazing computer for the price. Haven't yet found anything it can't handle. Highly recommend Samsung's Galaxy Note 12.
R116CODEMF1FE4	5.0	Galaxy Pro 12.2	1	1	Great Tablet.. really fast .... I haven't pick up my laptop since I received it
R35G08T95J9MCJ	5.0	Best in Class!!!	2	3	We feel this is the best tablet on the market. Great graphics, ample power, and plenty of screen space. We have 5 computers, six tablets (including two 7 in. and two 10+ in.) and two phones. It is not even close. Our two 12.2's are the best by far in every way but battery life. and battery life is ample, just not stellar. We use our 12.2's almost constantly. Expensive if you buy new, but the are available "like new" and "refurb" at considerable discount.
R1G49QZMTSR6HW	5.0	Would buy again	0	0	I have been very pleased with this purchase. I would buy my Note Pro again if I needed to. I have not had any regrets with this purchase. That was my fear that I would second guess myself with so many out on the market. Went to 3 Best Buys in Omaha to purchase and had bad or no information. Not being able to test drive this creature at all before the purchase made me hesitant. The pictures are incredible, the ease of use was a smooth transition, I love the size and weight and really don't have a negative with this purchase. I use it for work and home use.
R9A5JA08BJZ	4.0	This is the best tablet I've ever owned	2	3	This is the best tablet I've ever owned. The first thing everyone says when they see it is "Wow, that's huge". I've had the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 for six months now and it's still fast and powerful. The pinpoint stylus is so much better than those bulky rubber nubs that you buy for other touch screens. The only feature I really wish I had is a USB port so I can connect an external harddrive instead of having to transfer files using the Micro SD card.
R3P9UOTH9AKTTU	5.0	Love the real estate on this screen	2	3	Love the real estate on this screen, coming from 10.2 Note tablet. Beautiful display, added a 64 GB card so I have all the storage I need for photos. Connects up with HD TV big screen via home Wi Fi network for some impressive viewing of photo slide shows from the tablet. Fast response time and nice size for writing notes etc. with the pen and no interference from my palm touching the screen. Those things alone make it well worth the extra money to me.
RKJMYNDFBFO6F	5.0	everything they say it is	0	0	This is the tablet to have. I bought this for my husband ,he loves it. He never has had a tablet and is able to pick up all the tech really quick,it's so easy. He loves the fact that you mm can run two to four windows at once . He really wanted a stylist and th one is wonderful. Writing is smooth and very easy to take notes . If this is your first tablet or your third it will be your favorite. The screen quality is just amazing ,they brag about it and rightly so! haven't found any draw backs yet ....having to much fun.
R3RAJOPKFL6XPN	5.0	Fantastic tablet.	0	0	This isn't a PC replacement, but it is a fantastic tablet in general. Only took a week to integrate into my workday. It is big, but that was one of the appealing factors for me. The price is justified, in that it does the things I want it to do in the manner I want to do them. About the only drawback is for Amazon, who I bought this tablet through. Since I can't stream amazon digital video purchases on an Android device (that isn't a Kindle that is), I have lost a major incentive to renew my prime subscription with them.
RAOUYXHFMZRRY	5.0	Great Device	4	6	For my needs, this tablet is perfect. I like to draw, design, and animate which is nice on a 12.2 inch tablet vs a smaller sized tablet. It gets heavy on the hand when used for extended periods of time which makes this device preferable for stationary use. I would suggest considering a smaller sized tablet if your needs are for the "go". But because my needs are "desk-stationary" I give it a 5 star rate.
R2IAUIYX37MA7F	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I use this along with the Square register app. to receive payments
R3K9TUWS4WYSZK	4.0	Really like this tablet	0	0	Really like this tablet. The size and speed have been great. I bought the refurbished model and saved a lot of money. I can't find any flaws with the refurbishment. I have some issues with the Samsung Bloat ware but I expect their bloat when I bought on of their products. The tablet was easy to set up and took all of its updates quickly. If you wish to Root the tablet look around for a rout method that doesn't cause issues with KNOX.
R37780N8WHC0PZ	5.0	This tablet is great!! Ordered 3 nights ago with Priority shipping ...	0	0	This tablet is great!! Ordered 3 nights ago with Priority shipping for PR and i got it last night. Used it today for my classes. This is an excellent tablet for students. I basically replaced all my paper notebooks with this. This will definetly help me be more organized now and have less of a mess in my room and my backpack not to mention that it will be easier now to find my class notes when i want them with just the touch of a screen.
R2D4G19XUCAJTH	5.0	Best tablet I've ever used.	0	0	This is the best tablet I've ever used. The stylus is incredibly useful to write notes and the fact that the screen is so large really makes you feel like you're just using an actual notepad. The performance is also very snappy and the resolution makes reading anything on it a pleasure. I use this for reading sheet music and it performs exceptionally well. The professional reviewers that don't like this tablet are DEAD WRONG.
R2REMHJYX94RPZ	5.0	Great Tablet	0	0	I have had this tablet for a year now. I used SNote for taking notes during the first semester I had it. It was alright, but now I have switched over to lecture notes which I would highly recommend. Battery life has still been fantastic a year later. Glad I went with the bigger note pro for better note taking. The device will lag slightly at times but nothing close to unbearable. Still Glad I made this purchase a year later.
R23GAGDBGZBO6Q	4.0	Just bought this yesterday and I love it.	2	3	I don't have the knowlege that some of the people who write those SUPER LONG reviews. However: I know enough to tell that this is a SUPER tablet. My son has already put his stamp of approval on it (like that matters). Its super fast and after putting the sd card in it got faster as far as the screen not being as sharp as my phione ( I have the galaxy note 3) I can tell when they are side by side but other than that I can't. I have the logitech keyboard with it and that fit me like a glove, The only problem I have is it charges to slow but the battery life is so long so its not a real problem
R29I6C48HO3JFW	5.0	Great product. Very fast boot comparing to my Asus	1	1	Great product.Very fast boot comparing to my Asus TF700t
R1FVUVVAZX4H0W	5.0	The best Note yet.	2	3	This is one super tablet. Have owned every Samsung Note so far, and this is simply the best. Amazing functions, S-pen really great, sound, size, resolution, and speed are excellent. This tablet is wonderful for my art. Also, bought this through Amazon Warehouse used and it came in essentially new condition. Would recommend this to all!!
R3U4I6JYAKZIIA	5.0	The best Note device I've ever seen...and owned!	0	0	This is the top-of-the-line Samsung Galaxy tablet. That it's a Note makes it even better. Although the screen is huge, it's not heavy at all. I have wanted this device ever since it came on the market, and it has exceeded my wildest dreams. All I can keep saying is just "Ohhhhhhh" with the most satisfied, acquisitive pleasure possible. Thanks for making it happen by putting in my price range, Amazon!
R2UYQQM7GTOALX	5.0	Great Device	0	0	I have used it for about two weeks so far afteri got it and it is great. Does everything i want and more. Just buy the keyboard with it and you got yourself a super light laptop replacement. Can't beat it and way cheaper then buying something like the surface from Microsoft. If you just need office and not a desktop replacement then you are set. Works great as a desktop compliment.
R2FRILDSON4269	5.0	I'm a very happy customer! !!	0	0	My previous Samsung tablet was a few years old and beginning to act crazy. It was past time to purchase a new one & I knew exactly what I wanted. I love this ginormous tablet! This is like having a 12 inch tv. I have to have a power tablet for work and travel, so this was the best choice for me. If you're in the market for a power tablet, this is the machine for you.
R2HQG79NQIBIDQ	4.0	If you are concerned about that stylus DONT BE! It handles a REAL WACOM pen	3	5	I've been a sucker for pen tablets since my first Fujitsu Stylistic 3500 (runs, to this day, on its original Windows 98) and my still-cherished NEC Versa Litepad (10" screen, super slim, swappable battery, wifi, running Windows XP 2003) is pulled out now and then to show how Apple actually didn't invent the wheel ;-). Not so much a stylus Android person in that I had a Note2 phone for years that I hardly ever pulled the stick out on, but this 12inch productivity unit always seemed like it might just be worth trying. Yesterday, the day before the release of the S2, I was in my Local Frys store and they had one new unopened 64GB white unit offered for less than the price of the 32 non-note so I splurged. It's a very nice machine. For some reason it seems about as heavy as my Sony Duo11 full Windows machine though I know it is almost a pound lighter but still it's a pretty device. Time will tell if mine develops flashy screen, but it is very nice. Sure does take forever to charge, though. The Lollipop 5.0.2 update arrived on the first reboot, not a huge deal for my needs but I know that is a big deal for others, some say it wards off the flashy screen issue so maybe I'll just be blissfully unaware of the problem. Besides, I broke my pattern and bought the 2 year full store replacement insurance so even if it dies Frys says that they'll give me something new in it's ballpark if it craps out within 2 years - my Asus 7inch died a sad death 3 months after I got it home, a shame because it was cute and they had some neat proprietary apps. In my experience, except for my XOOM which I treat like heck is still cranking away like a tank, waking up to a dead tablet at some point without warning is just the Android chance - my iPad v1 died in a year of casual too, so it's likely just something you have to accept all around from the niche. If you can't afford to lose it without crying and gnashing your teeth, don't gamble and just get a real machine. Heed the advice of the old gadgeteers and performance automobile collectors and say this out loud: It will never match my hopes and dreams so if I can't easily afford to lose it then I should not buy it. Period. Now about that pen. There are quite a few reviews mentioning that if you lose yours then you'll be very sorry. Actually, I had a surprise... If you have a REAL Wacom "Penabled" stylus, the kind with the "eraser" on the back end, then you get the full Wacom experience in that you write on the screen and then flip the pen over and can erase the areas you want gone. Not just the way old-school (for Windows old timers that is) loop-selecting and pressing a Delete icon but a full eraser experience. I just used a Wacom pen from my old Fujitsu T4220. If you select this line and put it in the Amazon search you should come up with the exact white-with-black-eraser one I'm taking about but any old Wacom should do it for you. "Fujitsu Lifebook T4200 Series Tablet PC Stylus Pen" No, it wont fit in the tablet's tiny pen holder, and the stock nib on a Wacom doesn't have that weird/neat mushy feel that the included stylus has but you get a better experience because a Wacom pen is a full human-sized pen - with an eraser. I see the MaxiPad was just unveiled today with its stylus, so Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave but Apple fans now are let in on the secret that the rest of us have known about since 1999 and they will all swear that Apple invented it ;-) ... styli make enough things better that they make sense to have as an option and if your concern of losing your branded Samsung stick on this machine was holding you back now you know that it's not a big deal.
R1C7O6CRED2PHC	5.0	I like the leather backing	0	0	I bought this tablet to replace my older Note 10.1 because the screen stopped detecting s-pens. This tablet is huge! I like the leather backing; it is comfortable to hold, and non-slip. I was happy to see that this tablet works with the older s-pen because I have an older s-pen in my s-pen holder, which I love because it makes sketching and writing much more comfortable. This tablet can run everything smoothly so far. I love it! Pros: Long battery life (I went about 8 hours or so without recharging with full use). The leather backing. The screen size. Compatibility with older s-pens. The processing speed. The graphics (very nice looking with high resolution). Cons: Heavy for a tablet. Too wide to thumb type comfortably with stock keyboard (I installed Swiftkey keyboard which has a thumb type setting. Love it!).
R369XX3H0LWW15	5.0	Galaxy Pro has it all.	0	0	Purchased for my husband. He loves the functionality and amazing graphics. The stylus is a great feature. He loves the pages feature which you can customize.
R2M71INQDHOGCG	5.0	If you love Samsung, you need this!	0	0	Product arrived on time and in perfect condition. Need I say more. All the previous reviews are bogus. Great product. Great value. Great experience
R3AOSHWQRUOPPQ	5.0	Writing seems to work....	0	0	This is nice tablet and meets my need for a computer that minimizes my keyboard use. I have been having problems with my fingers fortyping. However, I find that the on screen keyboard is too smallfor my hands. I heard about sliding my finger on the screen keyboad but still havent figured that one out.
R239II5A3Y6YLY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Not perfect, just very close
R3FFGPQZEZFGKN	5.0	Great product!	0	0	Samsung is a great line of product, whether it is for computing, appliances or else. I love it!
R2JCYFH76W5X22	5.0	Great niche tablet!	0	0	Straight and to the point Pros: Stylus and note taking support Awesome drawing capability, nothing in this price range comes close Great bright and colorful display Impressive battery life for moderate to heavy use Good perks and freebies come with device Mostly lag free and few crashes Web browser and reading are great due to large screen On board memory is high Cons: Hard to play some games due top size and weight Some games are not optimized well for this device, Asphalt 8 plays terrible Samsung apps tend to crash a bit like S Note Battery takes forever to charge Magazine UX is lame, I used a launcher right out of the box to get rid of it. Settings are a bit of a chore to get through This is a great niche tablet, I want a tablet that can create as well as consume and this is the best for the price based on what I have read. It is a heavy tablet but light and thin for the size. Gaming can be tricky but I am getting the hang of it.
R3SR7HABKDL3SU	5.0	Awesome Tablet	0	0	I purchased this for myself for Father Day. It works awesome. I compare it to my wife's Ipad and there is no comparison. I do wish it came with a USB connection.
RU1A7PJZ9HIIJ	5.0	ABSOLUTELY the BEST Tablet by FAR !!	0	0	Okay, although I might be slightly biased toward Samsung products, I still have to admit that this image quality, speed, reception, responsiveness and just over all user friendliness of this device is phenomenal !!! I also own the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phone. Within seconds, my devices are sync'd and backed-up for Instant Recovery.
R1ZG4PMR0VVIDH	5.0	worth the investment	0	0	Screen is great for reading watching movies including picture taking. Multi-tasking on it is awesome would I recommend this tablet yes if you can afford it go for it.
R1WGSJEQ5AGHYS	5.0	Learning something new everyday	0	0	I have had 4 different tables and this is by far the best one I have ever had. Forget about the size. Yes size doesn't matter. This tablet is packed with so much. I am learning something new from it everyday. I have had this table for over 2 months and it still amazes me. Be sure to check of the Samsung apps loaded on the tablet. So many things to do here it will astound you. Buy it and you will never want another tablet.
RVKFTR0JIJK89	5.0	Perfect--right out of the box.	0	0	Pros: Big Gorgeous display Expandable memory Great video & great camera Con: A tad heavy after holding it a while
R2NZEJEODVN8JX	5.0	Excellent tablet!!	0	0	I bought this tablet used and it was in perfect condition! Excellent tablet for everyday and business use! The only drawback is its a little heavy and bulky...
R2ZDCACVLW45ZY	5.0	LOVE IT!!!!	0	0	While I While I may be new to tablets and note pads I think this unit is great, I am sure it has cons compared to others but I think those probably have MORE cons than this one. Great to work with, you can use a mouse and keyboard, add memory and use USB’s. Battery life is GREAT!!! I can last most of the day with average use!
R3RLL8DR3YKT2R	5.0	Fantastic buy	0	0	I was worried about buying it refurbished at first but turned out to be in perfect condition! Not a single scratch. Fantastic tablet, 110%!!
R2E2F3D96MC8LY	5.0	Good product	0	0	I love the tablet because it fits my lifestyle. The stylus with the tablet works beautifully. I would recommend this product to friends.
R3Q55HAGO6IO1F	5.0	Great 12" tablet	0	0	I wanted a big tablet with great speed and this fit the bill. Yes it was a bit expensive but I think it is wonderful! Battery life is good but I find it drains a little quicker than I anticipated so I charge it throughout the day especially if I use it quite a bit.
R3SPJA191VFEO8	5.0	Great purchase	0	0	It is everything I needed I luv my windows 8 touch screen laptop but having something more portable is just what I needed
R2UDSBV0ODWYNR	5.0	Great tablet for everything.	0	0	I updated the tablet from the first Galaxy note tablet to this one. I am so surprised that the Samsung provided a lot of their technologies to make tablets much better. Now, I am using this tablet instead of using my Window 8 laptop. I am a graphic designer and illustrator, thus I am drawing ideas often. And, this tablet has all what I was looking for. This one comes with the free Sketchbook Pro for galaxy. You do not have to buy any of apps to draw. It is enough to draw and colorings. If you are so concering about the touch sensitivities, I recommend the Ipad. Because this tablet does not seem that the sensitivities are so great. If you are making a lot of notes, this tablet is going to be your favorite. The S Note does not read your hand sensitivity, but only the pen. Thus, you can simply draw or write with your hand laying on the screen as if Wacom tablets.
R3BC4H4BVD4ZD0	5.0	Like the large screan	0	0	This tablet has more features then I will ever use. I use it every day and am still learning more about it and its capabilities.
RRD3T5JQBJ4QY	5.0	A movie lovers dream tablet	0	0	I wanted to upgrade my Toshiba Thrive to something newer and this is about as new as I could get. I am a fan of watching hbo go and youtube and wanted a good size screen. The 12 inch is marvelous and beutuful. For those saying it is too big, I say you are weenies. I can hold it just fine in one hand and it is super thin for its size. I love this tablet. You will too if you enjoy watching movies like me.
RHPQ6VHJ8GMPW	5.0	Android Tablet ON Steroids	0	0	This things rocks. You name it it can do it. Hand writing with the pen, read and write office product on a superb 12" screen and watching movies is like your own little movie theatre.
R129B84GSCDNGY	5.0	great tablet	0	0	I love this! I am now on my tablet more than my PC. Replaced a google nexus 7 with this.
R2OXLRMWV20ZB	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 rating	0	0	This unit is a very good tablet with a very high resolution screen and has many useful apps to choose from.
R14KLLEC0W2NS5	5.0	Very satisfied!	0	0	I used to believe in the IPad, however I decided to purchase the galaxy note and I don't regret it. It is faster and the camera resolution is better. I love to keep notes and most of the time I need to write right away, I just pull out the pad's stylus, write, and save. There are many other functions to be used, that I just don't have the time to describe. I highly recommend this product. I am a believer and a fan.
R2TJBRR53CRXMV	5.0	fantastic tablet	0	0	The first tablet arrived damaged but amazon had a new one for me next day. Great service!!!. The tablet itself is fantastic. The screen is clear and bright. Has plenty of power to run games and programs. Hardly use my desktop anymore.
R2K8KBXICKN4TI	5.0	I have been very happy with this purchase	0	0	I know that part of my satisfaction is due to the fact that this is my second tablet after using my original Motorola Xoom for years (yes..really...) The speed on this thing basically makes it feel like a laptop. I have experienced no lag in application launches, internet browsing, screen flipping, etc. I use this tablet both at work (taking handwritten Evernote notes in all of my meetings) and at home (as a browser and media machine.) I've been using it for a few months, and at this time I can say that I do not have a single complaint. It is odd to me how reviews and some people who see it think it is too large...I acclimated to the screen size very quickly and it does not feel oversized at all.
R7G59CXB967QP	5.0	LOVE IT !!!!	0	0	I've had this tablet for 24 hours now, and already I can't see how I survived without it before. I first fell in love with the Samsung Note's when I upgraded my phone to the Samsung Note 3. Now here I am buying the top of the line Note Pro 12.2, which should make life much easier now that I can leave my Alienware 17" laptop at home.
R4JVULEH6384I	5.0	Super	0	0	I love this Note Pro, especially how it has split screens for multiple projects at the same time. Yeah for Samsung.
RRQ030ZSINBEK	5.0	Love it! Apple sure has competition	0	0	Love it! Apple sure has competition. In some ways I like the galaxy better than the ipad. The only thing is I don't have a Samsung phone to sync to. Set up is easy, love the stylus feature. Display is outstanding. Apps work seamlessly!
R2ADH8JBGYGP9B	5.0	Always loved the note products	0	0	I have a galaxy Note 3 (upgraded from the Note 1), and so when this came out I upgraded from my Galaxy Note 10.1. The larger screen is a welcome change, especially using office apps in a pinch. The screen is gorgeous, the tablet is generally easy to use with the added features using the pen. It performs quite well and the battery is good for several days of normal use. I wished samsung included a micro usb to standard usb OTG adapter, would make using existing extras easier. But overall, love this tablet! Would be nice to set Google NOW as one of the home screens, instead of just an app you can access...
R3HRFAW3F8F6QC	5.0	This is a great piece of technology, get one and enjoy it like I do.	0	0	This is a great piece of technology, it's easy to use, and as I see it wonderfully effective, easy to transport, and something I am seeking to use to replace my older Microsoft systems with, it should better in so many ways.get one and enjoy it like I do. I am happy I made this purchase.
RBN60LD4ADBA0	5.0	Excellent Purchase	0	0	This tablet does not disappoint. Setting it up was a breeze and it performs to all my expectations - and more. I love the S-pen features (i.e., air command) and the multi-tasking ability. I have been able to be very productive using multi-tasking. The full size virtual keyboard is great and the Office program that came with the tablet - Hancom Office - has been perfect. I can work on the same documents on my Tablet or PC without a problem. Also, the larger size is wonderful; it is not too big (especially when multi-tasking). And it's very light weight.
R2I688OO2PTL0Y	5.0	bigger is better	0	0	Great gadget. Awesome screen. Excellent quality In every material. Magazine software could work better. Multiscreen is good and useful. 9.5 .
RP65DH87ZBG9D	5.0	Great tablet, $100 overpriced in my opinion	0	0	i have sm-p9000zwfxar 64gb 12.2 bought for $800. If you like value don't get it. Its about $100 over priced in my opinion. Solid and good tablet for note taking which is what it's made for. It's android so you get so much more utility over an iPad, I have both.
RD2ZU82MW1Y5U	5.0	Excellent tablet	1	1	The best tablet, it meets all my expectations
R3JOUV6T8KES9R	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it. Had the 10.1, this is even better!
R2K6HJ25QZRG7K	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Better than Ipad with larger screen to see.
R3X6CEY2KI9T4	3.0	pretty good.	5	8	I watched a lot of reviews and I was really excited to get this tablet (wifi model). Let me just say I was not impressed at all!The screen is great. It's awesome for watching movies or netflix, also its great to have a large surface to use the stylus on. The point where this product falls flat is performance. It's so glitchy and laggy. It just doesn't run smooth. The transitions on the home screen are choppy as hell. The multi window barely works. And slows down the device so much it's unbelievable. Especially coming from using my Note 4. Samsung really embarrassed themselves with this one. I bought it from Adoroma Camera through amazon, and their policy is you can not return tablets once you take them out of the box and remove the plastic from them. Otherwise I would send it back in a heartbeat. Take it from me, this is not a high end device. It runs like a laggy choppy low to mid end device. I love samsung phones. I am so happy with my lightening fast note 4. But the exynos processor is just not upto par. I really wanted to like this tablet . I am so mad I wasted my hard earned money on it. Don't believe the positive reviews! Google search note 12.2 pro, slow and laggy, and see for yourself. Update: I found touchwiz was the major issue with tablet. I ended up installing Apex launcher on the note pro. It made a huge difference. It hasn't frozen once since using the diffrent launcher. Swiping through home screens is fast and smooth. The performance still isn't what I'd hope for. But using a different launcher will make a world of difference. Give it a try if you bought this tablet.
R1X6IL5241C9TB	5.0	the SPen functions really well and is accurate the 12" screen is excellent for movies or work and plays HD content with ...	0	0	So far this tablet has performed well I can work on projects without hauling around a laptop, the SPen functions really well and is accurate the 12" screen is excellent for movies or work and plays HD content with good clarity, I hope Samsung next generation model is just as good . For me this was a good purchase
R2A37F2LXVGAZX	5.0	awesome	0	0	The only tablet I've ever owned was an iPad 3rd generation. This is my first android and I love it. I really like the s pen included and I feel like I can draw so much better than on my old, sadly broken, iPad. Granted, I do miss certain things about my iPad but I'm loving this experience and don't regret it one bit.
R2F7CURQFK5MFB	5.0	Best Tablet out there in my opinion	0	0	Love this tablet. My wife has a ipad. This is totally way better then the ipad. I did a lot of research on all ipads and tablets. The pixel quality and sound is ten fold better then the ipad has to offer. I highly recommend this product. I haven't had any issues over the last 3 months with it. I use it a lot. Thanks.
R1RZ4QU2KRTP6T	4.0	A little Disappointed	5	8	When the Asus Transformer Infinity first came out, it was supposed to be the greatest Android tablet so I purchased it and was very unhappy. It was slow and buggy. I hated the Asus tablet so much, I've been using an iPad for everything. I was excited to get this tablet, I don't like Apple and wanted a decent Android tablet. I have to admit I'm a little disappointed. From the specs, I thought this thing would fly. However it still is laggy and I've found myself still using an old iPad 2 because some games and apps I regularly use just work better on it. I love how open and configurable the Android OS is, just wish it worked a little better. Something I don't understand is my phone is the Note 3 and it works great. This tablet basically is a big version of my phone but it has lag I don't have with my phone. **Edit - I'm changing my review from 3 to 4 stars. Changing some settings suggested in the comments and using Nova Launcher has made the tablet quicker. The few frustrations that I still have are probably more to do with Android and not this tablet. Overall I'm very happy with the tablet, especially since my previous Android tablet was the Asus.
R39AZU99FCYI8R	5.0	Love this beast	2	3	Love this beast! I did use the review posted by C. Carmona and found it very helpful. Only thing I noted was the built in movie player is shy of being able to play all the major formats, you will have to use another movie player or get a converter.
RUXZOZXJRZD8P	5.0	I'm impressed	0	0	This tablet is very impressive. Since the day I bought it, I'm still finding out new things about it. The only downside I have to say about this tablet is that, like many other electronic devices except laptops, Adobe Flash Player does not work. Other than that, this tablet is simply amazing and worth the cost.
R3UY5OI8B1H0NE	5.0	better than I expected...	1	1	Better than I expected, amazing product.
RLDXFUUC9CKDK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Business oriented device Excellent
R253Q1RJMVUDA4	1.0	Worked fine and then started charging off and on	2	3	will not come on. Worked fine and then started charging off and on, then would not come on at all. Tried everything told to do. Took yo service center but they didn't know what to do. They recommended buying something else.
R34OSTLUS9HYNM	5.0	I LOVE IT!	0	0	I Love this thing. I've had mine for 2 weeks now .this is my 3rd TABLET and there is no comparison. I thought the size would be combersomb but its not bad at ALL. IM writing this Review using the stylus pen. I write Like Im using paper and it transfers it to text. f*$@ing Amazing!
R1UE8GO0ICSSG8	5.0	Nice tablet	0	0	Great tablet! loaded a bunch of raster maps... large files. they seemed to load the operating system down, slowing the speed, acting like that of a 1 year old smartphone. Despite this I would still recommend this tablet. Its lightweight and has everything Android has to offer.
R1233TFYMKI9N4	5.0	I really liked this tablet but had to return it because I ...	0	0	I really liked this tablet but had to return it because I needed to be able to work in a true Java environment for my company. The picture is awesome and it can do so many things well. I ended up having to go to a surface pro 3 instead which was twice the price but has java.
R1LK13ADFOT4K5	4.0	battery life has been great (except when watching constant streams as with anything)	0	0	I was skeptical of this tablet when I got it, but it has performed well, battery life has been great (except when watching constant streams as with anything), the computing power has been above and beyond that I have seen in most tablets. Too pricey though.
R2N452WP22SKX3	5.0	All I can say is yes I would recommend it to a friend or family over the ipad	0	0	I choose this over a apple ipad and haven't regretted it ... it has done all and more of what I hope for. I know that they want these reviews to be pacific and detailed... All I can say is yes I would recommend it to a friend or family over the ipad.
R16385I7IMQCQC	5.0	Great product. Well built	0	0	Great product. Well built. Fast. FANTASTIC graphics. Hancock Office is great, the closest to Microsoft Office I've seen yet. A few things I'd like to see added to the software, and I'm hoping it gets the Lollipop upgrade. . We' ll see.
R66J0YNWD3BYA	4.0	Very good device.	1	2	I have enjoyed the Lolipop update as it had made the tablet faster and more stable in my applications. I found the tablet to slow way down after the first couple apps were opened and then it had to be rebooted. Now it is much faster with several apps open. I do not use any Bluetooth devices so I am not impacted negatively by the new update. However, there are major problems reported with Bluetooth connectivity to devices, so read other reviews if that applies to you. I love the extra screen real estate that this device gives. The resolution is excellent and the colors vivid. Business and entertainment content looks great on the screen. I like the pen, but I do not use it a lot. Note taking in meetings is OK, but beyond that I do not use the pen much. This is my first non-iPad tablet. I really like the iPad but wanted the larger screen. I rarely had problems with apps on the iPad, but I have problems often on the Android platform. It is no different from the problems I have with my Android phone. Some apps just do not like to work, or they cause crashes. I do not blame this device, it is the different business models of the two systems. Apple is more closed, but better quality control. Android is more open with lots of different hardware configurations. Overall, I really like the tablet and have been happy with my purchase.
R1IQDCQQD800U8	4.0	Galaxy 12.2 is great	0	0	Very pleased with this tablet. The picture quality is much better then the iPad which I also own. 12.2 is the perfect size for watching videos. Highly recommend the Galaxy 12.2 over the iPad. Great replacement for a laptop also.
RP6P4D35A29FF	5.0	I love my pro it's so nice better then a laptop ...	0	0	I love my pro it's so nice better then a laptop and so fast there is so much you can do with it. I had the note 8 so small. Even my grandkids fight over it.well worth the money!! The size is so much better thanks samsung!!
R33QU8H5LN90Y	5.0	Cannot beat for price and features. ....add USB port flash and what more can you want.	0	0	Love this. All I could want. Just wish for flash of some kind. Maybe I am missing something at the app store. So multipurpose. Blue tooth is great. Sound and picture is excellent. This is from a multi generally iPad user
R304BQ7MALBGI6	5.0	Everything I wanted.	2	3	Perfect. Simply perfect. If you don't mind the weight, this is the best Android tablet you can get as a student. Completely replaced all of my books and notebooks.
RSYGMUSN85F5V	5.0	Quite useful	0	0	Quite happy with the product. Far more useful than the 10" version and I quite frankly enjoy the little addons! I use this to take notes at work, it's weird at first but it becomes more practical than paper!
R2XQK1M0CMP5ET	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 beats all	0	0	This is the best tablet that I have brought, and I have quite a few, Nexus 7, Windows Surface, just to name a few. My Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 is the bomb, it far exceeds all the rest...
R3OINB62OXEONR	5.0	I absolutely love this tablet	0	0	I absolutely love this tablet. If you're in the market for a larger tablet this one is it. You'll thank yourself for investing in it. The screen is gorgeous and the processor is speedy.
RW20RMOEOEJAR	3.0	Beautiful display.	0	0	Had to return due to screen flickering. Understand that this is a common problem. Decided to try the tab s 10.5. Worked well until problem began after a few weeks. Beautiful display.
R10ZDLHTRLIOY2	5.0	Thanks Samsung	0	0	Bought for a friend and he loves it a lot. Used it everyday and is comfortable and happy with it. Used it for school and all his projects. Just need the updates to come out faster.
R2XBGBESR5BQM1	5.0	Loving my Note Pro	0	0	Works perfectly out of the box. Size makes it perfect for sketching. Pressure sensitive S pen is really nice. purchased for 450 on an Amazon Warehouse deal, and couldn't be happier.
R1G3I1TRJY7Y27	5.0	Excellent device!!	0	0	Excellent item exactly as described. A super purchase at a great price that is packed with features and easy to use... Arrived sooner than expected, super service+++. Thank you!!!
R3QQBT8XNL8A3A	5.0	really like the bigger screen	0	0	Upgrade from previous 10.1, really like the bigger screen. Other than that is the same thing in general. But, as I needed/wanted a laptop alternative it did fill that function.
R15LY9IEM5X44W	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	Had a problem with the video playback feature(jerky) mfg issue, got a replacement. Still learning all the features and how to use, great tablet! Very happy with my purchase.
R13HMR79L5ZBO7	5.0	I am 100% happy with my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12	0	0	I am 100% happy with my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2, However I can not use a screen protector on it because the S-Pen digs into the plastic screen protector that I installed.
R20LBKKBSL6U3V	5.0	Don't be a squinty eyed Neanderthal	1	2	Best tablet on the market for two can't live without reasons. 1. SIZE. Watching movies, reading Kindle, magazines, Web pages on this size is a delight. Like the iPhone 6 apple knows this and will eventually come out with a larger more functional size to save it's loyal yet squinty eyed fan base. Is it too big? No dummy it feels great in hand, it's the size of a typical book. Do you remember the Apple commercials that claimed you could not handle the Samsung s4 larger size because your thumbs could not move that far? OK if you believe the smaller is better mantra you are just another Apple lemming helping them pad their margins. 2. Stylus. Makes going back to touch alone make you feel like a Neanderthal. Has the functionality of a mouse with the same intuitive wonder and simplicity of touch. All other differences are insignificant. Performance is excellent as far as speed, screen resolution, intuitive functions etc.
R3IOAGVOB9FYB2	5.0	I'm in love with my Note Pro 12	0	0	I'm in love with my Note Pro 12.2.....It is perfect for reading while laying down in bed. I use it to study with and I wish I could buy everybody I know one of these.
R315NBK54L2GPN	5.0	super product	0	0	I have only owned this for a week but I am loving it. I use the Note Pro on a daily bases and paired with the bluetooth keyboard , the tablet works great. A Great buy
R3FGVNEKJGN8U	5.0	Galaxy Note Pro 12.2, 64Gb	0	0	Beautiful powerful tablet with high end specs and smooth operation. Excellent size suited those who want laptop-like handling coupled with tablet convenience.
R151K94A0R963G	5.0	... for 20 years spent 20 years waiting for this amazing piece of	2	3	Outstanding piece of hardware - been a programmer for 20 years spent 20 years waiting for this amazing piece of tec
R1B64S1O405KB6	5.0	Next best thing you can get to a Surface Pro 3	0	0	Next best thing you can get to a Surface Pro 3. If you attach a keyboard to this, it pretty much turns into a laptop. I highly recommend this over other tablets.
R29QG8JP9SDYU	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	The greatest tablet.
R2SBZWA7V9TP2M	5.0	Pretty good except sideSync can not linked with Samsung Galxy ...	0	0	Pretty good except sideSync can not linked with Samsung Galxy S II. And somehow did not downloaded automatically so had to download manually though.
R3DQ3VIIHJUHDP	5.0	Said it Before and Saying it Again. I Love Samsung!	0	0	Love this tablet! It is large enough to be a laptop but perfect for long plane rides. Great battery life and speed. Couldn't be happier with it.
RQY3WYF7L4343	5.0	so far so good	0	0	Love the big screen. Wasn't sure if it would be too much, but it's not at all. Got this to replace my Samsung galaxy(1st model). Such a difference!
R3D2DY2LY65A6Y	5.0	Great tablet, worth the price.	0	0	This is a very fine tablet. I upgraded from my 7" Galaxy. The keyboard is large, the screen bright. I can't say enough good things about it.
R1Q9XROGNWK91Q	5.0	Much Better than the IPad!	0	0	Wow, 12.2" looks great. Throw a keyboard on this things and you've a laptop. Great graphics, quality construction and awesome features.
R1C2JYRTM61LTI	5.0	Great addition to my electronics	0	0	Great addition to my electronics! Can do just about everything I want.... Probably can do it all just haven't had it long enough to see! 😊
R163SUHHWEK18N	5.0	Awesome bundle.	0	0	Love the screen size and features. Just need to get used to it. This is my first tablet and I am pretty excited about it. Worth the price!
R1T19KKCZWOP42	5.0	I chose the Rolls Royce of tablets, don't settle ...	0	0	I chose the Rolls Royce of tablets, don't settle for an IPad! It's the replacement for your nagging Girl Friend, without the head-trips!
R36PUGJ7WBXKUP	5.0	Galaxy note pro 12.2	5	8	Love the 12 inch format and handwriting ability. I like to draw (not very good at it ) but hate to type. I'm not a student or business person but I like this tablet . I use the handwriting for almost everything. Had the original Note 10.1 first but like the 12inch better . Kind of $$ but this is my computer. This is just what I was looking for .
R1P7K69W3F03BL	5.0	12.2 Galaxy Note Pro. In one word, Amazing.	0	0	Fast, amazing screen. Better than my I - PAD and my galaxy 10.1 2014. Look no further. This is the best tablet up to this day.
RPS5RQK57M6OK	3.0	Would be a great tablet, but external SD card writing capability is crippled	6	10	Very happy with the graphics and speed of this tablet. With power saving mode on and using thmenu system is easy to use and chock Full of Features too. I misht be bold to say, this Suite turnse tablet moderately, with a variety of apps, I was able to get more than 10 hours out of the battery. I was mainly inside, so I was able to use the tablet with a lot lower screen brightness than I would if I had been outside. This will make a difference, and in this case the tablet will not yield 10 hours. The main disappointment, of this tablet, and my , main reason of giving the tablet 3 stars, is the fact that external SD card storage capability is greatly diminished due to its use of Android 4.4. The only apps that will be able to save our modify data on the external SD card are pre installed applications. So the stock camera, Hancom Office Suite, etc., will work. If you install a custom camera, or any thing else from Google play, at the time of this writing, you cannot save data, or move the apps to SD card. You can however, still read from the SD card. Any modified files will have to be saved to the internal storage. I don't like this restriction, and I can't possible see any good coming out of it. If you rely heavily on SD card usage, do not buy this tablet. If however, you can get by with the roughly 22GB of storage you have left after installing Hancom Office, then it shouldn't be a problem. People might say to blame Google, and not let this affect the product rating, but this limitation affects my experience, and Samsung and other manufacturers should pressure Google into fixing this! Speaking of Hancom Office, when you get your new tablet, it comes with the Hancom viewer pre-installed, but you must install the applications to be able to edit and create documents. I can't speak for everyone, but the download, install, and updates took a very long time; several hours. I was not on a slow connection, my home router is an AC one which this tablet utilizes very well. Although you must manually download the application, you are still able to save and modify files on the SD card. One last note on this is that you may manage the Hancom updates through the included Hancom Office Updater, but it is not managed through Google play or Samsung Apps. Hancom Office is the best Android MS Office replacement I've tried. Beats all the others, hands down. I don't want to do a full review on this application as you can go to YouTube and watch hands on videos of it, but I will tell you it has many of the features Word, Excel, and PowerPoint have, and by default, saves files in these formats. I'm a heavy user of Excel, and it was hard to find an Excel formula that wasn't recognized. With word, you have access to shapes, etc. which the other office replacements don't even come close to having.have access to shapes, pictures, fonts, Formatting, etc. which the other office replacements don't even come close to having. The menu system is easy to use and chock Full of Features too. I might be bold to say, this suite turns this tablet into a productive mobile office. It might not have all the features You need, but it's real close. As with all Galaxy Note products, this tablet comes with the S-Pen which works very well. The integrated handwriting to text application is very accurate too. I have sloppy handwriting and it recognizes my handwriting better than Swype does. Of course, Swype is much faster, but for those who like to write "Old School", you will be fascinated. I only wish you could control the pause delay time, because I wind up making mistakes when I pause for a second, because the text moves to the left side of the screen before I'm done writing. It's not a big deal, but I'd like more control over that. What's really cool is that when you install an additional language, the handwriting to text engine recognizes the words of the currently selected language, not just English. The Sketchbook Pro app included pre-installed is very awesome if you are an artist. Checkout Youtube, and search for " Galaxy Note 12.2 Sketchbook Pro". Even if you're not an artist it's still awesome anyway. 0verall, I would recommend this tablet to anyone without the need of saving data to the external from user installed applications, or attempting to move apps to ext. SD card.
REVWY2IP95RK0	5.0	The best tablet for sketching and handwritten notes	1	2	I bought this tablet to draw as a hobbyist.This tablet came out in the year 2014. Before that I was using galaxy note 10.1 in 2013. I was happy with the 10.1 edition. But when this tablet was released The upgrades by Samsung really impressed me. (Also the price shot up too) But if one loves taking handwritten notes and drawing with a pointed stylus then this tablet is unbeatable. It even competes with professional drawing tools like cintiq.( I also own a cintiq 22 hd). The price is a concern but I conclude that it is money well spent. I mount a tablet cover ( by SNUGG) which helps me wrap this tablet around my palm with a band and the sketching experience is awesome
RV1ORE4TX1F1I	5.0	Love it!	0	0	So far, so good. No problems with the tablet at all. But the keyboard is still pending -- from before Christmas mind you.
R2TFM1W0I84DBC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I just like it.
RD1HI4RZNAO5O	4.0	Screen flickers	3	5	The screen started flickering a few months. Once fully charged it is better. Now after 12 months of use it flickers even with 75% charge. It is getting useless for quite an expensive purchase. [Update] Called Samsung service and after talking to a few reps, they took it back for repair even it was 1 month over the 1 year warranty. Happy about their service although it was no, no, no, no and finally yes. Will see if the problem still exists.
R2O1J8A0PM1KCT	5.0	Love the Galaxy Note Pro	0	0	Love the Galaxy Note Pro. I like that it has the stylus and its very effective. I have nothing bad to say about it.
RWIV7U4P9ZRHD	5.0	Love this tablet.	0	0	LOVE THIS TABLET. Takes a little bit to learn since it's a little different from the others tablets, but great.
R3C14HJF8S4Y91	5.0	Love it	0	0	Beyond great. Get the key board and you are unstoppable with technology. Syncs with all Samsungs products.
RPYKU7C24T7BS	4.0	Im in like with it - big screen makes it a bit heavy.	1	2	I got it for the being able to write with the pen instead of the other note that doesn't include the pen stylus. I like the size for writing and for browsing, its like a full piece of paper. It is a bit heavy. It is good for typing if you lay it flat, but sitting on the couch and typing, it is a little awkward, I actually prefer my note 3 for typing notes, because i can type with just my thumbs faster. I haven't used all the features yet, but haven't fallen in love yet. Not sure if I would prefer a smaller screen that is easier to handle or not yet. I do like watching tv on it.
RQCOGLBM4F69J	5.0	I loved my own so much that we had to buy ...	0	0	I loved my own so much that we had to buy one for my husband. Arrived on schedule, and in perfect order.
R2LOVX8CZLQWP0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Handles like a laptop but not as bulky or heavy. Impressive display very sharp & clear. Great product.
R28I3WPY4DR79I	5.0	Love this Tablet	3	5	Love this Tablet. Will never use Laptop except when I might need to see a CD. Bought USB adapter to use my Thumb drives.
R3SC22W48VNFXZ	5.0	Awesome!!!	3	5	What a great tablet. I was looking for something this size for a long time. If you want a larger screen go for it. Do not listen to the people that say it is too heavy. For a screen of this size it is really not heavy at all. Time to retire the old ipad 3. I am now sold on Samsung yet again. They really do make outstanding products.
R28JF7HECCMOCV	1.0	It worked great for the first six months	1	2	It worked great for the first six months... and then it started to overheat. I've sent it in for repairs three times. Each time they replace the battery then send it back, saying its fixed. If you are a heavy user of tablets you will churn through a lot of batteries owning this device (about 1 every 3 months). After sending in the tablet one last time in a vain hope that they would fix it they informed me that they are aware that the device overheats and ruins the batteries but that their is nothing they can do to fix it.
RUJIEFYKX6Q0	5.0	It is a very good purcahse. Now	0	0	It is a very good purcahse. Now, I am able to read kindle books, see my email, review papers, etc
R1I14GZB5P8ZQZ	4.0	A Hit in My iPad Loving Household	4	7	My children have been using this a lot the last couple weeks, and for what they use it for: watching Netflix and YouTube it has been great. They love the huge screen, which can be propped up anywhere convenient. It's fit in nicely with our iPads, which are also mainly portable TVs to the children. I'm more of a Web browser, so I miss Safari and other iOS apps. I should mention that I make my living writing iPhone and iPad apps, so I might be expected to be unimpressed by this upstart. But, Samsung has made a compelling product in a very Samsungy way. They mainly just threw whatever features they could conjure into a box with really nice specs and hoped enough of it worked out to make people like it. So it's a big wide screen tablet, which makes it mainly a video watching machine. But, you can use split screen multitasking which makes better use of the space. So I can have Chrome and YouTube on the screen at once. It adds something useful. It's rough and feels hacky, and isn't quite as nice as the same feature in IOS 9, but it makes this huge wide screen practical. I've found myself browsing the web in the awkward portrait mode, but it shows a lot of content and works better than landscape. The stylus isn't quite as useful as I would have hoped, but my 8 year old daughter took to drawing with it, and when in use, it is smooth, responsive and quite capable of creating pixel art. I am not a fan of styli, so I haven't done much with it. But, it is much nicer than any stylus you can buy for the current iPad, yes even better then the 53 Pencil. The tablet was designed from the ground up to use one, and it shows. The camera is OK. I am not one to mock people who take photos with tablets. It takes pictures, front and back. There are numerous options. You have the world's largest viewfinder. Bluetooth devices work pretty well. I took a few tries to pair my Bose headphones with it, but once paired the audio quality was fine. Same with WiFi. I've had no troubles connecting with the various brands of WiFi hubs in the house; it even connected easily to my iPhone's hotspot. Construction is semi-decent. The "leather" back is comfortable and warm. The chrome ring is cheap and old fashioned. The seams are a bit wide. I'm glad there is a mini-SD slot, because 32 GB is not a lot these days. The stylus is a bit cheap feeling. The worst part of the tablet is the home button which an unreliable and creaky. Other than the split screen feature, I would probably have preferred stock Android, and I really miss the keyboard from my iPad. Also, TouchID and good battery life. This one comes with that ridiculous big USB 3 plug, and the next version with the USB C connector will be much improved. As it is, charging takes too long even though Samsung "cheats" by making the charger a bit over (5.3V) the standard voltage. You will probably want to only charge this with its original charger. In general, an interesting and useful device.
R1CD0NTI2VNC0Q	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	It works fine, I'm thinking of buying a second pair so I'd always have a charged one on hand.
R3JTJZK96D1JKB	4.0	Got it as gift for my husband and he is ...	0	0	Got it as gift for my husband and he is loving it so far. He has a hard time putting it down.
R21JOIEQHJJUG4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Amazing performance and layout. The product arrived well on time and on excellent condition.
RMKBGO7VN89PI	5.0	Great Product!	0	0	I love this tablet! It has a huge screen and I am able to use it like a laptop. It's great!
R28ZE9QP58ADIJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Ill never buy another tablet again!!!!! Well, unless Samsung upgrades this one that is!!!
R2J16KAUZOK31K	4.0	I Like It!	1	2	It's a bit more awkward to use as a slate than I expected but so far I am pleased with it. The only issue I've come up with so far is that some of the TV show apps that I can use on my Note 3 smartphone don't work on my Note Pro 12.2. That surprised me and was a bit annoying because I was looking forward to being able to catch up on missed TV episodes on the larger screen. But it isn't a deal breaker, and I'm sure that there will be suitable apps someday.
R2VN6I0565OIT6	5.0	Love the big screen	0	0	In love with the big screen and the tablet has definetly turned heads due to its size.
R1D5I7OWNQENWO	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	Great tablet. Easy to use and understand. Download the manual to save your eyesight.
R3AJ6UPHCHGGL3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love the Samsung Galaxy note pro... One of the best Tablets Samsung has ever made.
R2FUBZRZ30E4KP	5.0	Nice!	0	0	This little thing is fast, and has great battery life. I have no complaints so far.
R262838P6N951	5.0	Excellent	0	0	This is everything I've been looking for in a tablet - right size and functionality!
R2KWBUYGO3OF7Q	5.0	Nice Tablet	0	0	Great tablet. I also have the Galaxy Note 4 phone, so the design is very compatible.
RTQWQSVJ6CBWC	5.0	Perfect	1	2	I absolutely luv this tablet because it does everything and more and goes perfect with my Note 5. I actually have 2 of these, but I have one to my son and needed arreplacement for church so I purchased this one from a private seller on Amazon and it is in excellent condition. If you're ever thinking about purchasing this, it is definitely one of a kind and great for students, business, and adults and children of all ages.
RYBEMHNYTDOII	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Amazing tablet... screen is beautiful and vibrant. Very happy with this tablet.
R1OH15OTZZNW21	5.0	Great Work Samsung	0	0	Great tablet with large screen, I totally loved it more than my ipad that I own.
R13PJYVR4DJN79	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	A gift for my husband who loves it, but we do wish it was more than wifi only.
R26PWIHXBMG8NF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent thus far, another quality product from Samsung, now I have mine!
RATTCIF9HE3ZJ	5.0	Great Buy	0	0	Amazing tablet, well worth the investment. You will not be disappointed.
R1958S073WQC85	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love this Samsung Galaxy ProI have find 5 Samsung love everyone of them
R1EEMHEUUZCC0U	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Best buy ever. I use it for everything and have not had a problem yet.
RVBB9TQDBDUPQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent quality, product and easy to install and use. Recommended.
R2JKNABF7KIKET	5.0	Just what I've been waiting for!	1	2	I'm a big guy that reads a lot. Hands down this tablet provides best the reading and web browsing experience on it gorgeous 12 inch screen. The note taking apps and stylus work perfectly for jotting stuff down in and between meetings.
R188DDGFRKN8FS	4.0	Love the size!	1	2	This is a brand new tablet so you have to expect a few issues. Overall I love it! The size is great. The ability to have four screens pulled up at once is awesome. Just a couple of issues that I think samsung cleared up this week with a new firmware download. The battery does seem to drain a bit quick and takes awhile to recharge. Also the sensitivity of the touch screen was poor but that has been corrected. Overall I would highly recommend it. I've got an iPad 2 that I use as well as a kindle fire HDX. This tablet puts them to shame. No comparison in speed or display quality and the 12.2 simply has many more capabilities.
R17ZL7RFA02FW8	5.0	great for class	1	2	Great for taking notes in class, and performs well in every other aspect as well. Love it, and highly recommend it for any college student.
RHAXU3VM7G28F	5.0	I am so in LOVE!!!!!!!!!!	1	2	I have waited diligently for this tablet to come out and I must say that Samsung made no mistakes with this tablet!! It's amazing hands down, the size, the features. I also love the color. I had to get white to match my iphone and it just brings out the beauty in it. This really was a great investment and semi substitute for my computer when I don't have it with me. BTW: Make sure you get accessories. You wouldn't want a device like this to not be protected!! This is the "Bentley" of all Tablets" right now...
R16LH53ESRMBRW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent tablet. Anyone would enjoy this. very nice screen display
R2XJDJWQQC0PL2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I recommend this to anyone wanting a tablet. Exceeds expectations
R2U3EMXNOKCSX4	5.0	Fantastic	0	0	Great tablet, large screen and great display. Love the note pen.
RNV783EC28IN6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it and when I get more knowledge of it should be even better
R1ZB1QJ4P4Y20R	5.0	Better than the IPad in my opinion.	0	0	I'm in love with Samsung. Will never own an Apple product again.
RU68UC5LXMWAP	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	The tablet is nice but is difficult to handle because its size
R14H5T5XKJBK19	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelent, good product and good amazon service. Regards.
RA7YC7Y87KX55	5.0	Nice	0	0	My son loves this thing. I'm still old school with a laptop.
R216VMWQGVW8VS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome tablet. I just wish the battery would charge faster.
RF3IWFQUO8NKD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love this tablet! I saved nearly $300.00 buying used here.
R24KOYK3AMCC6A	4.0	A 12.2-inch tablet with the classic Note S Pen	1	2	PROS: -S Pen excels on a large screen -Decent performance and power -Strong business/security cred CONS: -PenTile screen is not super-sharp -Weight reduces flexibility -Samsung UI overbearing in places I'm not convinced it’ll actually be that much more useful than this one: http://amzn.to/1JHQsic
RIYJK5EDNMAG3	1.0	One Star	2	3	Crashes all the time. Not impressed.
RKALMJ3DA54YW	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	LOVE IT
R1M3QQVI4HZ8YX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome tablet & awesome service. Would highly recommend.
RT3HU9U570BCM	4.0	Wish it came with a booklet I could hold in ...	1	2	Wish it came with a booklet I could hold in my hand while trying to learn how to use it. Same issue with most things these days - charge a few dollars more and include a booklet in print large enough to read. So, haven't really learned how to use it to full advantage.
R35EXI0UAZ6G2Z	5.0	Great Tablet!!!	0	0	Amazing Tablet!!!! I Love hopping Amazon Prime!!!!!
R1XUMC65JC8TQ	5.0	The best tablet I've ever	0	0	The price worth it. The best tablet I've ever used
RWSAWL9G04J4X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Its amazing...I love it. It never leaves my side
R3ICJNL41EFHDS	5.0	... to replace my iPad 2 and I am so glad I did	1	2	I just got this to replace my iPad 2 and I am so glad I did! I LOVE the huge screen, s-pen, and the vibrant colors! Hello flash, I missed you! I can use this much more like a computer than I could my iPad. I highly recommend it!!
R1RYK9XAELZ2PO	5.0	Awesome!	0	0	Great tablet I love it! Fast shipping as well.
R2455HEUNSWZH1	5.0	Very nice!! No problems with it so far	0	0	Very nice!! No problems with it so far!!! DD
R2NK0Z6B9AMA8I	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I am still very satisfied with my purchase.
R1NOM3MJMAEDNN	5.0	and find this one to be the best for technology and utility	1	2	I've had several android tablets, and find this one to be the best for technology and utility. The tablet processes data quickly due to the powerful processor and three gigabytes of ram. I strongly recommend it.
R32RV4IO9RBC94	5.0	Great tablet for both students and professsionals alike	2	4	This is a fantastic tablet for college. I purchased one and I used it to take notes so I don't have to carry any notebooks. I buy my books either on .pdf, or via kindle app so I have no books to carry around. I can take photos with it, I can make diagrams with it. I can multitask with it. I can do email and social media with it. I can write papers with it because Android now has Microsoft word app. I never use my laptop anymore, because this tablet does everything I need it to do and then some. The large bright colorful crisp screen is great for watching movies, and it has dual speakers, one on either side, for superior sound. I also own an iPad air, which I never use anymore. This tablet is superior in every way to the iPad. If you have a student going off to college I would highly recommend this tablet. It's been a life saver, and saved me from the back pain of carrying around books and notebooks. Not to mention it saves money to rent the e-books over buying actual books. I absolutely love this tablet
R14JVO5JWPL69F	1.0	Four Stars	1	2	Terrible ! Don't buy it. After eight months my tablet start flashing nobody can solve the problem the only solution is to exchange it but there is nowhere mention about the guarantee .
R3805LPC2CNT61	5.0	Very Nice! Great for the couch	0	0	Very Nice ! Great for the couch.
R314FT15G6R1MA	4.0	Not as high quality as the ipad it replaced. Weird zoom bug, and flimsy. Still makes a great reader though.	0	1	I bought this because my ipad 4 was getting old (and so am I), and I thought a bigger screen would be great - and it is.I use a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phone (and am very happy with it), and I thought this would basically be the same but bigger. But to be honest, the qualit is just not as good as my older ipad 4, or even my Note 3 phone. First, let me list the pros: The tablet is big, and it's light, easy to carry around. The cons: It feels flimsy compared to the ipad. It uses the same materials as the Note3 phone, but because the format is so much larger, it just doesn't work as well. The plastic back and screen make it feel lower quality, too flexible. Using the pen isn't as good as my phone either - it has more resistance as you right, almost like you're writing on plastic instead of glass. Also, scrolling in Chrome is weird, as it sometimes register a single touch as multi-touch, and zooms instead of scrolling (no, there are no zoom zones). Overall, I'm of two minds. I usually use my tablet for reading Kindle books, and browsing the web (and the occasional game). Since I switch my phone to Android, I thought I would switch my tablet also, and get the same quality. But it didn't work out that way. I can read Kindle books just fine, and the larger screen is great! But the pen doesn't work so well, so the notes are a bit of a chore, and the browsing is annoying with the random zooming. I would give it a 3.5, but since I mostly read on it, I'll round up to 4.
R2MCUHCKX08O78	5.0	The best of bests	0	0	Just wonderfull. The best of bests.
RQIYU11JRZLT2	3.0	Good screen res	1	2	Good screen res., good battery life, good connection screen. However crammed with useless subscription software that most likely no uses. Reminds me of Dell products.
R2JYD2WO5LMMVL	5.0	Very nice :-)	1	2	Sorry Amazon, but I haven't used my Kindle since buying this. Unlike the Kindle, this Samsung tablet is very stable and I have access to the Google play store.
R18N31WUH4W7ZH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Highly recommend, love my tablet!
R1PRHTOOEPE1EB	2.0	broke after 2 months - otherwise good device	2	4	I had this for 2 months and it stopped taking a charge to the point that wouldn't even start up. I want to make it clear that i took very good care of this - kept it in a case. I also on the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 as my phone and have the same problem after 6 months. The only reason Samsung isn't getting a one-star rating is because their customer service was pretty good in that they were fast and courteous. I will say in the 2 months that it work for me, I was very happy with it. I have large hands and I can type very easily - on the screen's virtual keyboard. The problem is, I write books and sell a few and one of my books I had just started is on my crashed 12.2 Pro. I'm not very happy about that.
R23YRN0NZ4CQHI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Tablet...highly recommend
RWISH5A4JE8D5	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good product, large autonomy.
R1I0YLGYEZN6WK	5.0	they love it.	0	0	Gave as a gift, they love it.
R1WXHWSPW2KFUS	5.0	Love it.	0	0	All I can say is excellent!!!
R3MGTN3NOS56NA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fantastic product. I love it
ROIJ0KL7GJQYV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it! Love it! Love it!
RBW75EG21CWAR	5.0	Best tablet I have used by far	1	2	Best tablet I have used by far. I was debating between this and a surface pro 3 for work but i am more than happy with my choice.
R3FEX2ZQT8QYM1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Even better than we thought
R1TUYGR3ZKTPGQ	5.0	I love the big screen and the battery lasts forever	1	2	OUTSTANDING tablet. I love the big screen and the battery lasts forever, especially when paired with power saving settings.
R1JCGZEY8FLX2I	5.0	love the big screen	0	0	Best thing ever. I love it
R1CUASZ41MBKCH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I really like this tablet.
R2CJKMQEKI9N99	5.0	very responsive with true all day battery life.	0	1	Battery life on this tablet is unbelievable, i can easily go all day using it, even reading books on the kindle app that drains my regular galaxy tabs super fast, and this one never runs out of juice. I charge it at night only and never have to recharge during the day. That alone is worth the added price. I love this Galaxy Note Pro - coming from the 10.1" galaxy tab, this is a huge improvement. This one is just so much faster and doesn't lag on web pages the way the cheaper galaxy tabs do. I also really like the bigger size. While the 10.1" is great for being able to stuff it in my purse and go, the 12.2" is just so much better for browsing web pages and reading emails - the extra screen size is really worth it. I find that I rarely use my laptop and more. I don't use the stylus a whole lot, but it is definitely a neat trick that when you pull it out from its slot a little writing menu pops up. Overall, this is a premium tablet at a premium price but we'll worth the extra cost.
RZ4OBSZT82AXT	4.0	Meet expectation	0	0	Meet expectation so far.
R1H8OE1LWQTV8J	5.0	Could not wait to receive my tablet. I have ...	1	2	Could not wait to receive my tablet. I have a Mac book air as well and between the two I use my note pro more.
R346G8XR6C30YH	3.0	It's pretty cool	9	15	Rewriting this review to keep it short and sweet. I think this table is the best tablet for writing. It's got a higher resolution, larger screen, and longer battery life than anything else. The tip of the stylus also has texture so it doesn't slide across the glass like the surface pro 2 stylus. It is lackluster in many ways though. -glossy screen - terrible for a screen where you have to view what's on the screen when lights are on, like somewhere you might be taking notes (meeting or classroom). -operating system - Android is wonderful, for phones. This operating was not designed for tablets. It was made for phones and modified for tablets. So a lot of basic computer functionality that has been around since the early 90s is not here. No folders in folders, you can't place icons wherever you want on the screen, most programs don't open in popup mode (windows). If you are looking for productivity, don't look here. You will spend time fighting with your system. What would take you 10 seconds on your pc can take several minutes on android, because of the various steps you have to take and not the limitations of the hardware. -no flash support - or rather semi useful flash support, when modded with Dolphin. You will have to look up how to install that. It is buggy and slow compared to other systems with similar or slower hardware. -the total lack of a tablet-based store - you want to find apps made or optimized for tablets? You'll have to google it. Many of the applications that are touted as being designed for tablets are just phone apps that run in landscape mode and look very poor. The vast majority of apps are of low quality compared to what they could be. A quick look over at what applications are available on ipad shows the potential that is being missed here. You can say there are good reasons for this problem, but reasons don't stop this problem from existing. You need to understand how bad the android app store is for tablets. We shouldn't have to sift through piece of garbage after piece of garbage to find software that is decent. The android store needs to have a tablet section and it needs to be curated. A base minimum of specs need to be established and developed for. There are a few wonderful gems out there that really showcase what could be possible on android. Just a few though. I don't have the time to do android's job for them. Some people like to customize and search and test for hours on end. I don't have the time for that. I returned the tablet and I will not be purchasing android again until they've resolved these issues.
R20CYD2G4E4RO3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Learning and i like it
R1MFFRN5KNLHA3	5.0	Love	0	0	As advertised. Love it
R134M7Y01SRI0M	4.0	Good tablet. Battery life is a bit shorter than ...	1	2	Good tablet. Battery life is a bit shorter than other tablets, but its what you get with a bigger screen
R1R5LL2X5B0YQT	2.0	Battery Went Bad	2	4	Battery gave message that it was too hot to charge last week. Two days later it went bad, the tablet is now running down much faster than before. Initially it would last the whole day, really good battery life. Now I know where the battery is because the screen is hot on the top right side. Other than this it worked well, today my background picture just went don't know if it is connected to the battery going. Everything else worked well. Just the bad battery.
R4E47RQXAHVV5	3.0	Fair to middling	0	1	Only had the tablet for a week, and haven't used the Note pen yet, so this is a preliminary review. I purchased the Samsung keyboard cover with the tablet, and they connected easily. But I don't think this tablet is going to be a laptop replacement. Positives - mostly as noted by others - great display being the most prominent. Hancom substitute for MS Office programs is so far excellent. Negatives - Can't play Amazon Instant Video, which is incomprehensible to me. My Samsung S4 'phone will play AIV, as will any iPad. Can't load files onto the MicroSD card through the included power/data cable. That's as bad as Apple, who won't let you control the memory or files on your own device. Not particularly fast. If you ask the device to do something it doesn't "want" to do, like access files on an SD card, it will just hang up.
R15S62ZBAKLIXU	5.0	LOVE my new tablet!!	1	2	I absolutely LOVE my tablet! Works perfect & looks brand new! Highly recommend this seller to others!
R31Q90LRW20R3K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	So far great tablet.
R3TOKZGRSQGB33	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet love it
R16P7P6WQMA25K	5.0	My old eyes are most grateful	0	1	There are a lot of good reviews on this site about this tablet so I am just going to say I love this tablet. I use it everyday for email, internet browsing, paying bills, everything I would have normally used my desktop computer. I now do it conveniently on this tablet. I have been into photography for a lot of years and I use the Nikon wireless app along with the Nikon WU-1A wireless adapter to view and download all my pictures taken with my Nikon D7100. It works great. I then use Eye-Fi on the tablet to send those photos to my desktop where they are cataloged and stored. The screen resolution is great. Great detail. Great colors. It great to view photos on a 12 inch tablet versus the D7100 3 inch screen. My old eyes are most grateful.
R2NCQMA9R8LT2W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love It so much,
RH9U674RAZPH9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My mother loves it
RTTH0CFS92FPQ	4.0	I love it!!!	2	4	I absolutely love my Note Pro. I love the large screen that I am able to see my better now. When typing my fingers don't accidently hit the wrong keys. I love reading my books that have been synced with the tablet. It is everything that I wanted in a tablet and I use this more than my Toshiba Satellite laptop.
R5QECEIWWXFS2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent tablet.
R1XMXL9FS4XCCV	5.0	In love again.	0	0	My wife loves it!
R18JRSCOA51EEB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	amazing, the best
R3DS4CYGKVNDEK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love this tablet!
R1C7BBG3VQNMMB	2.0	Good but has issues...	3	6	Save yourself some time and don't purchase this wasted pile of headaches. It's a good tablet, but it sufferers from a few things that are known issues with all of them. It has a couple of screen flickering issues, one is only related to watching video play back and is usually resolved for a few days by simply restarting the device. The second on is more obnoxious and will start to have seriouse flickering issues no matter what you are doing. For most, it starts when the device is below 50% battery and will not stop until the device is plugged in. For others it does not matter where the battery percent is, it will flicker randomly until it is plugged in. The flickering is anything but mild. The only fix for this seems to be taking the back off and re seating the cables to the battery. Samsung is aware of this issue and has no plans to fix it. This problem is not related to refurbished versions and will happen to new unopened versions as well, but it seems to be only related to the wifi version of this tablet. The second problem is connectivity. It suffers from random wifi and bluetooth drops rather often. This is also a known issue with Samsung and they do not plan on fixing it until and IF it gets upgraded to 5.0 lollipop. Do some research before you purchase it because their are far more complaints on theese issues than just me. Overall it's a great tablet....When it works. But be warned about what you are getting into before purchasing this model.
RWECWMKIW6KWT	4.0	Running into problems	0	1	EDITED REVIEW: I have now had this tablet for four months and am running into problems. The apps and programs are working fine but I am concerned about the hardware. It is now not uncommon for the screen to not respond to a touch -- not just on a particular link but anywhere on a page. It has started to spontaneously reboot while I am in the middle of a task. I am getting notifications that an "authorization failed" or a "server is unavailable" and I have no idea what they are talking about -- it happens while Iam using an app with no problems. I have a help desk email in to Samsung. We will see what they say. I bought this along with the SmartCase keyboard. I am enjoying the tablet and finding connecting the keyboard is easy and reliable. Original review: I just bought the Samsung mouse -- the first time I am using a mouse designed for tablet functions and it is very convenient. Tiny annoying detail: for some reason, even though I bought the black tablet, I was sent a white charging cord. I want a second charger but it appears to be impossible to buy another charger directly from Samsung. Looks like I will have to buy another -- white -- one here on Amazon. Is Samsung having trouble providing chargers?
R2VMRSMV8PES3J	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Seller delivery of item was very fast. I'm enjoying my new tablet!
R2G50QU9X5EJBB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It is perfect
R3DD0JAVHJNBVZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product
R8QYOUX6X6C8U	5.0	EXCELLENT tablet. the best I owned since I have	1	2	EXCELLENT tablet. the best I owned since I have tablets
R2493Y1YGQK8KR	5.0	Great Spen!	0	1	Neat, works great, in perfect condition, the spen is very useful, particularly the fact it can avoid detecting the hand when the spen is close to the screen (when writing). It is not perfect by default though. This feature can be greatly improved simply by installing the Samsung Spen SDK feature from the Playstore. Some applications (like Explain Everything, see the parameters) use it to completely disable hand entries and then you can really write just like on a piece of paper. Great feature!
R2CU5HXEXWW263	2.0	while i like the tablet itself - the fact that it was ...	0	1	while i like the tablet itself - the fact that it was advertised as coming with several perks and promos, these promos seem to be extremely accessible. The only one that i was truly interested in - 50 gb of dropbox space for 2 years - somehow eludes me. I have had the device for a month and no matter what i do. it's not happening. I've contacted amazon - no response, samsung - call dropbox and finally dropbox nothing. I guess no one seems to care what was advertised..
R3JPMWTPMQLR8L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great so far
R16PBEHJWCNF4A	5.0	Great device with poorly designed, unnecessary magazine interface.	0	1	We use this for marking up proofs of 3D renderings that we produce at work using the stylus. It has streamlined our editing process and removed the necessity of printing and scanning our markups. It has easily paid for itself within the few months that we've started using it. Lovely screen and colors. Great resolution. I really don't like the magazine-like interface, but we just leave that off to the side and use the regular Samsung/Android home-screen interface.
R3EL01ZYF8NBQ1	5.0	The best tab	1	2	The best tab! Excellent for work and entertainment.
RA08TWDYE389Q	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good!!
R1RVFLTH1YFRG9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great size.
R2JPT9DMJHOPUG	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Great product, love the photo editing features.
R39MGV0XTHS871	5.0	if you want it to do something... it can	0	1	Im not sure where to begin on how truly awe-inspiring this tablet is. it has the power to do whatever i want it too. I installed the NOVA launcher on it, because i wanted icon packs, but its a great tablet. it can download torrent files faster than my gaming computer. the 4 windows at a time feature is handy as well. I would get this over an iPad any day of the week. if you want it to do something... it can.
R2O65L3DX4GTL2	5.0	The best Android tablet I've ever used!	1	3	I've owned both the Asus TF300 and the TF700, and I loved themfir the keyboard and touch pad feature that you could get for them. However, both models were sluggish, especially if you tried to use it while it was updating from the Playstore. This tablet does not have that problem, it's lightning fast, and the Samsung Bluetooth keyboard and S Mouse run flawlessly with it. I don't miss my Asus TF700 at all! The battery life is quite good as well. I use mine an hour or two a day mostdays and charge it about once a week to ten days. The S Pen is also a great feature! The fact that you almost feel like you're using an actual pen when writing in the note app is just part of it. The scrap booker is great for taking partial screen shots from anything you might have on screen and it can be easily categorized and tagged in the included scrap booker app. The handwriting recognition in the memo app is great as well. I was pleasantly surprised. There is also a customized version of SketchBook by AutoDesk which works better than using SketchBook on a tablet without pen recognition even when using stylus. For Evernote users like myself, the fact that S Note can be linked to your Evernote account and then automatically post your have written notes to it had been an excellent feature. Lump all those features in with multi-window, an octa-core processor (it's the same as the one in the Tab pro, but described differently, look it up) and the gigs of ram and you have yourself a tablet that has replaced my laptop. Honestly, my only two criticisms is that the launcher terrible in my opinion, but this is easily fixed by downloading the Google Now launcher, and the fact that the screen isn't AMOLED like my S5 so by comparison the screen looks muted. Having said that, the screen still looks amazing in terms of resolution and you may actually prefer the less saturated colors. However, if you don't care about the S Pen features at all, but still want an amazing tablet then go with the Galaxy Tab pro 12.2 or 10.1. But, if you do get this tablet I recommend picking up the S Pen that has the "eraser" function built in when you flip the pen over. You may also want to look into getting the Logitech Bluetooth keyboard over the official Samsung one. Having tried both, I do prefer the Samsung one but only because if fits so nicely and cleanly on to the tablet and it has a lower profile versus Logitech. However, the Logitech keyboard is cheaper and performs equally well, yet requires an extra app that needs a small amount, though relatively painless, amount of set up. Along with my S5, this is my second Android based Samsung device and after being a very hardcore pure Google fanboy, I don't think that I will ever buy another phone or tablet that isn't made by Samsung.
R2T5NSYBT3WMJC	5.0	Exactly as described - suits my needs well.	1	2	Exactly as described - suits my needs well.
R23YSK4NCDJML0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it!!!
RK8TKSYYYQJEV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome!!!
R1AA1WIHRA97YO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good!
R1CLJCDYY4IWC1	3.0	screen hard to turn	0	1	I have to shake the tablet like I was mad to make it change the direction when I turn the tablet sideway. It supposed to have eye recognition capacity but doesn't work apparently. I was so frustrated because I was used to the convenient of ipad. Paying such a high price, I was anticipate a better product. Other than that, no other complaints. I would go back to ipad though.
R27TRHHEJ8E6KU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Loving it!
R3FY364VHX97KG	5.0	great tablet	0	1	Great tablet. Plenty of power on an android platform. Rhe s pen works great as well. I would recommend this tablet.
R3AP7W13Q5NG5N	5.0	Great product	0	1	The best tablet that I have ever owned. It is a great device and makes it easy to be productive on the go.
R2ODODDRGLFOX	4.0	Screen flicker	0	1	Sounds like a great tablet for my purpose. I would purchase it but.. I have been reading forums about a hardware problem with this tablet (battery connector issue)! Has Samsung resolved this, or is it still ongoing. I don't wish to go through the nightmare that people are having in some of the reviews posted. Can any one comment on this?
R2UMZOG9UWAI36	3.0	I love this tablet but...	0	1	I love this tablet but I have to give them a 3 star just because the S pen button is not working properly. I have to put a lot of pressure to achive a input from it. I was trying to compare it with other S pen to make sure it wasnt me. I was correct The Spen does not have that click factor. I have a great tablet with a damage S pen.
R1D0OTDFP1RS89	5.0	This Quad core tablet is amazing. I use it when on the road to ...	0	1	This Quad core tablet is amazing. I use it when on the road to handle all of my MS Office, emailing, and web surfing needs. With the Bluetooth mouse and keyboard it has replaced my need for a big clunky laptop. The only item Galaxy has missed on this, is NFC (Near Field Communication) to handle my RFID needs.
R20O9WBVE3VI6I	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great!!!
R5VBBVEAM4VW0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it.
RQ54HQ3UHNCUH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it.
R366XL9XUEJA0Y	5.0	Wonderful Tablet	0	1	I use my Galaxy Note 12.2 non stop. I love all that it can do. I especially love the ability to have two-three apps open at once. Can't say enough good things about this tablet. I move form an ipad to the Samsung and now want to change out my iPhone as well. Good job Samsung this is a great tablet!
R313VJ7C6V78JG	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Out Standing Product, Thank You!
R325W9ZWGIHAHW	4.0	... big the screen was but we are starting to love it! The screen is starting to glitch	0	1	I didn't realize how big the screen was but we are starting to love it! The screen is starting to glitch. I hope it isn't a big issue. I haven't been able to use the s pen but that's mainly why I bought it. I'm still on the fence on whether I love this more than my iPad.
R13ROZ0WJTJPSS	5.0	Great tablet!!	0	1	Very nice tablet, Arrived early, packaged well. I use this tablet all the time. I use the Kindle app, I use it for music, web browsing, email, Facebook, organization apps, pictures, news and weather. I am beyond pleased with the performance. The display is gorgeous.
R35RYSVQVS98CU	5.0	Love the 12.2 Samsung tablet!	0	1	The amazing fast shipping and product are excellent. It's so great having the 12 inch tablet, less strain on eyes. This tablet just is amazing and I have not even even taken advantage of all the great app and cool features. Would recommend! Dmarie
RNTITCXB4YSIF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome
R2KBV3U5DAGSG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R1EW5CGZQL6HY1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome
R31JLLIPXPORN9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R2UI2TVX52BQ9A	4.0	Great toy	0	1	Had a few glitches at first when trying to run a movie in full screen mode, got a lot of screen flickering, but only needed a reset to set it straight. A bit heavy/bulky, but nothing to complain about given the massive screen size. Quite happy with it.
R2MX33GWNXNXOO	5.0	... at this time and must say it is the best of the best	0	1	I have had this product for about seven months at this time and must say it is the best of the best.... (both for work and for home) easy to travel with and easy to store. Would purchase another without question!
R1S34QL67M6SAN	4.0	Three weeks of use	0	1	So far the note pro is meeting my expectation and i have not used all the features that originally came with it. However, I am using it for my business. I especially like the spen features (still under used by me).
R28W59OQFKXI7Q	4.0	It's everything it should be	3	6	I got this because I wanted a tablet with a big screen to run the Kindle app in portrait (had to be Android or iOS - the Windows Kindle app doesn't load "personal documents" from the cloud), and this was the biggest one commonly available. I also wanted a bigger screen to connect to my home computer when I'm out. I had recently gotten a Galaxy Note phone and was happy with that, so I took the plunge, and the Galaxy Note Pro delivers on its promises. The Kindle app is one of the most difficult for an Android device to run in my experience, and the app (and all apps) runs very smoothly, with none of the glitches and lagginess found on less powerful Android tablets. If you're considering this tablet, it's because you're willing to pay a premium for a honking huge screen and a strong processor. I'd say it's worth the price on that basis. I've found little to complain about. I'm using the ZAGG keyboard cover - an external keyboard makes this an excellent laptop replacement. The RemotePC app that comes with the tablet has not worked well, but I already use LogMeIn. If you're counting on RemotePC, you should look into people's experiences with that app.
R2KTH83CCR27KY	4.0	I like this tablet	0	1	Hi , I like this tablet. It is an excellent product with superb performance. However, I have noticed that once I charge this tablet, it takes a restart. I am not sure if it is normal.
R2BRK0GIVFH4KQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great
R3UXLYKGXJRT2N	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great
R3H3P5GXTY0PQ2	5.0	No more Windows!	0	1	Wonderful! I selected the larger size because it has a normal size keyboard. The smaller size has a small keyboard that is hard to type on. I love not having to use Windows anymore!
R2PAEV18PZBD00	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	My daughter loved
R19L2UQQ2JTWHJ	2.0	Though I would be fine with it since it was a great price	0	1	Was a refurbished product. It was not "like new". Though I would be fine with it since it was a great price..... only if it was functional! :(
R3IR2KPMXV94ME	5.0	Top of the tablet line	1	2	Wonderful screen
R1DKDN15YJK5UT	5.0	It's super fast, plays videos/movies perfectly	0	1	This tablet has been killer. It's super fast, plays videos/movies perfectly. It is my ultimate travel companion for sure. Great buy, highly recommend!
R34SSTZX79FRWF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Wow!
R31D3IU6MNW4ER	2.0	I well wit to see how its replacement works before final judgment.	0	1	While the screen is as beautiful as advertised I am sending it back because the touch screen does not work well and it keeps freezing up.
RPYYGGTEDFPRJ	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Very happy !!!
R1SI1P4JNW20M3	1.0	Samsung sent me a unit with a broken charger, ...	3	6	Samsung sent me a unit with a broken charger, refused to swap it out with a new one even though it is under warranty, and referred me to their website to buy one for $20.
RL1UKIQB8AYHP	5.0	Just amazing. As mentioned in the describtion no scratches and ...	0	1	Warehouse deal! Just amazing. As mentioned in the describtion no scratches and its just like new!
R6Q4JBOPCXC9M	5.0	Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 awesomeness	1	3	Samsung has hit another one out of the Park. Blows my note 10.1away. A must have. Been using for a month, 10 hours a day for work and play. Screen is incredible, go with the bigger screen, no regrets. This was the best deal ever, SAVED OVER $200 on Amazon. There is never a reason to ever shop best buy. AMOZON excels in everyway. Delivered in 2 days.
R1XIZTNEDN9J9Z	5.0	Great Samsung tablet	0	1	Very easy to use, navigate, and screen resolution is fantastic. Really enjoy the pen stylus.
R1ANELUNOLO4X2	5.0	Purchased for a gift	1	3	The family purchased this together as a present for my brother-in-law for Christmas (2014) and he loves it! He still uses it daily and has NO problems with it. I was nervous about it arriving in one piece. Just because of the price, but it arrived safely! Very pleased! He also loves the size and it pairs well with his Galaxy phone.
R31GQPKHA7C4I3	2.0	Two Stars	0	1	The battery keeps getting hot.says it can't charge cause it is hot.how can I fix this?
RY9NHBSGUT32U	1.0	Dead after 100 days, possibly 20 uses. Samsung should be ashamed.	1	3	Bought from another vendor. Died on day 10O, 10 days after warranty. Was only used in one office, on one desk, never dropped, just stopped charging. Cost almost $600; repair will be $200 And no guarantee of getting fixed. Great money maker for Samsung: low quality, high price, and high priced repair .
R2JKE9DTFFPT6B	5.0	... ever use or figure out but it is an amazing tablet.	0	1	Has more features than I will ever use or figure out but it is an amazing tablet.
R3CP2I5WTVFT4U	4.0	a bit big.	1	3	This was too big for me and awkward to hold in one hand while taking notes (should be fine if you plan on leaving it flat on a desk). Also had some lag/chop issues but after recent reading, these have been resolved by a software update. Went with the 10.1" and dont regret it a bit.
R1EDN7FIR39F43	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I got this tablet at a huge discount from Amazon, and it is my go to device.
R3FGBSICD4B54H	5.0	What I wanted	0	1	This is a tablet that takes the place of my laptop. Description is accurate.
RXMGT2NFPW1W6	5.0	Awesomely beautiful!	1	3	Awesomely beautiful! Still learning to work all the great apps that this tablet has, so I will most likely post an updated review later. So far, I love it! The only thing that Samsung could do differently with the Note Pro, is make it in a 10.1" or 10.5" screen also. :-)
R1QSB8BT8LNL1B	2.0	Lots of issues	4	8	the apps are highly unreliable and crash constantly. I've lost some very important documents in their word app. customer service doesn't really care too much about the unreliability of their product. If you are going to use this for fun then I would give it a 5 star rating, but if you plan on using it for work or anything important I would say use at your own risk.
R2ER7IB5SD5AIV	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	As advertised no issues plenty of storage nice keyboard. Love the pen...
RSD7F5W3ZSUX0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	ok
R1O0HT9L48B9C1	3.0	Beautiful, Big, a Bit Slow	19	33	This was intended to be an upgrade to a Nexus 10 which is losing battery life and becoming unstable. I have decided to return it after 3 days of trying to make it work. It's beautiful, well polished, just not right for me. Pros: * The screen is gorgeous. 2 more inches makes a huge difference, and the colors are as vivid as you'd expect from Samsung. * Pen software is well done, nicely integrated with Evernote or other services. The pen itself is well-designed, and it stores unobtrusively. * Samsung's garish TouchWiz skin really doesn't detract too much, and it even improves Android's settings menus. Cons: * It's slow, even after giving it a day to get through all its various downloads and upgrades. Even with only the browser open, it stutters and lags as you navigate or open new pages. I didn't expect this from a new device. * It's really too heavy to hold comfortably, even with two hands, and yet it strangely doesn't include an integrated kickstand. * If you're used to the stock Android email client you may not like Samsung's email, and you may not find it easy to find an alternative you like. If you want a larger screen to hold for browsing, reading and some data entry, this is probably too heavy and slow to make you happy. If you're going to prop this on a desk in front of you with case or some sort of mount, why not just buy a laptop and get a whole lot more for your money?
RDCO6W7RFX983	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I owned the 10" version and this one is an improved larger version.
R1FZIFY2NGE950	5.0	Super tablet.	0	1	I up graded from a Sony 8 inch to this 12 inch, wow what a difference.
R1RZTMEVE7EHRU	5.0	Samsung tablets rock!	0	1	Great device! This is now my primary computer used for everything.
R1Q1S7PJPKBNYE	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Great!
R284UG2CGELUUH	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	AMAZING TABLET LOOKS BRAND NEW SO HAPPY WITH IT!!!
R35SRMF702WMWX	5.0	Like a computer	0	1	The best ever. I use it like a computer. Is great.
R17I3STN90W1K2	5.0	Great buy if you want a power house for a tablet	0	1	Fantastic tablet powerful and the s pen is awsome
R384TSXP9KNJJR	5.0	Not perfect but getting there	0	2	Since my main interest in this item was the Note Pro features, that is where this tablet earns its keep. I spent quite a bit of time testing to see how well this would work, find the limits etc...I'm old enough t have always used a pen and paper for brainstorming...yes, it's old school. Over the years, I've been known to jot things down on my old yellow pad of paper then have to transfer it to a computer. It's time consuming and tedious especially when combining research which requires the computer. This brings it all together. I can sit comfortably somewhere other than my desk, add ideas from anywhere, access online information instantly, connect it all into a single document, record voice notes, add charts/photographs or even video, insert live weblinks and/or contacts....basically this integrates all the various elements into one useful and fully accessible manner. It will transcribe my written notes into printed text, turn an underlined web address into a live link plus much more...all with a few clicks of the pen. It's easy to change colors, font, and more...basically the Notes function is great. Not perfect though. There is still a bit of lag, the translation to text is clumsy and incorrect at times....although it does a decent job even with sloppy handwriting in both print or cursive...even a combination of the two. See the included photo for an example. Speaking of which, it's also easy to email the entire file to yourself, upload to the cloud, use in an online meeting etc... Bottom line, the real beauty of this is in the Notes function - it's not perfect but it is the first real step in the right direction!
R2QYYJXLPDR8S6	5.0	Love it!	0	1	Love it! Does everything I wanted and more. :-)
R1TKSNS5LT2EK7	5.0	it was best tablet that I have ever	0	1	Wow, it was best tablet that I have ever used
R2C3KCWT12IFHQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Came on time and looks great. No complaints.
R1Y9U1KZ9EAN86	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Looks brand new and works great thus far.
RBZ15R1U9IY20	2.0	Saddened.	1	3	I love this tablet, but now after a month the screen flickers when battery percentage below 50. Wtf Samsung.
R3P96TRRN6GKWP	5.0	Great device	0	1	It is exceeding our expectation!
R21UZU9RL0H02V	5.0	awesome.. best tablet out	0	1	awesome..best tablet out there
R36MKK0FNP1ILX	5.0	samsung galaxy pro 12.2	1	3	Absolutely love it. It covers my needs. I use it daily to do the things l use to do on my phone.
R2APBGO2MJ2QGR	2.0	Not all that I thought it would be.	0	2	Ok, here's the skinny. I love the size of the screen. Wow it is just remarkable. I love that I can pair my phone to the device, that is fun. Still has I began to explore the tablet, I have come to realize that it does not support some of the apps I am fond of. For one, the Amazon Prime instant video is not supported. I tried many different ways to get it to play but each failed. The response time in some apps are very slow and feel almost labored. When I am deleting emails it freezes and takes a while to recover. I was so excited to get this new tablet. I was hoping to have a powerful device that out did the ipad. I am not sure this device is the right one for me, but I am stuck with it. I do have a Samsung Galaxy 5 phone and love it, but so far I am in a like and hate relationship with the device.
R1GS50EL7EXIRY	4.0	right size	2	5	Huge screen is very nice. Some people say it is to big and heavy but I think it is just right size. Full keyboard is very convenient for ssh, it has control and tab buttons. I have concerns about battery life. Sometimes it is discharging too fast.
R325P492A5L21O	3.0	Recently Acquired	1	3	Great tablet, except youtube doesn't want to play from Chrome or Browser
R3QVWJCZXDE4RP	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Great tablet for art.
RVC1NXDJECH5U	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	This device is great
R35AR9AWJ4Y4LB	3.0	Be warned	0	2	Using Chromecast with this tablet can cause the UI to loop crash. While casting to Chromecast, swiping down on notification bar will cause com.android.systemui to loop crash until you restart the tablet. This is a quite common issue with Samsung's TouchWiz, called Magazine UX on this tablet. There are many reports in online Android forums concerning this issue. @SamsungSupport refuses to acknowledge that this is a problem. CPU is a tad slow for such an expensive, and high end, product. The screen is a beautiful and bright LCD. The free Hancom office suite is nice. Battery life is wonderful for such a large high resolution screen.
R3S2O1HU6NIITP	5.0	Love the galaxy note	0	1	Love the big screen
R9KG1WDZ61A7	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Very nice product!
R2YHRSQO5BIWPY	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	Awesome Tablet!!!! I use it for all my business purpose.
R2ESRMJWL8YVXO	5.0	awesome	0	1	Best tablet ever
R3EKIFSUZW6NCE	5.0	Awesome	0	1	Awesome prices
R1N0NGIG1BT7IF	3.0	A really nice tablet..just not for me.	1	4	I have been reading positive reviews of this device so before I bought one I decided to stop at my local retailer and take a look. I spent about 45 minutes with one. I really want a 12" tablet primarily for reading (and annotating) pdf's without having to scroll up and down like on a 10", for example. I don't need a separate keyboard. On paper, this device sounds great but after a few minutes I began to see some issues. First of all, I can't imagine holding this one-handed for any long length of time. It really starts to get heavy after a few minutes. More importantly, pdf's show a lot of white-space all around (on top of the bezel) which defeats the purpose I need it for. Yes, you can pinch-zoom but as soon as you flip the page it reverts back. It was just not readable enough for my eyes. It *was* nice annotating with the built in stylus. That worked very well. I tried Acrobat Reader, Fox-It and a built in reader, to no avail. They may be some way to set the default view percentage like you can with the full desktop version but we couldn't find it. And finally, the price. This really is a nice device but the price is just too expensive for it. Seriously.
R1SF9Z2IY5DS5U	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Outstanding
R3SC9MOMED3GVU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Fantastic!!
RINLVJBVV5I96	5.0	Working great	0	2	I bought this to replace the Note 2014 Edition. This one is working great so far. I don't like the bloatware that came with it so I stopped the auto updates and removed what I could. Love the TV Remote and Guide App pre-installed. I went through two 2014 Edition Notes (Amazon readily took them back - both simply stopped working and would not turn on.) before deciding to try the newest Note. While I paid more, I am not disappointed. Love the larger screen.
R2BRX9STK0BC06	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I Love it.
R2TEV2F1SPBEYO	4.0	Four Stars	1	3	It doesn't work with a Stylus!
R3G0OLPSMO38OV	3.0	Screen is nice but not an OLED considering the price	1	4	Screen is nice but not an OLED considering the price. I also have the latest Samsung OLED 8.4 and that screen blows this one away. Graphics performance (framerate) is also inferior to smaller 8.4 and the Ipad 2,3 fro most games. Samsung and App makers are slower to update the software on this device compared to 8.4 because of lower sales volume. Still waiting for Chromecast update that has been available on 8.4 and phones for months. Battery performance is awful. Device will go completely dead (with no tasks running) after 4-5 days of just sitting with the screen off! Be very careful you shut down all apps or else your battery could be dead in 24-48 hours just sitting there. iPad generation 1, 2 and 3 will easily last 2 weeks with tasks idle and screen off. Samsung and Google(android OS) need to work on the battery conservation! Very heavy. Only get this if you need the giant screen.
R2QUI7U3MTOEHO	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	The GPS/GLONASS is REDHOT!
R1F4K51TVVA55C	5.0	The King of Tablets	0	2	Great, super productive tablet. S-pen Feauture, multi-tasking feauture, blazing fast processor, and great high resolution screen make this a must buy. It can be a toy, and a serious tool, especially with hancom office, tablets like this make laptops absolete.
R13D0KGM7KDU4A	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Awesome!
R14ZK1PX0GESDJ	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Nice One
R152VT2ZR3IQB9	4.0	ALSO THE WIFI VERISON YOU HAVE TO FIND A WAY TO GET VIDEOS TO PLAY ON LIKE FACEBOOK, MOVIES ECT	0	2	ITEM OK. THE SCREEN QUALITY SHOULD HAVE BEEN MUCH BETTER FOR SUCH A LARGE TABLET. ALSO THE WIFI VERISON YOU HAVE TO FIND A WAY TO GET VIDEOS TO PLAY ON LIKE FACEBOOK, MOVIES ECT. I HAVE A GALAXY NOTE 10.1 KINDA OF WISHING I WOULD HAVE STUCK TO THAT.
R2BR611ILPCBDF	4.0	Much Better than an iPad	0	2	Pros: Superior, full Keyboard, camera with flash and mouse-like hover functionality with s-pen. Cons: Inferior build quality, lacking software integration. Siri is MUCH better. Software conflicts between Samsung, Google and Amazon.
R1PLRIZSH61YGN	3.0	Not so bad not so good.	4	9	Samsung Galaxy Note PRO 12.2 is a monster of tablets. It has amazingly sharp and bright display. The S-Pen is superb. The processing power is OK but the Samsung UI just sucks. It is ugly, boring, slow, inconsistent, and not optimized for tablets. The notification shade is simply stupid. I had been using Nexus 10 before this and stock Android UI on that is awesome. Separate notification and setting toggles at different parts of the screen make sense, look good, and very very useful. I wish there was a GPE version of this tablet.
R3JB2W003SQ2CU	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	Very happy so far
R1JWHHVQFAW7VN	4.0	Wow features!	0	2	Great, sharp picture and easy to use. I had the 10" and I joyed it but this is a new species altogether and worth the price, maybe. I have the iPad Air and do not find this redundant.
R1B8PLJEA3GMQ	5.0	Top 5 Tablet Under $700 - BoldList	0	2	The Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 has earned a spot on BoldList's Top 5 Tablets Under $700! Check out the rest of the list: http://boldlist.net/top-tablets-under-700.php
R2XDDL6JYZPIJO	1.0	Another Samsung disappointment. Way over priced garbage.	5	11	So this thing has 3gb ram but usually only show about half a gig available if Im lucky. That should tell how much crap is running in the background and slowing this thing down. I own a dell venue 8 that only has 2gb of ram and shows more feee memory and runs faster than this thing. The dell is only has a dual core, yet this thing has 8 cores, how ridiculous. I own 2 other samsung tablets and the nx300 camera, all top of the line from Samsung when they were released, not impressed with any of them, especially the software side of things. I'd return it if we didn't get it for free from work. I hate the thought of using microsoft products again, but it sounds like that is about the only thing out ther that is ready for prime time (the slate). This thing would probably rock if you could easily remove all the bloatware. Shame on samsung for all thier proprietary CRAP. So disappointed.
R36OEQGVBJNGC3	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	great
R1YI7SO527QL87	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	good
R3PL8HU5MR1DOB	3.0	Three Stars	0	2	This tablet does not come with Brazilian Portuguese language option. I have problems to accentuate words because of this.
R2KWJ19CJEEREV	1.0	The power charger to this doesn't really charge the tablet ...	1	4	The power charger to this doesn't really charge the tablet. It takes about two days to 3 days to get a full charge. I took it to a Samsung reg and they reset tablet to see if it would help but it didn't help. Was told I would probably have to get a new charger. How odd to have to buy new charger for a new tablet...
R2Q228M5000QYO	5.0	Fantastic Product	0	2	I have had this tablet for a few days now and loving it.Received in excellent condition. Would recommend to anyone.
RQGQAINTCPYM0	4.0	It seems like I'd be better off buying a Galaxy note 4	0	2	It seems like I'd be better off buying a Galaxy note 4. This tablet is just like using my Galaxy S5
R2DHCP95B4UMG2	4.0	Good screen, just the limitations of android operating system ...	0	2	Good screen, just the limitations of android operating system keeps me from rating it higher.
R3VQFPZRLL1GGI	4.0	Four Stars	0	2	Awesome tablet and gorgeous screen. However the larger size makes handling the tablet clumsy.
R27692UVG7IS93	2.0	battery is the short board.	2	6	Pro: 90% of why choosing this pad is the big screen. Have seen the high resolution photos on it, I would not go back to the ipad. The other 10% is for multi-tasking. very useful feature. Con: Battery, for web browsing, a 100% charged battery can hold about 7 hour. Up to 13 hours of battery life per charge is a joke! Even when the machine is sleeping, the android system still consume a lot of power. I need to charge it every other day. sofware: Be prepared that many apps will not run as smooth as on ipad. Follow up: After 2 month, the battery looks deteriorating pretty fast. I need to charge it every day now.
R29IZ94EJ45H53	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	oh i so love it so far no problem with it.for great price it is really awesome
R2DGA2F82W6DGJ	1.0	The tablet worked very well in every respect except for ...	1	4	The tablet worked very well in every respect except for the screen-mirroring application. I tried three different models of the galaxy note pro and with each,the screen-mirroring app would not work.
R1FJ1SRKB2CYHX	3.0	BUT this isn't very good for productivity	2	6	This was everything you'd expect out of a galaxy tab, BUT this isn't very good for productivity. I attempted to buy this to use as an alternative to a laptop (with a USB keyboard) since most programs are available for android, but that was a horrible idea. My review is biased seeing as I didn't want to use this strictly for entertainment purposes, but meh it's just not worth the money for me. I bought a $200 laptop and it does much, much more.
R36L6I9LVEMJZ7	1.0	CAVEAT EMPTOR: BAIT & SWITCH BY SAMSUNG: NO Hancom Office Suite functions at all.	7	15	As a published Author (Amazon.com) I need a tablet so that I could do editing while on breaks at work or elsewhere. I purchased the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 White (64gb flavor) to accomplish that based on advertised "Business Features" "...Powerful apps for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations with support for common file types allow you to manage all your work on the go." Guess what? No, you can't. The installed so-called Hancom Office comes in a "Read Only" flavor. According to Samsung, you have log on to GooglePlay, set up an account including Gmail (regardless of the fact I already have an email account), then download the office apps needed to accomplish editing and other functions. Additionally, in doing this, you must agree to permit Google to have access to all of your personal information. I don't think so. I called Samsung and spoke with FIVE different representatives who each attempted to convince me to use "GooglePlay" to download the Hancom Office Suite, regardless of the facts I presented. I had to repeat myself a number of times to have them understand I have no intention of accessing GooglePlay under the circumstances as outlined, pointing out they were on the edge of committing outright fraud, stating in their advertisement that the software was available on the Tablet when in fact it was not. Moreover, no where in their AD does it state or intimate in any fashion that a buyer had to have a Google account, with Gmail, and open themselves up to such an invasion of privacy in order to obtain what their AD states is already available on the Tablet. I called Amazon.com and had a long talk with them about this...they encouraged me to document my experience with Samsung today. Amazon.com did an excellent job of working with me on this and earned my highest accolade for wonderful customer service. JCH Oh, did I mention that if you want simple things, such as fonts, you have to purchase those as well as other common features that come included in MS Office loaded on my desktop. If I had known that up front I would not have purchased this. Smacks of old fashioned "bait and switch" tactics used by arm-twisting cronies back in the day. I had rather hoped Samsung was better than that. Apparently not.
R257OX0JGCWBRR	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Im really impressed by da galaxy note pro. Samsung does it again
R15LVH7ZF96WZH	5.0	Couldn't be more pleased.	0	2	Arrived promptly and as advertised. Couldn't be more pleased.
R14G36SJT8W3LV	1.0	Samsung Faulty Code Release	3	8	We bought the Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 last August. Along with it we bought the Logitech protective case with keyboard. Service has been average up until recently. Within the last approximately 45 days Samsung had an update which we installed (Android 5.0.2). AFTER the update the Logitech keyboard would NOT work. After several chats and/or phonecalls between Samsung and Logitech, the two companies agree the fault lies with Samsung. Yesterday a new release was issued to solve the problem....which it did not according to a chat with Samsung. This is the worst customer service I have ever seen. Do yourself a favor and avoid Samsung as they obviously do not care about customers, only in selling product and phones. Also avoid Logitech as their keyboard product as of today will not work with the Samsung. Caveat emptor regarding Samsung and their Notepro. Do not expect any reliable service. Samsung tech also stated we need to start all over with factory settings as THEIR code release was faulty. Great job Samsung!!!!!
R1DU3O3Q35Z0GZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	B+
R1MJB2GXQMMM3A	5.0	Note Pro vs Tab Pro	0	3	About a year ago I bought the 64GB Samsung Tab Pro 12.2 inch tablet. I have used it just about everyday and absolutely love it. At times I do not even get on my iMac because the screen on my tablet is large enough to be productive, and the tablet does just about everything I need done. The major difference between my Tab Pro and this Note Pro is the inclusion of a STYLUS on this Note Pro (called an S-Pen). The Note Pro allows for handwriting recognition with the stylus. Outside of handwriting recognition, just about anything that can be done with the stylus can also be done with your finger. So unless you are strong in the graphic arts or need handwriting recognition then consider saving yourself some money and buying the Tab Pro instead. Most everyday casual users who mostly browse the web and send emails will be fine with just the Tab Pro. Both tablets will let you view FOUR screens at one time by launching one app, then dragging the icons of other apps onto the screen for a split screen view. Both tablets have TouchWiz. I tend to use TouchWiz, and like it, so it is not a problem for me. There is no way to get rid of TouchWiz so you are stuck with it. I own a Kindle Fire 8.9, Kindle Fire HDX 8.9, Samsung Tab Pro 12.2, Samsung Tab 7.0, iPad, some other off brand named tablets, and now this Samsung Note Pro 12.2. Of all my tablets, the Samsung 12.2 inch tablets are my favorites because of the large screen. The Kindle Fire HDX would be my favorite but the screen is small (8.9) and everything is on a black background on the Kindle that cannot be changed. The Samsung Tab/Note Pro on the other hand is 12.2 inches for the screen, and the background can be white as snow or black as the night. I also like that the Samsung allows for dual applications (actually 4 at a time). P.S. If you have ever owned the Samsung Note 2 phone that comes with a stylus, and never used the stylus, then chances are you will not use the stylus on the Note Pro, and can possibly save money by purchasing the Note Tab. KRN
R3QAAIVK8ZEA3T	5.0	Awesome and Amazing!!!	0	2	Neat! My husband's having loads of fun with it.
R2E16M6B8MBOIJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	This tablet is great for school and play.
RJWI2TNHWA1PN	5.0	Two Stars	0	2	Screen kept flashing. Returned to Amazon
R1HYNY4S2PR4NC	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	I freaking love this thing, period!!!!
R2O8UUI0BTS9KP	4.0	Four Stars	0	2	Best note tablet till date.
R2MNJ0V82BEC6B	1.0	I find that Android is a fine phone OS	7	15	This thing makes me miss Windows 8! As a developer, I find that Android is a fine phone OS, but does not scale well. But a phone or a $200 tablet for watching movies on bed, but buy a real computer, if what you want is a computer. This is an upscaled phone, which isn't a phone and doesn't really fill the gap between phone and computer. I'm returning mine, but love my Galaxy S4 PHONE.
R2E83RMPF5AYVJ	3.0	Poor display	0	3	The tablet is fast, the Samsung UI is ok, the pen is great. However looking at a dark screen or movie quickly reveals, that the display quality is less than great. You can see where the LED backlights are. Slightly pressing the screen (not more than holding it, or using it's touch function) reveals lighter blotches on the screen .... I expected a Galaxy S4 quality display, or something at least nicer than my iPad I replaced with this purchase. I only give it 3 stars because note taking, drawing and screen real estate is exceptional... the screen is at best : a sad example of quality control, but I guess after apple ruined IOS this is the best you can get for the money that matches up to an iPad ...
R5KHVKWENPD4Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Love the 12.1 tablet.
R12MUVS6W00WG7	3.0	Not a larger version of TabS but still better than an ipad	0	3	When compared to my TabS the screen resolution is terrible...blacks and grays get that square block look to them and viewing angles are less ...will not even launch graphically demanding tablet games like nova 3 or chaos rings....TabS has no problem running these despite having same guts as note....the optional keyboard case is klunky and cheap compared to TabS....this tablet does have a few redeeming qualities however....the pen is awesome and the sheer screen area is great for reading and the battery lasts longer than TabS...
R32O509U9KGU3X	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Super, excelente
R27Q0AVNRNFIU	1.0	Big Disappointment.	4	10	Bought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my husband, it is not working now, before this it would freeze up when trying to go onto internet explorer, he could go on chrome and it might work. He has reset back to original settings several times now and it worked for a shor time, but now it will not charge anymore. Well that's 600.00 down the drain!!! I cant return it. too late now!
R2EIHCTBQ5JC53	2.0	BUYER BEWARE..... THE CHARGER IS TO BE FOUND NOWHERE FOR THIS PRODUCT	1	5	Make sure you get a couple of chargers and don't buy this tablet from Verizon as it is very costly.. I paid $750.00 PLUS a huge activation fee to add it to my line. The charger is not durable and broke the first day I got it. Look for a charger that is compatible with this thing right now and you will not find one. I have called everywhere...including Verizon, Best Buy and made contact with Samsung. No one can help me out. This means that the tablet is worthless and now cant be charged. You can't use it!!!!. I suspended my line with Verizon for the tablet so I am not paying MORE money for a product that I cant use. Hoping they will contact me when a charger can be located. Needless to say its very frustrating. It would be nice to know when a charger will be available. I could of bought a couple of laptops for the price of this thing.
R1QQPCCV7YVB04	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	really great!
RQPQ7FS23ZCN6	5.0	Love the bigger size	0	3	I got this for my partner, who doesn't have the best eyesight, and he tells me that this bigger tablet is perfect for him. He can see text much better, watching videos is awesome and he is very happy with it. If you're someone who doesn't have eye problems, then the 10.1 2014 edition (which is what I still have) should be just fine.
R2S7EBJF0KJOVP	4.0	Fits like a glove..	0	3	Work perfect! No complaints very easy on the hands clean sleek and easy 2 carry. Stands up very nice, also a great price!
R3VF4GSBVMXO6J	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Love it.
R1MXFKIDIQLN7G	1.0	... ordered a white tablet and got a black one funny how the box it came in said white and ...	0	3	I ordered a white tablet and got a black one funny how the box it came in said white and had a sticker on it that said inspected im sure you did a real good job inspecting it you didn't even get the color right
R3EBSX0P81NH0S	4.0	Very good tablet with a glitch.	1	5	I have a 1 TB hard drive that is not recognized by the GNP. Had the trouble of backing it up and reformat it in FAT32 but it still doesnt work. Reformated it back to NTFS. Otherwise its a great tablet with many functions I didnt have on my Surface RT. Takes a little while to learn how to do things in ANDROID
R2HNP81VG3XQKY	2.0	Nice Concept, Far from Perfect.	2	7	I recently purchase this tablet and decided to return it. The display was nice, very nice. The screen eye sensor didn't work very well and the screen sleep mode kept activating. The reviews and stats claimed this device to have all sorts of processing power but I have to say it was VERY laggy. Even swiping between screens there was noticeable lag. This was with no programs running in the background. Sound from the device was nice. The value just didn't add up for me. For the money, this should have been a more polished offering from Samsung... Battery life was pretty good but nothing a high level tablet shouldn't have...
R14TGSRJ4IHWBI	4.0	Love it.	1	5	I already had a Galaxy Note 10.1 2014. I passed it down to my wife and bought the Note Pro 12.2. The note Pro doesn't work with Smart View or Watch On correctly. Maybe there will be updates later. Overall I love it so far. This is the sweet spot as far as screen size.
R275LW77O0LS6X	4.0	Super screen, heavy, no Flash	1	5	This has a great screen but it is heavy and has no Adobe Flash which means most Internet videos won't play. Also it has "swipe text" that cannot be disabled that often messes up what I'm typing. Apple has better text corrections.
R2E1C2JGO0TDY0	3.0	Can't watch amazon prime	1	5	Excellent but I can't watch amazon prime on it says device not supported other wise is great.... For my photos the resolution is excellent
R3HV5XNI2THVHS	2.0	Seemed promising, yet a major let down	0	4	The hope was that this high-end, relatively large, tablet would substitute for at least a Kindle Fire or be compar]rable to an I-Pad (over-priced mainly due to brand name). Other motivations for investing in the top-line Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 (64GB) included: the relative speed, as specified; the option for both 64GB internal storage as well as - a major selling point - an integrated SD-chip port; the larger screen for reading e-books and for streaming video. the latter is faster than a PC, but the graphics leave much to be desired and the screen is not very sesative (buy a keyboard). Unfortunately, right from the start a number of issue were manifest, including: the flimsy port-hinge basically broke after a just a couple of uses; the OS has difficulty reading the card itself; app/program operations are either slow and/or constantly lock up; moreover, crashes are the norm and file transfer is nearly impossible - especially email. Basic Office-apps are lacking. Also be aware that the battery life is only about 3 hours fully charged. Other relatively minor issues are available shields do not work well with this size screen; the charge cord is already loose - and good luck with the S-Pen - wherever it is. It is cear that Samsung does not "want" to be interoperable with Kindle or I-Pad and even make working with Google an PCs a chore. For what they do the Kindle Fire (Gen 1) and I-Pad exhibit far less issues. Maybe this is just a lemon, but given the time needed just trying to use basic functions is a major reason why I can not recommend this product. Perhaps - if I ever get in touch with Samsung - and they somehow "fix" these said issues, I will modify this review. But based on 2 months data, at this time I do not recommend this tablet.
RSL9GE8YRL4Y4	5.0	Excellent Android Tablet	0	3	Very good android tablet. I like the size better than my iPad.
RXS5MLE5GW20F	3.0	O.k.	0	3	O..k. not great. Still waiting for 5.0 update.
R3B6OFNQLJQ2U6	1.0	There are better tablets out there than this one	1	6	Review of Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 The only reason that I am giving this tablet one star is because of the effects that can be done with the photo editor. Other than that the tablet is useless. It’s too big to lug around and awkward when taking photos due to its size. It is too small to function well seated at a desk or anywhere else for that matter. The web browser is a joke. The instructions manual is next to useless. I went on the Samsung site tried Chat for support. Useless. Chat had no answer to the simple question: How to reduce the gargantuan 18 pt text size for Notepad or Action Memo. Evidently, 18pt is your smallest option. The chat person really didn’t even know what I meant. Have you ever tried to follow a white arrow on a white web page? The border on the arrow is infinitesimal.The arrow can barely be seen on a white page. Other useless offerings are the multiple home pages. How many home pages does a person need? Add to those a magazine home page where you have a choice of: • 8 apps like email and calendar which should go on your regular home page. • Some social media widgets. Who needs those on a separate page? • Widgets for samsung apps samsung video and samsung watch on. • Widgets for news, arts, technical, etc which then require Flipbook another joke. Lastly, the camera... It takes good pictures if you feel like lugging it around and don’t shoot anything farther away than about three feet. The camera has a mode feature for: beauty face (I am not kidding...beauty face) landscape especially useless since photos from farther away than three feet are pixilated. action shot another joke. There is no standard mode. I must also mention the video camera. You can take videos but you cannot edit them as the tablet cannot download Samsung Video Editor. I did not buy it on Amazon but am a loyal Amazon Customer. I want to warn others away from this tablet.
R1HQCC1CUGK9BY	3.0	Too expensive	0	4	I decided to buy it for the note taking features, but unfortunately its not as perfect as it seems. For one you cannot rest your palm just anywhere, go to far out the edges and your wrist bends because you cannot rest your palm on the same surface you are writing, and right in the center, the screen is VERY warm, which is pretty uncomfortable. Its hard to justify purchasing this, when you can get a laptop for the same price. A laptop can do pretty much everything this tablet can do and more, including handwriting using external hardware for another $60 to $150 bucks.
R3TLR6DOSVAG93	5.0	FANTASTIC AND BRILLIANT SAMSUNG TABLET!	0	3	FANTASTIC PRODUCT!
R3JUTQ8U0NOSDL	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Very good device
R3FZQBI8CGCSCA	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	I like it.
R2IL7RAEPVBF9V	5.0	Beautiful screen, fast processor and a size that fits ...	0	4	Beautiful screen, fast processor and a size that fits full-size keyboard accessories set this one apart. Now that Samsung fixed its firmware to allow full connection with Bluetooth accessories, there is very little lacking in this tablet.
R2HG09X41QS056	3.0	Gorgeous tablet, but NOT A LAP-TOP REPLACEMENT!	37	73	First, let me say that this is a magnificent piece of technology. The screen is gorgeous – amazingly clear and bright, very natural colors. The s-Pen function alone is worth the device for artists, and it’s super-cool to write notes on on-line articles, clip them out and email them to friends. Voice to text is flawless. The whole thing is fast, sleek and light. Watching 4K video on this is a dream. It’s very hard for me to part with this. As a tablet I give it 6 stars out of 5. Having said that, the reason I got the Galaxay Note Pro was because it has been touted as a lap-top replacement. I bought is as an office productivity lap-top replacement for my 81-year old mother, who has never used mobile touch technology. DOESN'T WORK FOR THIS. This is still Android, and even if file management, etc. is a little more convenient than iOS, it’s a tablet. To print a photo, you have to got out of the gallery, open a printing app, find the picture again, and go through many touch-steps (like a dozen touches) to choose all the options. Compared to a PC, it’s a bear. And for my 81-year-old non-techno mom to learn this? Forget it! That alone would take forever to teach her. But every basic PC function she’s used to, other than Chrome, is that much more complicated. Hword margins are in mm, not inches. (Maybe there’s a way to change it, but if so, it’s non-intuitive). The fonts are better than most Android WP apps, but limited compared to Word. There is no way to print non-gmail emails from any printing apps I tried. (Google only wants you to use Gmail, I guess.) And let’s face it – mobile operating systems were never designed to DO the data management and manipulation which Windows or Mac OS do so naturally. Mobile devices are still computer ACCESSORIES, designed primarily for communication and media consumption. Of course, they do many things a computer CAN’T DO. The touch-world and app-world are amazing. But not full-on office productivity. Theoretically, yes, you probably could do 80% of what a laptop or PC does on this, but yikes, what a nuisance! You could also write a novel on your smartphone, but would you want to? I’m bummed, because I love so much about this tablet. Here’s what I wish it could do, the future of mobile devices as I see it: Customizable voice-command presets: “Print 4x6 photo glossy” – “Print letter draft” – etc. You know, HAL from 2001. Sigh…. Bottom line: This is an amazing tablet (probably the best), but NOT a laptop replacement, unless all you do on your laptop is gmail and internet. Or if you’re a dedicated techno-lover who has lots of time and energy.
R1X0DY4VXT93RF	4.0	Four Stars	3	9	I wish it had a USB slot.
RUAFIJLIGPINC	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Great
R2EJI8I0KA2P31	3.0	Three Stars	0	4	A few problem when playing online video. It's really weird but I'm sure it's not a Samsung issue.
R2UF440XPSBR7K	1.0	Screen is unusually fragile.	20	42	The screen on this tablet is extremely fragile. Speak with an actual person -that YOU know (who is using one) BEFORE you buy this tablet. You can damage the screen with just normal use. Like picking it up by the corner with one hand. I was told by their rep that because of the screen size, the screen can "flex" and create an internal crack. So even if you don't drop it or put it down carelessly, you can still destroy your tablet with normal use. Wonder why there are no "defender" cases for this tablet? If you buy this tablet, you may know very quickly. I was trying to replace my ipad 2 which is still great after more than 2 years of use, -wanted a larger screen. Back to the drawing board :-(
R1HVF6Y78Z0ICL	1.0	defective tablet, wifi don't work properly keep switching on and off	10	23	The wifi when I bought this used tablet was not working properly, sometimes it works sometimes it does not when other electronic devices in my house working fine (tv, phone, laptops), don't buy a "used" tablet.
R23140YBF4RURY	2.0	Two Stars	0	4	Is not like ipad is slow a lot video can't see is not worth. .the money
R1A91KWR16XUZE	2.0	Great, except battery	0	4	Battery...battery...battery. Wow. This is sad. Its great minus that.
R1T1KBW2FY72AS	1.0	2 defective units in a row	24	50	I must be the most unlucky person because I received 2 defective units in a row. The 1st one had lots of dust underneath the camera glass and a blurry spot showed up in pictures and videos. The 2nd unit also had some dust underneath the camera glass, plus the chrome rim had a dent and looked worn at some spots, and the sprayed rubber back had lots of dust in it causing it to feel rough and peeling off if rubbed. My Tab2 7 and Tab3 8 were perfect OOB. How did they manage to drop the QC so badly within a few months? The fact that it has a sprayed rubber back (not good quality rubber either) which will deteriorated badly down the road based on my experience, I am going to get a refund and look for something else. It is a real pity because it would make an awesome pdf reader otherwise. They should have done much better for the price. *** UPDATE *** I gave it a 3rd try but bought from another retailer this time. This unit is fine except with a 1mm deep dent on the chrome rim (also happened on the 2nd unit). The only problem now is Kitkat 4.4.2 itself which doesn't allow file transfer from USB to extSD. The SD will completely disappear until reboot if trying to do so. A brief research reveals this is a wide spread issue and to me at least, renders the extSD useless as I frequently transfer audio/video/eBooks through USB. Rooting is the only solution AFAIK and obviously Google did this on purpose so looks like I am done with Android. Google is getting out of hand by making more and more questionable decisions in all areas. 1 star remains.
RG5K9WK108XJZ	3.0	No Flash/No Samsung	1	7	I wanted to Luv this tablet. I bought mine on base as there are no taxes. I was told 3rd party flash players would allow you to play vids. I needed it for online classwork & amazon prime vids. I also use Office software (word, excel, PPt) heavily. Although I luvd the resolution, speed, and ease of use, I had to return it after only 3 days. Samsung offers 24-7 live chat so after working with them each day for issues below, I knew I couldn't keep it. Cons: 1. None of the 3rd party flash apps recommended by Samsung would work. 2. Realized there's no screen mirroring for projectors. 3. When I updated Hancom Viewer to the full free Hancom Office, I opened it up and over 200 files (excel, word, PPt type) were already in there, most in another language. I signed up to the live chat & Samsung rep said they were there by default once updated to office so we had to delete in groups of 10, close the app, reopen the app so it'd recognize they were deleted then do this process about 19 more times. 4. I could never get used to the onscreen keyboard. If this was flash compatible, enabled connection to a projector, and came w/ a decent MS Office package/similar, I'd definitely recommend. Unfortunately it seems too many sites use flash for clips and downloads available to work around this don't always work.
R3AV2QXASZA2N0	3.0	It's just OK!	1	7	I think it would be a good product for someone that needs a tablet that size. I thought I did! But my main reason for returning it was not the size! It was screen clarity which I found to be somewhat less than what I'm used to, and rotational issues which are apparent on most Samsung products that use the technology!! There's always a lag or a waiting period for the device to go either landscape or portrait, I felt like I needed to shake it in order for it to go where I wanted. Basically it does exactly what it's supposed to do! But not well enough to make me want to keep it. I still would recommend the product without hesitation! as long as you know the pros & cons. Some of the above may not affect everyone! But it did me! I may also be more particular than most people!
RQJ7NVSSAGJY7	3.0	Great tablet	1	7	The tablet is great! Big, capable, and not too heavy. However, the power cord has quit, the battery run down and the thing is useless! I finally found a hint that stated I could use a regular USB charger connection and got the thing running again. Good tablet, pissy-ass attachments!
R12SJTQE2ROEV4	5.0	Pro 12.2	0	4	I love it.
RHFAGPF4RGMZB	2.0	Graphics very buggy	4	13	The graphics were buggy, especially on some websites such as Zillow where it would completely hang up. Also sometimes the launch times for some apps and websites were very slow. The functionality was impressive, but the performance left much to be desired, compared to an iPad.
R1TALIOS1MFF5Z	5.0	Samsung tab ket	0	5	I find it is to big. I would have preferred the smaller tablet.
R224M6CRJJED16	3.0	Good but slow	5	15	I was hoping they fixed the lag noticed in the note 2014, but it's the same. I don't think it worth this price tag.
R1RBLDLQ6BAOCT	2.0	Two Stars	2	9	I love it. Easier and faster than my laptop.
R3IEJSRUDG3ETO	1.0	Bigger size = Heavy on hand/ Less convient/ More fragile/Can easily break	18	42	I am regretting buying this item. I am a big fan of Samsung and android. After i bought this device, i found it difficult to handle, heavy on hand and much bigger than what i thought. For sake of protection, i purchased a leather cover. Few days later i realized that it became much much heavy, so difficult to carry on hand or use for reading. Eventually i decided to buy a rubber case that is too light. that was the biggest mistake. Very important point has to be taken seriously, the bigger the screen size the more fragile it will be. The screen is so fragile, you can easily twist the device and it feels as if it is going to break. Following a very very minor fall, my screen cracked, turned black, and of course that is not covered on waranty. This is one of the purchases i regret a lot. the 10.1 version is much much better, please don't fall in my mistake.
R1UGKUTUWS7MVA	1.0	Fuzzy Screen Shots	14	34	I loved this tablet, but there is one glaring issue; when I use the S-pen to do a screen write, the resultant picture is very blurry. I posted an inquiry about this, and also contacted Samsung customer service, where 20 minutes in, I realized they weren't going to be much help. As the other poster mentioned, I will be returning this and most likely going with another vendor -
R2O60D6RX0MF8X	3.0	No Amazon Prime	1	8	It is nice, but it does not play Amazon prime movies.. for this... I had to return. I will stay with my laptop.
RFXN9QII12009	2.0	Software Not Ready	7	21	There were so many things wrong with this device; mostly with the software (Android and Applications). I'll list them and then edit my comments as I recall them in the nesr future. Pros: Nice "portable" screen size for viewing and drawing. Screen resolution was good. Cons: No software updates were available; I had the latest release. Software problems: 1 - Chrome browser had a serious bug; browser tabs can't be accessed. Once you draw down the window shade to expose the browser tabs to be accessed, the window shade quickly went back up preventing me from selecting the tabs. I would think the Chrome browser would be at a working standard that is integrated with Android by now. Do I download the latest Chrome browser? All I asked was a working base version that came with the device. 2 - I was looking for the screen capture icon like my first (I believe) generation Note 10.1 but I couldn't find it so I took a photo if tge screen with my S4. I should have video taped it instead. 3 - I used the other browser included with the pre loaded applications to overcome the Chrome browser woes. 4 - The browser screen became "blank"; I took a photo of the screen with my S4. 5 - OS layout changes required relearning the OS. 6 - WIFI connections were unstable, the tablet states it is connected to my router...but no data flow. 7 - ? ...
R37IS8Z82D2YWZ	2.0	Two Stars	1	8	Well the keyboard bluetooth did not work would not complete to the tablet.
R26NZK57ECWFM	5.0	Five Stars	0	6	I arrived right on time and using it everyday.
R3D6UKL16WUJZD	1.0	What a Nightmare	14	36	It feels odd giving a completely negative review of an item that some many people have fallen in love with, but this has been my experience with the Galaxy Note Pro 64 gig. When I first received my Note Pro everything seemed great, I could even get a free book from Amazon once a month if I used the Samsung Kindle app. But within a couple of days the tablet was turning off whenever I would move it, even if I moved it just slightly. After that the menu button and other exterior controls frequently wouldn’t work. This made it impossible to exit a program (or settings). It went as far as the on/restart button not working either. I have to force a reboot in order to get out of the program I'm in most of the time. I thought it must be the tablet so I exchanged it. The problem returned almost immediately, so I contacted Samsung. The person I talked to said they’d never heard of anyone having this problem so they suggested a reset/reinstall, because they have to say something. The idea seemed pointless to me since I had just gotten a newer tablet a couple of days previous, but I tried it anyway. Everything was exactly the same in just a few hours. So I exchanged the tablet a second time, this time paying special attention to every detail of the set up process. The problem was back almost immediately. I’ve tried different things, like resetting the tablet without installing the programs I have saved, but it’s as if the tablet is infected with a virus that won’t let it perform as it should anymore. So I’m just about done. I’m going to give it a couple of more days to see if I can learn anything that might turn this tablet into the great tablet that everyone else seems to have gotten, otherwise I’m out.
R2B7TJQ63I4855	4.0	Four Stars	0	6	I loved it, just to high on $$$$$$
R2PQBF63YBI2KJ	3.0	great to much money	0	7	Realy like it , just havent figured it out yet , but thats me my grandkids love I will learn how to use it,
R1NTTTHZF6BZG6	1.0	One Star	1	9	defect product; samsung screwed up again
R140I3577HO0BI	3.0	Three Stars	0	6	Eh.
R6SKAVVUPQW73	2.0	Stick with an iPad	2	12	It's not a smooth and fluid experience like an iPad and has its own idiosyncrasies. Stick with an iPad if you are used to it
R1Y2Y0M4SHW208	1.0	Not worth it!	5	19	Not compatible with anything. Microsoft Office - NOT COMPATIBLE Amazon Instant Video - NOT COMPATIBLE Overall use is choppy. Not worth the price tag.
R1E1QFFNNGJX2X	3.0	I can assure you that Galaxy Note 2014 would be a better bet, if you really fancy a Galaxy Note ...	0	9	All my excitement died when I received this tablet. It was damn heavy and clumsy. Everyone that saw me with it wondered why I was carrying a laptop around. I can assure you that Galaxy Note 2014 would be a better bet, if you really fancy a Galaxy Note like me. I promptly returned this for a refund, but rather than buying the Galaxy Note 2014, I couldn't resist the newly released Galaxy Tab 10.5
R3VEFTTFA3EWTH	1.0	Second to ipad	0	8	Second to iPad.
RDHO8SR5P14R1	1.0	I HATE IT!!!	2	14	THIS TABLET HAD THE BATTERY ISSUE AFTER ONE MONTH I USED IT. IT CAN NEVER BEEN FULLED CHARGED. I TOOK IT TO SAMSUNG'S STORE, THE STAFF CAN'T HELP ME BECAUSE I BOUGHT ONLINE. IF YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR MONEY, JUST BUY IT. I'VE WASTED AUD883.17, I SWEAR I WILL NEVER BUY DEVICES FROM AMAZON AGIAN.
R2MGNDOYTO8ZMJ	3.0	good bad but not ugly	1	13	I just got mine so far I really like it I was considering buying another laptop since mine has started to glitch when I dropped it. Sure it's expensive but, I bought it for myself and I deserve it. Netflix looks great sketch apps are good. Memory wise it has its short comings, still planning on getting the laptop since most are fairly inexpensive and I have to upgrade to Windows 8.1, but my note pro 12.2 is great for me to carry around to work or on trips where I can sync it with my note 3 to use the hotspot when needed. I gave it three stars because I just got it and there is always going to be something better later on technology is moving quick and things become obsolete almost as soon as you buy them.
R2BNPEMKBP7E7N	2.0	Worlds worse support?	30	81	Just received this tablet and was trying to learn to use it. Wanted to download the users manual. It would not open with multiple browsers on multiple computers. Adobe acrobat says the file is damaged when I try to open it. I wanted to let Samsung know and have them send me one I could open. Here is the exchange: "Chat InformationPlease wait for a Samsung Agent to respond. Chat InformationAll Samsung Agents are currently assisting others. Thanks for your patience. A Samsung Agent will be with you shortly. Chat InformationYou are now chatting with 'Sammy'. There will be a brief survey at the end of our chat to share feedback on my performance today. Chat InformationYour Issue ID for this chat is LTK112560314268X Sammy: Hi, thank you for reaching out to Samsung technical support. How may I assist you? ct: Just received my Galaxy Note PRO 12 inch today. ct: Went to the website and the pdf of the users manual is damaged and wont open Sammy: I understand that the pdf user manual is not opening. ct: correct. tried chrome, ie, and firefox on multiple computers and the galaxy itself Sammy: I will be right with you. Sammy: I am checking the information about this. Sammy: I have checked the information. Sammy: As you have tried with multiple browsers and still unable to download a user manual, I am forwarding this to the appropriate department and they will look into this issue. Sammy: Please provide me with the following details. Sammy: Full Name : Home phone number: Cell or mobile number: Email ID: Street address (cannot be a post office box): City, state and zip code: Model Number of the product: Serial Number of the product: ct: Sammy. that is crazy. you can check the website to see if it opens yourself. It won't and then you can just tell whoever you need to tell. What you should be offering is to send your new customer a good pdf of the manual to his email at XXXXXX@XXXX.XXX so he won't send his new tablet back because of poor support. Sammy: I understand your concern. Sammy: I need to forward this to the appropriate department so that they will check the exact issue with downloading the user manual. ct: Please pass this exchange along to your boss and your marketing department. Tell them they can also view this exchange on the Amazon website as to why a customer returned his new Tablet Sammy: I relate to what you have said as a consumer. Sammy: There could be an issue with the link for downloading the manual. Sammy: The appropriate department will check what could be the exact issue. Sammy: Please provide me with the details so that I can forward it to the appropriate department. ct: if someone sends a users manual to my email address in the next 30 mins, I will continue to try to learn the product. if not I will send it back. A users manual should not be a lot of trouble for the customer Sammy: I understand your requirement; however, I am afraid to say that we do not have an option to send you a manual through an email.
R27DDOX4H3P5DR	1.0	Never trust Amazon again. Make sure your product's seal is unbroken!!	30	85	I was so excited to get the Samsung Galaxy Note pro 12.2. I ordered the product from Amazon and when i received the product i was very disappointed with it. First of all, the seal was broken (opened), and Amazon has covered the broken seal with another seal of their own. I can clearly say that there were two seals one on top of the other. But they've put the other seal on top of the original broken seal so that it would appear that the product was new and unopened. The second thing is that there was an obvious fingerprint on the device when i opened it, And also some dust inside. The third thing is that the original stickers ( that cover the sides and the back and the screen ) were replaced by a cheap replica and i could tell the difference for they were not placed perfectly onto the product and there were bubbles appearing on the screen sticker. Anyhow, i always doubted amazon selling used product and i said i'll try this time maybe i'm wrong. But i was right. I returned the product and will never trust Amazon again. Always buy from the original company, even if you have to pay a little money on the taxes. It's better than getting a used product.
RABRLF5Q2UDAF	1.0	Glamorous piece of junk.	8	33	Major issue with file transfer from USB to Micro SD card Wanted to transfer files from USB Hard drive (128 GB FAT 32) to Micro SD card (64 GB). It worked fine for few files and then transfer failed. I copied HD movie file and mp4 video files, transfer worked for few files then stopped. The tablet recognizes the SD card and USB drive and I can view data and play files from the USB Drive and also shows SD card.. so nothing wrong with USB or micro SD card . But the transfer of the files failed after the transfer of few files. I formatted the SD disk and again try to copy from USB to Micro SD card and it failed again. I took my system to best buy Samsung Re. They also tried and could not transfer the files from the USB to micro SD card. They called the Samsung technical consultant who gave a ridiculous answer that the system cannot be used for file transfers. So what I am supposed to do with this tablet ? Just browse net and download games ...? I wanted to store video files and photo albums on SD card by transfer from USB drive and watch them when I am in a place where I do not have internet access and also use this for my video presentation. But, could not make this work. I spent hours to resolve and even best buy Samsung representative tried their best but failed. In a nutshell FILE TRANSFER FROM USB TO MICRO SD CARD DOES NOT WORK. I have not tested the display ability on large screen as I do not have the connector. For me this tablet is glamorous piece of junk. I would call Samsung tech support myself and see if this get resolved. I talked to Samsung Tech support and they concluded my SD card to be defective( which I purchased from Costco a day ago). It is weird that micro SD worked for few hours then gets screwed for some reasons. I went to best buy purchased another SD card and tested. For now I am able to copy from the USB drive to Micro SD card. Let me see how this goes and would update my review.
R580MGSFV22EL	3.0	Love it, but as a tablet, the size is too much to handle	25	84	First, I bought this today at noon. Black. Also, I have an S4, and the gear watch...also an iPad 2 32g. It is time to change out the iPad while support is still to be had. I was geeked about this, the size all the extras..and I truly love it. I travel often, so this considered a nice option for the flights, both for work and leisure. But once I got it in my hands, was able to sit with it, move around, try both landscape and portrait, I realized how large this ting truly is. I started to doubt it's practicality in my working environment, one not far off from many others. That being said, I have come to the solid conclusion that it is just simply too large as a true tablet. I am 6'4"...a big guy...big hands. It is just too large to use as a natural tablet. With a keyboard, or less frequent mobile use...it likely is a gem. But when I consider traveling, flying, pulling this sled out in a meeting, you may as well grab your lap top...NOT A TABLET....I just can't do it...plus the price does not make it any easier to overlook the uncomfortably large size. As in all things, especially tablets, how one uses it defines how good it is...to each person. To me, The size, as a tablet replacing an ipad2 for business and personal use, it was overbearingly large. I really, really wanted to love this and have it work out....but it is going back. I have since purchased a 32GB 10.1 Note 2014 edition, I believe it is a better, natural, tablet. I love the Stylus...so the TabPro may not be an option.
R5O8TTPNLGLYD	1.0	One Star	0	15	I asked a note with slot to sim card. I didn t receive in this way.
R2WFX6PNGJ6SO8	1.0	Never buy from Amazon LLC	20	86	Samsung Galaxy Note Pro is a great product. You can rate other sellers from Amazon, but there no feature to rate AmazonLLC. I am buying a lot from other sellers through Amazon,I had one our two problems before, that time Amazon pushed sellers to cooperate. I thought Amazon is a good option to buy online. But when I got a problem after I bought directly from Amazon LLC and tried to resolve a problem there is ZERO cooperation ! They just saying I can return a product, but they do not know how much will be restocking fee till they will get it. They said they do not mach prices even from a producer, they said a lot of things short version: We do not care!!! I will never by directly from Amazon LLC.
R2XW2K570R0NU9	3.0	Good but not good enough for me to keep it.	0	22	very nice works well, but for some reasons i still like my ipad air better. maybe it cost too much i guess. i returned it.
RTEM89LYDZD7G	1.0	One Star	1	26	I was satisfied until I experienced bad delivery service by the carrier. .
R35K9GZVVNGD8U	3.0	It's absolutely beautiful, but it's Android....made for Aliens, not unique Humans	0	28	I haven't bought this Tablet, but since I picked it up at Costco,I really fell for it. It is just so cool. The feel, the faux leather aluminum combination; it has a great quality feel to it. But I'll be sticking with Apple. I regretfully bought the Galaxy 4S Active. My first and last Android device. My IPad is 95% me! personalized! self chosen apps. My Android aggravates me every time I turn it on with all the crap apps that I don't want, will never use, and get tired of looking at. I wish this was the newest Ipad, I would buy it and love it
R3AOANY5B574GR	5.0	simply da best out there	2	42	am rating this device before i even receive it because i believe it's the best out there. i just hate the price of it.
R23WJR32DGIBX1	3.0	First impressions...	9	86	Ok, why is the instruction booklet written on recycled grocery bag paper? And what is that little U shape metal thingy for? And those five little daggers? Am I missing something here? I like the BIG SCREEN! More eye ball strain. My scribe stopped working for some reason, a reboot fixed it. More later. What is that little U-shaped metal thingy? It has me puzzled. Some guy sent me an email, calling me an 'iDIOT!' for not figuring this out. I am a senior and I am slowing down, but that doesn't make me an idiot, just slow. I'm trying to add my printer and it see it, but keep taking me to the Play store! Why? I just want to add my printer. It doesn't tell me why I need to go to the Play store or what I am suppose to do, after I get there!!!! Just a bunch of printer icon, but which one to pick? This has go to be THE MOST STUPID printer set up I have ever used. I still can't select my printer, cause I don't know that this stupid table want me to do!!!!!!!!!! My Kinder HDX, no problem! I ran a bead of heated clue around the back side, about an inch in and followed the outline. It kept slipping out of my hand and falling on the rug! It's to slippery. But, not with the bead of heated glue, from a glue gun, I can hold onto it. FYI> I thought you could take a desktop picture by swiping your hand across the screen? I copied one to the scrapbook, but can't find the scrapbook! Does this tablet have one? And what is that little u-shaped piece of metal used for? And those tiny little spears? Da. I put some velco loop tape on either side on the backside of the tablet, to hold onto it better. Seem to work!
R1YJ6BOW3MCU7L	1.0	Note Pad	2	57	I returned to order a 11.6 laptop so I could have full operations than having a Notebook. I am sure this is good quality as I have purchased Samsung products before.
