R1TXTP8GNETALS	4.0	A great entertainment tablet	514	533	I've recently purchased a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7 inch (the normal, non-Lite version), so it was fun to get to compare that to this Lite version. The Lite is well built... it feels very solid in your hands, with a a textured back instead of the slick plastic back of the non-lite version. I guess the textured back is less expensive, but it also is easier to hold and feels good in the hand. The buttons for volume and standby feel solid and are easy to press (and to know they've been pressed). I like the design, too. It's just the right thickness, and the bezel may be a bit wide but this makes it easier to hold. With a touchscreen, it's annoying if I can't hold the thing without accidentally hitting the screen. The screen itself has a good resolution, but the contrast is definitely not as defined as with the non-lite tablet. This is noticeable when playing darker games or movies. To test performance I installed a few games and played some HD movies. For movie playback, this sucker is rock solid with no frame skipping I could detect. For games like Airplane!, Radiant, Candy Crush, and Angry Birds, this tablet is great, with pretty visuals and a nice size surface for gameplay. For Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas, with graphics set to maximum, the framerate was too low for easy gameplay. On medium the game was largely playable, though the frames would suffer somewhat if a lot was happening while driving. I found the game great to play on low graphics (which in my opinion look just fine). I find the performance of the tablet to be fine, but that's worth paying attention to. For comparison, the regular Galaxy Tab 3 performed obviously better on GTA San Andreas on medium, but was pretty similar on max graphics. There was no difference on less demanding games that I could detect. Websites and movies all loaded great on both. For other differences, it only has a 2 megapixel camera on the back, and no cam on the front. Video chatting is a nice feature of the other tablet, but it's not a big deal to me to lose that feature. In fact, if you have concerns about being spied upon, then you might even like the lack of a front facing cam. To sum it up, a 7 inch tablet is just the right size for commuters or lounging on the couch. Everything is easy to read, and there's plenty of room for a screen keyboard, but it's also very easy to hold. Surfing the internet or watching a video on this is great, especially when I ride a bus or train around town. While it's watchable in full sun, the picture will wash out, due to the glossy screen and inferior contrast. Battery life is absolutely fantastic! About nine hours of regular goofing off, and about three-four of playing San Andreas (I keep going back to that because it's by far the most stress I can put on the device). You get a Micro SD slot, so you aren't locked in to any content vendor or the space limitations of the device. That alone makes this better, for me, than an iPad or many of the 'best' android tabs. Swiping to type works great, and S Voice is very handy (though Google Now is great for its own purposes). For example, I can set an alarm without fumbling through the menus, simply by double clicking the front button and saying "set an alarm for eight hours (or the time I want)". That is so much better when you're tired and have taken off your glasses. Android's software library is stout, with a lot of awesome free software, a great browser in chrome, and awesome paid content too. If you haven't had an android device yet, this is an affordable way to get some awesome stuff. If you've only used it on a phone, you will be impressed with how your favorite apps look on a bigger screen. A nice game on a tablet screen puts your old Gameboy days to shame! I did save a map and use this for navigation for a little while. It did a great job, though I really don't need anything that big for the task. While there are better deals out there for a budget tablet, I really like Samsung's build quality and proprietary software (S-Voice, for example). Is that worth the extra money (or alternatively the less powerful processor, depending on what you're comparing this to)? I say it is, but with the current price I would go with the non-Lite Galaxy Tab. I suspect that this product will be more affordable in the near future, so this is one to keep an eye on if you're just wanting an inexpensive way to read e-books and watch media. Others may recommend a more generic branded tablet, which for the money will definitely get you more features and horsepower, but I've learned that the poor man pays twice with these mobile electronics. Get the good brands, and you'll be ahead in the long-run.
R3RR4XI8OCGXE7	3.0	Good for what it is. Could be better.	300	312	What is has: 7.0" 16M-color LCD capacitive touchscreen of 1024x600 pixel resolution; 170 ppi Android OS v4.2.2 with TouchWiz 1.2 GHz dual-core Cortex-A9 CPU, GC1000 GPU, 1GB of RAM, Marvell PXA986 chipset 2 MP autofocus rear facing camera with face detection VGA video recording at 24fps 8 GB internal storage, microSD slot max. 32GB 3G version with voice communication and SMS available - NOT included in this model Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n support GPS with A-GPS connectivity; GLONASS support Stereo Bluetooth v4.0 microUSB port for charging, USB charging cable, wall adapter Accelerometer sensor Standard 3.5 mm audio jack Document editor and file manager comes preinstalled 3600 mAh battery Main disadvantages: No USB OTG support - No HDMI port Low screen resolution-1024x600 Feeble chipset-only 1GB RAM Only one speaker and placed at the back No front-facing camera If you're looking for a compact and inexpensive tablet - one you wouldn't worry about getting lost or damaged - this is as good a choice as any. This tablet is a stripped down version of the Galaxy Tab 3. Want to use SKYPE? Sorry, no front facing camera. Want to attach a USB stick, mouse or keyboard? Sorry, no USB OTG support. The tablet is extremely basic, primarily for tasks like reading and sending email, reading a book or magazine, watching Netflix or streaming music. The tablet works ok for what it is and I get about 6-9 hours out of the battery before recharge depending upon how I am using it. The tablet will work well as a travel tablet, or one for the kids to use. Just don't expect too much of it. Competition: The ASUS MeMo Pad HD7 costs the same as the Samsung tablet but has better screen resolution, faster quad-core processor, front camera, higher-res rear camera and is lighter. The Lenovo IdeaTab A3000 matches the Lite in all aspects: display size and resolution, Android version, battery but adds a front camera, better rear camera, USB OTG and a more powerful processor at the expense of a little extra thickness and weight. Again, not a bad tablet for the price, but there are other tablets available with better specs for the same money. If this tablet were priced between $100 and $120, it would be a good deal. At $150+, it's just too expensive for what you get.
R11K51TKBN934O	1.0	The tablet was working fine and charging correctly at night	156	166	After 2 weeks of attempting to get my Samsung Tab 3 warrantied I am told tonight by Willy in Consumer Relations that "there is nothing Samsung can do to repair my tablet", incessantly sighting Physical damage as the cause. The tablet was working fine and charging correctly at night, in the morning it would not turn on or charge. I took two pictures of the charging port showing there was no physical damage prior to shipping it to the repair centre, as I was expecting to be brushed off citing physical damage, as is common with consumer electronics. Willy insisted that there was no way their service centre could have damaged the unit and stated that it was "obviously my fault". I was treated extremely poorly and I still do not have my tablet back, however the service centre will fix it for a fee. When I asked to speak to someone else, I was told "there was no one else to speak with" which I find hard to believe that Willy is solely handling all of the Samsung inbound calls on his own. Buyer beware: Samsung does not honour their warranties and cites physical damage as a reason.
R2D4GK6K52MRKL	2.0	Software update removed Play Store compatibility	53	57	Purchased as a gift for my daughter. The product description indicates Google Play Store compatibility. Out of the box, this is true, but one of the software updates removed the Play Store icon. When I tried Play Games to install games from Google, I received a message that the device was not compatible with some Play services and I should contact the manufacturer. Almost none of the games I wanted for my daughter were in the Samsung store. Not having Google Play is a deal-killer for me.
RQG4AD64FS1Y1	5.0	Breaking News: Apple Fanboy Goes Android	34	37	Let me start this out by saying I never thought I would own an Android tablet. Ever. I have been an Apple fan since 2005. Since then I have owned 2 iPods, 3 iPhones, 2 Macbook Pros, and 1 iPad. I'm extremely clumsy and constantly drop things. I accidentally dropped my first iPod down a flight of stairs and it still worked. I found Apple to be sturdy and reliable in their products... until now. My iPad, or as I like to call it "Sir Crash-a-lot," has been the tablet from hell. It worked great for a year but then it started dying. I've owned Sir Crash-a-lot for three years now. I have spent three years trying to save up for a newer iPad. But after saving for three years to replace Sir Crash-a-lot, I vowed to never buy an iPad again. Instead I went out and did something no Apple fanboy has ever done: I bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab. What drove me to buy this tablet? Apple's unreliability. Sure, my iPad's apps ran slowly. Sure, the apps crashed a lot. But the final straw came when iTunes decided my Apple account should no longer be associated with my library, should be split into two parts (old email address & new email address), and should not be linked to my iPad. Oh, I should also mention iTunes deleted a ton of music I bought from my tablet because "You do not have permission to access the following file(s)." After almost 10 years of being an Apple fanboy, I went online and searched for Android tablets. Since I knew several people who loved their Samsung Galaxy phones, I went with the only tablet I could afford: a refurbished Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite. Shortly after taking it out of the box, I realized how great this tablet is. Even though the size was quiet a downgrade (I'm near-sighted and like to use my tablet without my reading glasses) I have had no problems reading text on it. The screen has better color than my iPad or my husband's iPad Mini. The screen switches quicker and loads faster than any iOS device I've ever seen. I love all of the customization that comes standard on Android. Even with all of its great features that I have grown to love, this tablet isn't without its problems. Most of the problems that come with it that people talk about is either the slow processor or the speaker being on the back. Neither of those are a huge problem for me. My biggest problem is the standard memory. Out of the 8gb, over 2gb are taken up by the operating system and the bloatware apps that I'll never use (and can't remove). After installing all of the apps I use regularly, I only have 2gb of space left. That's not much space. Thankfully, it has expandable memory. After I get a good 64gb micro SD card (my old one was corrupted), I plan on moving some of the big apps onto the card and putting my music library on it. The longer I have this tablet, the more I wish I bought it instead of an iPad for my first tablet. For anyone who's looking at getting this tablet, you will need the following: 1. An impact-resistant silicone case to absorb the shock of any falls the tablet will experience. 2. A tempered glass screen protector to prevent the screen from breaking. 3. A 64gb micro SD card to store most of your music, photos, and apps.
R3A0HET9JDNQ	3.0	You will be much happier with the Non-Lite version!	111	131	Bought and returned. Decided I couldn't live with the single speaker facing towards the back. Picked up the Regular Tab 3 which has a better build, better components, a front facing camera and two speakers on the bottom. You also get a much better screen. The screen of the Lite is of cheaper material and you can see faint horizontal lines built into the clear display. It kept developing streaks/smears on the screen (I believe due to the heat of the display) which I had to constantly wipe off. The Lite also took forever and a day to recharge the battery. The only thing I will miss with the Lite version is the Jelly Bean 4.2 OS which has gesture typing and the ability to store some apps on a external micro SD card. The lite is priced too high and should go down once it's been on the market for awhile.
R2XAOP4O2TT2I1	1.0	NO FRONT CAMERA!!!!	28	31	THE PICTURE CLEARLY SHOWS A HOME SCREEN CAMERA BUT IT DOES NOT HAVE ONE. I AM NOT HAPPY ABOUT THIS AT ALL. I AM CONSIDERING SENDING THIS ONE BACK AND BUYING ONE AT A STORE THAT I CAN SEE AND KNOW WHAT I AM GETTING. BOUGHT THIS ONE FOR THE PRICE BUT IT IS NOT WORTH IT.... SAVE YOUR MONEY AND INVEST IN A GOOD TABLE THAT HAS ALL THE FEATURES YOU WANT!!
R1F5ZAUCP4KDVG	4.0	Great as an intro tablet	18	20	For being my first tablet, I love it. But the memory space is so small that it fills up too quickly. I'd much advise any buyer purchasing a MicroSD card post haste. I've got several games and books on mine, and I'm in serious need of a memory expansion card now. -.- Still, good buy.
RHFFGVJH0IWTD	5.0	good so far, but make sure you don't press buttons accidentally	13	14	I was about to send this tablet back as defective because, nearly every day, it would spontaneously and repeatedly reboot itself and the volume would automatically drop to zero. It was essentially unusable. Then, I noticed that the way it was sitting in my tablet stand, the power and volume buttons were at the bottom, and the weight of the tablet may have been causing the buttons to be pressed unintentionally. I've since flipped the tablet around and have no longer had the auto-reboot and sound disappearing problems. The tablet now works great. The only slight disappointment I've found with this tablet is that, as mentioned by other reviewers, it does not have support for USB OTG. So, I was unable to use an external USB keyboard that I plugged in. I did, however, successfully pair and use a Jelly Comb Universal Bluetooth Keyboard Ultra Slim with this tablet. Considering that this external keyboard cost less than $15 including shipping, I don't mind not being able to use the USB keyboard. Overall, I'm very happy with this tablet.
R39BW2X0I0ZX4K	5.0	Surprisingly great tablet for a low price	9	9	This is overall a great tablet. I am a college freshman and I love that I will be able to load some of my textbooks on here as e-books and not only save money but not have to worry about carrying a textbook or my bulky laptop around campus. The display is pretty good with decent screen resolution. I had previously purchased a $100 Toshiba tablet from Best Buy and within 2 weeks I returned it because I had issues with wi-fi connectivity and could not stand the poor screen resolution. I am so glad I did so because for just $40 more, I have a tablet that I completely love and can see myself using everyday.
R1LD8VXCKAGAL6	1.0	My other daughter already had a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 (regular) that she loves so I figured the 3 Lite would be fine. We were dis	6	6	I bought the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite for my daughter. My other daughter already had a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 (regular) that she loves so I figured the 3 Lite would be fine. We were disappointed however and had to return the Galaxy 3 Tab Lite as there were a couple games that would not run on the Lite that run fine on the old Tab 2. Most games did work, just not all. When you click to run the game the screen would black out for a period of time before returning to the home screen. After returning it we bought a regular Galaxy Tab 4 and she couldn't be happier. All the games run fine and it works like a charm. I would recommend getting a normal version of the Galaxy Tab and stay away from the Lite version.
RC4OLLGV1PZ89	4.0	Loved it!	8	9	This is a pretty good tablet. It is very fast and very simple to use. It is the perfect size of screen to watch movies and play games. The battery lost last a long time and doesn't take long to charge. It is portable and light.
R7I82O98H296D	5.0	Five Stars	9	10	It was very good
R36JO28AB48OO6	5.0	Better than a kindle fire!	4	4	Bought this to replace my kindle fire. There is no repair on kindles. I'd you don't buy the extended warranty you must replace it if the screen breaks. This does everything my kindle does and can be repaired if I break the screen by dropping it! Price is also better than a kindle fire.
R3H6MBB1H9NFKG	3.0	Ok for what it is...	5	6	The Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite is a decent tablet but could be a lot better. Cons: - The resolution: While it's pretty good, it's not great. 1024x600 will not give you the bright, vibrant on screen colors that we've come to expect with today's tablets. - Outdated software: The tablet comes with Android 4.2, Jelly Bean OS. Being that as of 2014, the latest Android version is 4.4, Kit Kat, that is unacceptable for a device that came out this year. - The battery life is only average: Be prepared to possibly carry a charger around with you, especially if you're a heavy user. - Only 1GB of ram: This will make running many programs on this device slow it down quite a bit. - 2mp camera: Though I doubt too many people will be using this device to take pictures on a regular basis, 2mp is still low especially in this day in age. It's ok in a pinch though I suppose. - Rear speakers: This seems to be an issue with many Samsung devices. They love putting their speakers on the back so if the device is resting on a flat surface, the sound gets muzzled. Pros: - Slim, compact and lightweight: Because of this, it makes this device very portable and easy to manage. - Good images and text: Despite the low resolution of the screen, images still look pretty good and the text is clear - Fast: Only provided that you don't have many programs running in the background. See above. Despite the affordable price, you might be better off with the regular Tab 3. This device is the "Lite" version so of course you will not get all of the bells and whistles and it may not run optimally because of it's low specs. However, if you're looking for a brand name, no frills tablet, this one is for you.
RDF288LDZK61F	5.0	Great Tablet	3	3	Bought this for my 5 yr old grand-daughter, make sure you get a silicone case for it.in case it drops..The day she dropped it and busted the glass was the same day the case got delivered..she broke it in the morning case came in the afternoon. Luckily I had bought the insurance plan for it..and it was replaced with no problem, very easy to use.. Even my grandson who is 2 uses it with no problems at all..The battery lasts a decent amount of time..It even takes good pictures..I just wish it had a dual camera...Besides that It was a great buy for this family
R2W8F5U6UVCSQ8	5.0	durable	3	3	More durable than the ipad and the reason why I say that its becuase I just dropped my tablet about an hor ago and thats the third time and haven't got a scratch or dent but when I had my ipad which was a year ago had fallen from 2 feet and the whole screen cracked i was so desapointed at apple .
R33FB8X2XZDEPE	1.0	Send it to the Moon	14	19	This is a crap product. Do not buy it. Too many battery issues. If you GOOGLE this product you will see the same thing. I bought this product without researching it since my son wanted it. We had to replace it, and now the second one fails!!! He cannot use it at school due to the constant shutting down. Bought an Apple Ipad Mini instead, even though it costs much more. If I sound too strong about this, just trying save you some trouble.
R2CFFLXBWLL3L8	5.0	Good little tablet.	3	3	Great. Love it. It's my kitchen buddy. Runs my sonos speakers, displays my recipes, and hangs out with me while I am cooking. Everyone needs an extra tablet just for the little things.
RT6V2BPQD6BHD	5.0	Best deal for the money!	5	6	I have had my new tablet for approximately three months now, and I LOVE IT! A great tool that works well with everything! Auto sync, speak type, massive apps, and so much more......best deal for the money!
R1K6SD88CS2Y61	5.0	WORKS LIKE A CHARM!	2	2	I ordered mine without realizing it was the lite version but it works like a charm. I have experience with several tablets and I previously had two Galaxy Tab 1st generation and they worked marvelously well, and this tablet is no exception. I love the perfomance and design not to mention the awesome color!. I am a designer and I use it for showing my work to clients but I do have a lot of apps and they all work great!. The only thing to mention is that the camera on the back is not that great and it has no camera on front. Other than that I really love it! I really recommend this tablet to anyone looking for a low price brand tablet. Mind you, you should get the proper case for it since the camera is in a different position compared to the normal Galaxy Tab 3.
RPX4LCZCTLZE2	2.0	The tablet works well but the are many dents around ...	3	3	The tablet works well but the are many dents around the bezel and on the back. The home button is wobbly and defective.
R3A1D33ZPMU8JN	2.0	but the camera sucks and does not take very clear picture's	3	3	Tablet functions as expected, but the camera sucks and does not take very clear picture's.
R22P2G5HWL6J28	3.0	Good product. Details on the description are incorrect	2	2	Product looks good and works good. My only major complaint is that the description advertises 64 gb expandle memory through a micro sd. Upon receiving the item i found out it only accepts 32 gb and smaller micro cards. This wouldn't normally be a problem but i ordered the 64 gb micro sd card when i ordered the tablet. So i ended up with an unnecessary hastle and waste of money... three stars for unaccurate details in the description and no easy way to contact to resolve. I will keep the product either way
RQ0V0NDGK7CH9	4.0	It is a very nice tablet. I do like it	2	2	It is a very nice tablet. I do like it. I do not care for the on/off button, which must be pressed down for a few seconds instead of just a quick press. Takes a while to start up. That could definitely be improved. I didn't pay $300-400 for it, either, so those things I overlook most of the time. I am not getting the battery life out of it that was advertised, however. That I do not like about it. I would have given it five stars if not for that.
R3AVM5P9LTGO6	1.0	Not a great purchase for me	13	18	Sorry, but this particular Samsung Tablet 3 wasn't for me. It had a boot startup time of just over four minutes, even after I turned off selected startup programs. Any changes, such as clearing the cache, did not speed up performance. I like Samsung, and I have a Samsung Tablet 2 and it works great, with a startup time of less than two minutes. I received it yesterday returned this Tab 3 to the vendor of purchase today.
RX6U4G88X0ECG	1.0	Very very cheaply made.	21	30	I own Samsung GT-P6200 Galaxy Tab (couple of years old). I was given a new Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite as a present few weeks ago. This NEWER Lite version is much much worse than my OLD GT-P6200 tablet in EVERY category. Sound is bad, you can't really enjoy playing music, video is not that good, I don't want to watch movies on it. When I tried to make my own video, it was all grainy, grey, low quality, smaller size, not whole screen, sound was horrible, some cracking and scratching on the background. Photos are also no good. Just makes you upset when you try to make a picture of a beautiful sunset and instead you get something bleak and flat on the screen. In general it is cheaply made. Even USB cable that came with it is shorter, cheaper, and stiffer in comparison with the GT-P6200. No earphones in the box. No front camera so no video chat. Or turn it around and they will see you but you will not see them. They tried to make it as cheap as possible cutting costs on every corner. Tablet has only three home screens and some kind of Android system with the simplified functionality. I don't know what to use this tablet for, maybe just to read books or to have it as an external hard drive. I keep it as a backup in case my regular tablet gets discharged. It doesn't break but it doesn't give you a real pleasure of using it either. Just an annoyance. For its functionality I would price is around $50-$60 when new. It's more than TWICE OVERPRICED, it is no good even for a school kid. My advice is to spend a little bit more money and buy something better.
RUMZU7HTY6ANW	5.0	Arrived on time in perfect condition. Purchased as Mother's Day gift and she ...	2	2	Arrived on time in perfect condition. Purchased as Mother's Day gift and she loves it. Slightly less powerful than the regular Tab 3 but sturdier and with textured backing. Perfect for the beginner/intermediate Android user on a Wi-Fi signal. Does not have "selfie" camera on front which may put some people off. Also does not support 3G/4G. Great price point and features. Kinda hard to find a case too.
R38AP9GUPS6BZM	2.0	regular Galaxy Tab 3 is better than Galaxy Tab 3 Lite	15	21	Galaxy tab 3 is way better than this lite version. I would recommend to save your money and go for Galaxy Tab 3 not Galaxy Tab 3 Lite. The rear camera is very bad. It has a lot of lag. No front camera. The design definitely feels cheaper compare to the regular Galaxy Tab 3. I should have read the reviews before buying.
R3MIDLEWNTVYAC	4.0	For the price is a good tablet, but I was expecting a tablet with ...	2	2	For the price is a good tablet, but I was expecting a tablet with better performance. Opening Google Inbox and any other app at the same time will kill the OS. It's a good tablet for kids or people that doesn't have access to another more expensive device.
R1YBYR8MJDJ467	5.0	I have the galaxy s3 phone and this tab is just like it only bigger and better	2	2	Outstanding purchase. I took a chance and i do not regret it at all. I have the galaxy s3 phone and this tab is just like it only bigger and better! I also downloaded a phone app that gives you a phone number. I love my Tab!
RI5X9APXMZV24	5.0	PERFECT FOR ABA THERAPY, GREAT PRESENT FOR ASD CHILDREN	2	2	i cant wait for my daughter to see this at christmas! i played around with it and im super impressed. this is a good choice for anyone seeking a tablet for their ASD children
R185L7K2PBIWAW	1.0	I'm very disappointed.	2	2	I bought the product as a device to pay bills, that's it. I used it a handful of times from the date I received it. The tablet no longer works. I'm very disappointed.
R17D6OLM8CBL8P	5.0	I bought this to replace my daughter's kindle. She ...	2	2	I bought this to replace my daughter's kindle. She loves it! Samsung has been a trusted product of the family and it delivers.
R2ZXE72BLTHX6R	1.0	Screen is not Samsung expected	10	14	I just hate it. The screen changes colors, and is only visible at certain angles, which I think is it's major flaw. I own a SG S4, and it just looks as if this was a low end not branded chinese product you could get for 50 bucks. Just annoys me to think I bought it.
R3GKWRKD8ITKZN	2.0	I visited Best Buy for an answer and they told me to ...	3	4	unable to remove books purchased and downloaded to Play Books. I have visited You Tube Samsung Galaxy 3 Tablet and this information is not address. I visited Sears Store on September 19th and they were unable to answer my question on the removal of books purchased and downloaded on the App Play Books. I visited Best Buy for an answer and they told me to visit Barnes and Noble Book Store. I spent nearly two hours researching three books at Barnes and Noble on Samsung Galaxy 3 Tablet to no avail. Our Home Owner Association in Sun City West, AZ is going to have a class on Tablets on November 17th and 24th of which I have signed up for. Perhaps I will find an answer to my problem. It is a sad day when an organization like Samsung manufactures a product and markets a product without instruction on the operation of their products. Floyd E. Byer (623) 584-9271 floydea1123@gmail.com
R1KNJI8A1E136L	5.0	Great Tablet!	1	1	I bought this tablet for my 9 yr old son, because I had previously bought a similar tablet (Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 kids version the yellow one) for my 4 yr old son and they would constantly fight over it. This tablet does all what he expected. All the games he wanted in google playstore and it connected easily to my home wifi. It is sturdy and the back is easier to grip not that glossy finish like most Samsung devices. I love that it has a color detail at the back which makes it kinda kid fun looking, However I will still be buying the case for it in the same color. The only disadvantage is no front camera and the camera quality could be better but overall a great tablet!
R2O7PRKYDBCQGI	5.0	I love this tablet!	1	1	I am very impressed with this affordable tablet! Works like dream for the purposes I bought it for - audio books, music, Facebook ebooks and so much more! For me personally it' s the perfect size. I've been using an iPod, but because of my declining vision, I can see everything so much better on this size screen without having to enlarge pages and then having to scroll all over the place to see them.I also have a much easier time with the keyboard as my hands have nerve damage, arthritis and tremors. So again, this is a wonderful little tablet for a really good price! Oh and it also has a a slot for a miniSD card for the extra memory space you might need :)
R1CQ6BP3HRVJ4I	3.0	Ok tablet	1	1	Bought this after my toddler pulled our old tablet into the bathtub, he is the main user. I like the size of this tablet, it fits well in his lap and isn't too big for him to carry around. I love kids mode, but wish i could add more than 30 apps for him, and wish he had access to movies/shows through google app. I expected the functional quality of this to be better however, the tablet freezes at least once a day and certain apps I can't even download onto it as it says they "aren't compatible". This tablet isn't old or outdated, so I don't understand why certain apps wouldn't be compatible. Overall it works well for its purpose of entertaining a 2 year old.
RPHUDIO39YUYU	5.0	Ditch your laptop	3	4	This is my first tablet. I have a Galaxy Note II smartphone, looks/works just like the tablet. I sometimes need to VPN to work while travelling. In the past I've used my phone and carried a small laptop. Now I can ditch the laptop. I was not able to read some Amazon books on my laptop using Kindle app, presumably due to copyrights/licensing. I can now do this on my tablet. I was trying to decide between a Kindle 7 HD and this tablet and decided on this tablet due to my familiarity with the Galaxy and remote tools that I need for work. No regrets...
R1BG1L91DMYY1Q	5.0	Great Gift for a Child	1	1	Ordered this for my 6 year old step son. His hands aren't quite big enough yet to hold an iPad or a bigger sized Galaxy Tab. This is a great gift for a kid who constantly wants to watch YouTube videos and play games on. Verly lightweight and far better quality build than those cheap no name brand tablets sold at retail stores. The screen isn't great but for children who a prone to dropping things, I think it's a safe bet to have this for them.
ROVOE5ARTBL19	5.0	excellent product	1	1	We bought two of these for our kids and absolutely love them. We previously had RCA tablets and they were awful. One of my favorite features is the kids app that came installed on it. This set up a super easy interface for the kids that we could control and not have to worry about what they are accessing. It even allows you to set a time limit if you want to restrict the amount of time they are using it. Anyway, great for kids and adults.
R163NZPL8G6290	5.0	First tablet	1	1	Did my research carefully. I do not game so the features of the tab 3 lite meet my needs well. Use it to be on social media, check email and access the internet. The tablet is primarily used at home where I have access to the internet via wireless router. Can't beat it for $99. For the tablet, a cover and a sd card I paid $134. There is no access to mobile networks so evaluate your needs before deciding on a tablet
R1TX6Z320JDW0I	5.0	only thing i dislike about the tablet is that if you tilt it ...	1	1	had the regular samsung galaxy tablet 3 so i already knew what to expect when getting another tablet. only thing i dislike about the tablet is that if you tilt it a certain way, its like a plasma tv, the screen gets dark one way and super light the other. and right side up is normal. other than that its a great tablet, i got mine for like 80 bucks from here and its pretty damn worth it.
R10Z5QAOMZ4W8K	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Tab Lite.	1	1	Great product and great price ! Easy too set up and use. I would recommend this Tablet it to others.
R2DPIJ39RZNIQ	3.0	read before buying	1	1	This product is ok if your not looking for a tablet to play music out loud because it has one speaker and it on the back. Its internet speed compared to the non lite version is slightly fast but they are about equal. The color on this version also looks washed out compared to the non lite version. Gaming on each is equal. So my conclusion is that if you plan on watching movies listening to music and want a tablet with a front camera I would pay a little extra for the non lite version.
R3T8SNDVNW66ZV	4.0	Great!	1	1	I bought this tablet for my parents for Christmas, and they absolutely love it. Having no experience at all with tablets or smartphones, they actually both caught on really quick. The size is a little small and the quality is not as good as my iPad Air, but for beginners or for someone who doesn't use the device a lot, this is perfect.
R1094B0K46IZTP	5.0	Great Tablet	3	4	Got this for my mom. It comes with the Tablet, 1 Wall Adapter, 1 USB charge cable. She loves it, she says it's her stress relief, many nights she's up late playing games lol. So far, no problems, everything thing in working order, just wish I had gotten her one with a bigger screen.
R3NIOEA2N20D9F	3.0	Good tablet when it works	0	0	In November 2013 I purchased three Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lites. Two for my kids and the other as a gift. I haven't heard any complaints about the gifted tablet so I am assuming it is working well. So my two children have one each. One is working well whilst the other one started exhibiting problems straight out of the box. The first problem it had is that it didn't stay connected to WiFi. My other child's tablet would stay connected whilst one of them would be kicked off. Then within 5-6 months of purchase another problem showed up. That it didn't charge properly. The tablet would be left to charge for hours or overnight and later show that it only charged a few percent. Anyway, in November 2014, the day before the warranty expired, the tablet shut down completely and I couldn't turn it on at all. I couldn't do a hard reset or anything. I contacted Samsung customer support who were very helpful, and because it was still within warranty I was given a tracking number and UPS label via email. I sent it for repairs for free. It was fixed for free and it was returned for free. It even worked better than before it was sent for repairs. However, that was about 3-4 weeks ago. Then 24 hours ago the tablet started playing up again and it is back to it's old tricks and not charging properly. The tablet was left overnight on charge (about 12 hours) and it only charged 9%. I'm not sure what to do now since it is out of the warranty period. Other cons about the tablet: 8 GB is not a lot. The tablet comes with apps which take up about 4 GB. So you only have 4 GB of useable memory. Another time I asked Samsung customer support about downloading movies on to an SD card and I was told movies download to the hard drive due to copyright issues. Now I don't know if music and books also download to the hard drive, but if you want to download books, music and movies 4GB is not enough. Pro: Price is good. You can expand the memory with an SD card, but that isn't useful if you want to save movies. Overall if you are looking for an inexpensive tablet this is a decent tablet, but do yourselves a favor and buy one with largest memory you can. 4GB gets used up pretty fast. Also, I hope you get a tablet that works!!! I own an iPad mini, my sister has had her full size iPad for three years. My mother has had her full size iPad for two years, and we have never had a problem. I'm not an Apple enthusiast nor do I work for them, my cell phone is an Android phone and I'm not looking to change it to an Apple phone, but if I cannot get my son's Tab 3 fixed for free (it is outside the warranty period) I would be very tempted not to buy a Samsung again.
R3DQ2DYREYDR7E	5.0	Good bang for the buck	1	1	Really nice tablet for the price. Very reliable and easy to use. Battery life is reasonable and there are lots of apps that you can get, many of them free. This tablet does a super job of surfing the web, streaming movies, and playing games.
R20RV8P96U459U	4.0	You get what you pay for.	1	1	I bought the tablet for school purpose and so far I'm happy with my purchase. The battery life is good but the down side is, it takes forever to charge. And after two weeks I had to replace the charger.
R1NA4EXF05BIV9	5.0	amazing performance and great HQ display	1	1	The performance of the tablet of samsung is really smooth. i have been playing soul calibur in this and it is a great game made greater with astounding graphics thanks to this tablet's HQ display
R2DIWJXE9UJDTT	4.0	Good so far.	1	1	Enjoying this tablet, there are a few things I would change about the settings and I would add a front camera. All in all, it's better than other similar products I have tried.
R2CKBFNSFARTB6	4.0	If your needs are "Light," or first tablet, this will do fine	0	0	For starters, this is a "Light" tablet, not having a full range of features that a moderate or high end tablet would have. But then there's the price. Having had a tablet that had features akin to a moderate level tablet - HDMI output, for example - but whose battery now takes days to charge after about 3 years use, I knew which features I really used a lot, and which were quite optional. "Light" made better sense since I'm a very casual user with a particular range of not-very-demanding expectations, lightweight games, e-reader, email, Facebook, basic office-type programs, and some other convenience apps. I shouldn't spend over $100 if that's all I'm going to utilize it. The battery is adequate; charges quickly and also discharges rather quickly. It sometimes knocks me out of apps for no apparent reason, and I've had to use its Restart feature to get good operability back after extended use, but those are pretty minor issues. It's just fine for this lazy old booger in the recliner who is done with most of the day's office work, wraps up a few things, and plays a game, checks the scores, and then takes his e-reader to bed after setting the alarm to wake him up for another day in paradise.
R7M4YFARKVWY1	5.0	tab 3 lite	5	7	I love my new tablet. It fits perfectly in my hand and bag. Very clear screen. I found the price to be very reasonable for the excellent product I received!
RLJVGZHQNDX3K	4.0	Nice tablet	1	1	I bought this for use in an organization that I belong to and like it because it is easy to use and has better quality than many other tables in the same price range.
RBZGAJ1T02ZJV	5.0	Galaxy does it again!	2	2	My 5 year old loves it!
R2DMDL2QVDQ9KZ	3.0	Samsung vs Apple.	0	0	I just purchased this tablet yesterday from Walmart. This is my first Samsung product, I usually stick with Apple. I really like the texture on the back. It makes it easier to hold, a lot of times I feel that my iPad and iPhone are going to slide right out of my hand when I don't have the case on. I felt, going with a name brand product, that I would have similar quality to an iPad but this tab is a lot slower than I expected it to be. So far I've only downloaded a couple games to test it out but it takes 5+ seconds for the apps to open from when you touch them, this is something I've never had happen with with my iPad. It's not a huge issue, just an observation. The screen looks amazing and although it is a little on the slow side, I haven't had any real issues playing. It takes longer to switch levels in angry birds but the game-play is fine. I think that I prefer a larger tablet but for the screen size, it's easy to read. I've had a few issues where I've tried to click on one thing and it selected another. All in all, it's okay. I mostly bought it for my kids to play with. I would recommend spending the extra and getting an iPad.
R33NXW6H91M09W	5.0	Bought this for my wife for Christmas. She absolutely ...	5	7	Bought this for my wife for Christmas. She absolutely loves it. It does just what she wants it to. Check her email, play games, check facebook.
RYQS3MI0W4LEA	4.0	This tab is great for anyone who needs a tab for surfing	1	1	This tab is great for anyone who needs a tab for surfing, social media and online functions. I am glad I bought it. It meets all my online needs.
R1ZATST1PS55SJ	5.0	Good buy	1	1	Works great, mine came without any scratches on the front or back just a couple small chips around the side that are barely even noticeable.
RIAVUDL076YYP	5.0	Excellent for the price.	1	1	Bought this for my mom and she loves it. No forward facing camera and the viewing angles aren't great, but it works perfectly for her needs.
R1VOYD1H2RBTK5	4.0	Works as advertised	1	1	Works as well as the Galaxy Tab 3. Is slightly larger so none of the cases made for the Galaxy Tab 3 fit. Finding a case can be difficult.
R3MC65N6ZTQFP3	5.0	great tab	3	4	Got this for the kids to break in, so far no problems. Works fast and battery is great. Excellent camera too. No complaints.
R3U5GEHR4LQQ1C	5.0	Very good!	5	7	What can I say? I only buy samsung products, very good quality as always, and the price is reasonable, thank you.
R1WW9JY2YISWTA	5.0	Perfect book size	8	12	I loaded the Kindle app and the Samsung Galaxy tab lite is the perfect book size to take on a trip and read at night. It fit in my coat pocket or backpack pocket. Of course it has all the other tablet features so you can use the wifi settings at hotels, libraries, cafes etc to check email and facebook and keep up with the world. My phone does all the same things but the screen is too small - the tab is the perfect size. And airlines now offer wifi to use on the plane and SW airlines even offers movies if you bring your own device so the galaxy gets lots of use. And Amazon was $10 cheaper than Staples for the same device and the cases for it are $30 cheaper on Amazon.
RTPDCQIQQJCPD	5.0	Absolutely wonderful, can't tell the difference from the Tab 3	1	1	Absolutely wonderful, can't tell the difference from the Tab 3. Bought it for my 6yr old, he loves it. Samsung all the way.
R2JT4SCGIN4E7Q	3.0	We ended up sending this tablet back. It's an ...	1	1	We ended up sending this tablet back. It's an older model and found that the apps don't work as well as the newer tablets.
R3DPV9IUUTXEXO	4.0	Cheap but works well enough for basic needs	2	3	Bought two of these for my kids, though 1 is the kid version that comes with a rubber case. Pros: Works good for popular apps/games Decent recording pictures and video Good battery life Can add micro memory so 8gb internal memory is not an issue Cons: A lot of software crashes compared to my apple products TFT screen/display is just tolerable Internal speaker is barely audible in a busy house like mine. Kids have to use headphones for movies. Chipset/processor is a little weak. As a result... ...Video playback is slow and grainy ...Internet browsing is slow and awkward If my kids were older I would have spent more for a pad4 or better. But for a $100-120 I got what I paid for.
R3ALOA911MXO1	5.0	Great tablet, great price.	0	0	Great entry level tablet. Fits in your hands very nicely. Not overly bulky or heavy. It's light and comfortable! Fast enough to do normal every day tasks. May not be great for process/graphic heavy games but that is not a problem for us. Still able to multi task and runs apps just fine! Screen reselution isn't as crisp and sharp as newer tab's or phones but still pleasant to look at. And honestly you don't really notice while using it. Text is clear and easy to read. Haven't had any issues with it yet. For the price it is a great tablet! Gave it to my son as a gift for his birthday and he hasn't put it down since... not sure if that's good or bad yet but either way he loves the tab! (he's 11 for anyone wondering for gift ideas). Very satisfied. Only thing that could've made this better is front facing camera.
RAWBP1FV3KB9N	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Thank you for such a wonderful transaction!! Love the tablet and the charger!! Will purchase from in the future!
R2ON459MT3KSN5	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	It's great. Here's in seoul korea. so irony...uhm Samsung GalTab .. It's very simple and convenient .
RQX0RQXSRE5J7	5.0	Love it (:	0	0	Tablet overall works well. When I first got it I plugged it in, turned it on, and when it kept updating. Like probably four times before I was like, "okay something is wrong." I googled it real quick and it was because for some reason it can't update (at least the inital update) while plugged in. Also, I have a galaxy phone too so I was using that charger for the tablet and the tablet kept dying really fast without even being used so I googled that too, and sure enough it was because I wasn't using the charger it came with even though they were the same. Long story short, I love it. Buy a good case. I'm not sure what's so "lite" about it, this is my first tablet and I can't think if anything that it's missing, besides a front facing camera, so no snapchat.
R1AWPWFL6UYO8E	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	the tablet was fine physically, but does not come with front camera and the description does not say ..
R216A6PYLTXVEH	4.0	Nothing better for the $$$	6	9	For all you complaining about the features: Yeah, the screen is a little cheaper, so is the speaker. That's the only things I found bad about the tablet. $140? That's a steal. It runs fast, touch response is even faster. I don't even use the speaker, my Bluetooth headphones work exceptionally, no glitching or whatsoever. The screen is lacking a little contrast and vivid colors, and that's the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars, because 5 isn't honest and it's not perfect. If I could I would give it a 4.7.
R31ZUQU91V9B6F	1.0	Worst purchase ever.	2	3	This is the worst product I've purchased in a long time. The screen is not intuitive so I have to hit it jussssst right to navigate on pages. By the time it sensed that I was hitting the button to upload a picture to design Christmas cards, the page had timed out. This happened 3 times before I said screw it. Typing is awful because some parts of the screen are more sensitive than others, so it's just a mess. It prompts a software update no less than once daily. The Google Drive on this thing is basically useless. This thing sucks and I wish I hadn't bought it. I should have just put on my big-girl pants and bought an iPad.
R2HNZMLFPGHTGN	5.0	cool	0	0	bought this 'used, like new' and it came in a brand new box with plastic still on it and the cords. looked brand new like it came right off the shelf. I suspect it was bought then returned, making it used. I don't know, all I know is that I am happy with my purchase. its an older model so not all the newer apps are compatible with this (Microsoft word app), but the picture is still HD, it runs fast and has plenty of storage (I also reccomend buying an SD card to avoid cluttering the tablet with random music, pics, and documents). it took ages to get here (came thru FedEx, soooo unbelievably slow! I feel USPS would've been a better choice), but I was very satisfied with my purchase.
R2G9TR0NHLZMXF	5.0	Good First Tablet.	0	0	I ordered this refurbished from the seller Ocean Reef Electronics and I'm pretty happy with it overall. The tablet arrived a lot earlier than the shipping estimate, looks brand new, and works great. I will say if your looking for a high end tablet, this device isn't for you... There is a bit of lag here and there, especially if you have more than 2-3 apps running at once. The lag is improved upon after some software updates from Samsung, but it definitely won't blow you away preformance-wise. However, if you're like me just need something affordable to read ebooks, browse the web, watch Netflix/YouTube, play some casual games on, etc., look no further.
R36AZD7P5G8104	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	My kids are obsessed! Worth the money! Make sure to get at least a 32gb memory card.
R23HJ5V9KW7Q77	5.0	I love it!	0	0	This tablet has made me a fan of Samsung products. I love my tablet so much that I bought a new Samsung Galaxy phone for myself for Christmas last year. I will also continue to buy Samsung products in the future. My tablet runs smoothly, has tons of storage space, and is perfect for what I use it for, which is emails, social media, and watching TV online. I'm sure there are people out there who want a tablet for fancier stuff, and that's okay. Not sure how this one rates. But it's a lot more inexpensive than the others and it's a Droid, which I prefer. So, for me, it's perfect.
RGCYCR979QMAT	4.0	Quality low cost no frills tab. Great for small hands	2	3	Great $100 tablet for kids. My daughter has the original tab 3 with 4G from Sprint. I wanted a step up from the no name tabs at cvs, walgreens, target, etc. But could not justify more than $100 for a kid. This seems like a decent compromise. The only difference here is WiFi only, a little less speed and less memory. Also no front facing camera, but my 8 year old really doesn't need to take a lot of selfies. It works great for his games and the size is perfect for small hands.
R1D7A30WLWVKEC	4.0	I love this tablet	0	0	I love this tablet. Exactly what I was looking for however in the description it says that one of the Galaxy Perks is 3 months of Hulu Plus, this is untrue. I loaded it and signed up, and have never had Hulu before. It gives you a one week free trial then charges you. Other than that everything was exactly as advertised and it is a very nice tablet. The picture quality is a 4 out of 5. The sound with headphones is very nice also 4 out of 5. I love the way the tablet functions but made mine even better with a great case and Bluetooth keyboard combo.
RQETG030JMSYV	1.0	Not upgradable to Kitkat 4. 4. 4, ...	0	0	Not upgradable to Kitkat 4.4.4, despite many reports saying it would. It might be true for other Tab 3 Lite versions (yes, there are many versions!), but this Amazon/US version (Model# SM-T110) is certainly not updatable to Kitkat. Basically you'll be stuck with the outdated Jelly Bean 4.2.2, and according to a Samsung rep I chatted with online, there is no plans for supporting the US version with a newer OS. And yeah, my wife has a non-US version of this tablet, and it was upgradable to Kitkat since Day 1.
R1ZQ5I83XVHTBR	5.0	Great	1	1	This table let is all my daughter ever wanted she loves it thank you
R20174M9HPWSEA	5.0	Will do the the trick!	0	0	I purchased this for travel only after my computer screen was cracked during a flight (long story) and had to buy a new laptop. I am not computer savvy, but played around with it.. Went to Best Buy for their Samsung tablet classes and found out that I needed class two as I had already set up everything in class one. I only need this to check my E-mails and bank account when traveling. I am not a gamer. Found a case for it on Amazon and am ready to carry this instead of my heavy laptop on my next trip.
R3S715ADB1WZ2A	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Picture clearly shows a front facing camera..... did not have one!!
R2UW7EHEFQ5S5P	4.0	Samsung tab	1	1	Very good value. Android op system isn't the best but functional
R2Q6IS481N0MZ3	5.0	So they got these this past Christmas and love them! They're playing games and making little movies ...	0	0	This was a gift for my boyfriend's nieces. They got a cheaper off brand tablet a year or two ago and it wouldn't hold a charge, had barely any memory, and a whole host of limiting issues. So they got these this past Christmas and love them! They're playing games and making little movies with their Barbies. The Samsung tablets have excellent memory & charge/battery life. They're also durable enough for kids. If you can get a good deal on it, it would make a great gift!
R1WTJW1KO6ZJNB	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Works well for my husband, but he's not too technology savvy.
R39KBS1G63EM2N	1.0	horrible product	0	0	this is a piece of crap... i ordered this thinking it would be great to have a work and since i got i, ive had problems, when i tired to return it, i was told i couldn't, didn't realize that every company on amazon can have their own return policy, if i would have know that i would have never order from this company. oh and samsung has been no help... battery doesn't last more than a couple of hours and apps drop after 5 mins of using them..
R33683DIYD8B9R	5.0	My Galaxy Tab 3	2	3	I purchased this tablet for my business but couldn't download the applications that I needed. So I decided to make it my personal tablet. It's much lighter than my iPad2 and does everything my iPad does without some of the restrictions. I just toss it in my purse and go without the added weight. I would definitely recommend to everyone and I have. I rec'd my tablet within 4 business days in which I was pleasantly surprised. I don't need my tablet to take pictures so the picture quality doesn't matter to me. Great product!
REVWKOO1AKQJD	4.0	Good product, but missing some key features.	2	3	This tablet will give you the basics that you expect from a tablet, especially if you are looking to do functions such as reading/sending email and viewing movies/videos. However, for the price, there are several features which are lacking. Because of the rear facing camera, you cannot use Skype with this tablet. And, even for watching movies, the rear speaker-only, does not do much for enhancing the audio. And, you cannot attach a keyboard to it (at least at this time). Even though it is less expensive than the standard Galaxy 3 Tablet, I feel it is still a bit overpriced, given the features/functions that it lacks. This tablet is light and compact, and if that is important to you, then this could make a nice second or "travel" tablet, or, perhaps one for younger children who do not need all of the features. Otherwise, I would recommend paying the few dollars more and going with the standard Galaxy 3 Tablet.
RSC3L62NMPA64	4.0	samsung tablet	2	3	Well put it this way I have hardly put this down everything about it I love no if ands or buts hands down twice better than an I pad and more than half the price.
R1PXQRJNM65YA5	1.0	This is set to be broken after return/replacment period..	0	0	This tablet is completely gone right after return period ... it is not turned on nor charged ... my daughter only played this tablet at home for one or two hours a day after school, and never dropped ... I checked my amazon account to check replacement availability and I found out that I can't even replace the device, because it was 2 days after deadline ... I didnt pay money for one month use of tablet ... bulls***...
R3P72CK3O99PN0	5.0	I love it would recommend it	1	1	Its a dream come throught. I love it would recommend it.
R25S6V2WCF9ANA	4.0	Great Tablet at an AWESOME price	0	0	Great Tablet at an AWESOME price! I replaced my wife's old ASUS tablet. The quality of Samsung Galaxy is 100 times better than ASUS. Love everything about it and seems very sturdy and not flimsy like the ASUS tablet. The only downside is screen resolution. it's not an IPS display and not super sharp, however, as it's primary use as a Kindle reader and Facebook Device, it works great!
R3T37V65URZ45Z	1.0	Wouldn't recommend	0	0	It started out fine, but after a couple of months, it was so slow and froze up so frequently it became unusable. It's so bad, the tablet is now stuck in a drawer and we never even attempt to use it anymore. I was very disappointed, especially since I have been a pretty big fan of Samsung. I'm currently on my third version of a Galaxy phone and I generally have been pretty happy with them.
R3MMD9FVFR22J9	1.0	Never dropped the tablet nor did anything hit it Did some research and it seems like the fault is Samsung's	0	0	The tablet developed a horizontal line across the screen after powering up for the first time! Never dropped the tablet nor did anything hit it Did some research and it seems like the fault is Samsung's. I live outside the US so it is very expensive for me to send it back. I guess I will have to either buy a replacement screen or just replace the tablet when I get fedup of using it.
R2487AAPYJLGVC	5.0	Nice tablet	2	3	I am not much of an electronic whiz but I have no problem navigating this tablet. I have downloaded some game apps and others with no problems. The battery life is decent. It's a handy size and I can carry it in some of my pocketbooks. I can't address the camera quality because as of today I haven't used it.
R1F7WHNRIR9NVW	1.0	Most frustraring POS Ever	5	8	My husband has the Samsung Galaxy and I have the Ipad. Since the kids do virtual school and love our tablets I wanted to get them their own. I went with this crap because it was cheap and they only needed them for internet and a few games. The tablets have been nothing but a headache since the day we got them. The charging port is very finicky and half the time the darn thing wont charge. It seems like you need to plug it in at just the right angle, in the right outlet and stand on your hear while holding it in to get it to work.You also can not charge it while it's on and you apparently have to power it down to charge. When it does manage to charge, which can take a whole day, it will only stay charged for 2 hours max. Most of the time it just shuts off and fails to turn on. The parental controls are also crap. With my Ipad I have the option to turn off "in-app" purchases and turn off the app store if I so choose. Not with the tab though. Nope, unless you put it on "kids mode" they can have the run and down load all that their little heart desires. If you do put it on kids mode good luck using most apps, and there is no internet option ether. If you do dare venture on the internet I really hope you are comfy and not planing to move any time soon because it's slow. Actually I think I have seen paint dry faster then I have seen a web page load on this thing. I'm actually thinking of returning them for a refund and going with the Kindle fire, I don't know how much more frustration I can handle.
R2CHNHUWD14ZCV	5.0	GREAT QUALITY!	0	0	I used many tablets (I worked in a retail store in the electronics dept.) and I helped many people set up their tablets. Out of all the tablets, I must say this one has the most quality. Just by holding it you can see the difference, sturdy, and a flawless finish. Very easy to use/set up and durable. So I bought one for my own and I'm very satisfied and happy with my purchase.
R2NETM9AAY6AQK	5.0	Awesome	1	1	The tablet that I always wanted at a great price.
R2QD4OOYMGJ3VW	5.0	I was looking for something small I could carry in ...	0	0	I was looking for something small I could carry in my purse, fits perfectly. I was looking for something that I could carry back & forth to the gym & use it when I am working out on the elliptical or treadmill, something I can watch Netflix on. And that is what I was looking for when I was looking to purchase a tablet. So it has met my expectations & meets my needs.
R3T35XRBYWM61D	5.0	Awesome tablet. I mostly use it for reading kindle ...	0	0	Awesome tablet. I mostly use it for reading kindle books. It is the perfect size and has plenty of customization to it. I added an SD card for extra hard drive space although I havn't used up any where near its basic storage. Lightweight and has a very crisp screen. Have a great battery life which I am thankful for since my Samsung S4 struggles in that department.
R1CMUG3D5ODJCU	4.0	Thank u	0	0	Bought as a gift for my 10 year old and set it up for her, I'm satisfied for all she loves to do with it. The way it's wrapped for shipping scared me but turned out o be okay. I won't go into details about tech savvy issues because I'm not a tech! It has beautiful display, is fairly quick with downloads I do have WiFi and she hasn't complained about anything. :)
R78OPOL1BKARC	5.0	It was also in AMAZING condition!	0	0	My Sibling LLLOVEEE IT !! LOL They are loving this tablet, IT CAME EARLY TOO! It was also in AMAZING condition!
R3OSUELLSGL3P8	5.0	great little tab!!!!	0	0	Son loves it. Fast shipping, smooth transaction and great price. Works great and as expected.
RGT6S1SNP67QF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	VERY GOOD
R15Z6C3VA7SPWD	5.0	This is nice, but the ASUS was nicer and beter specs ...	0	0	i got this and the ASUS MEMO 7. This is nice, but the ASUS was nicer and beter specs for same price. This was nice though if it were $129 I would have kept this.
R21Y0RJVM7DJVK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great from what I can tell. Christmas presents for the kiddos.
R21J703CWMKT4Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice deal
R15GLDEVW52MOO	5.0	Terrific Tablet	0	0	Wonderfully sized, lightning quick with a dazzling display, this tablet is the go everywhere do everything tablet for the reader, the photographer, and the curious web surfer.The Galaxy has adequate on board storage, which can be expanded with a micro sd card. Built in speakers offer better than average sound with no added equipment.
R3LY0A4EJV0AWT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great item got it for my 15 year old and she loves it.
RS7M3HM8IWJVE	3.0	Good price, does what I want	0	0	Good price, does what I want, but really slow compared to my iPad. UI takes a little getting used to as well.
RZHCA6G0JOL14	5.0	Excellent	0	0	The product is wonderful for me. it is elegant . I like it so much. it is good for my job
R350OT5EW9B9W1	2.0	Definitely expected better.	0	0	I was hoping for something better than this. The same week that I purchased this item, it would heat up so much just by having it charging. Also, the colors are nowhere near as close as vivid as on any other tablet. Colors are very dull and have hardly any contrast. Also, it doesn't allow you to record on Snapchat. -.-
R3JGORIHGB2IP6	5.0	Nice tablet	0	0	I have used the tablet for some time now and have had no trouble with it. It stays charged for a long time and is user friendly as far as internet and email information as well as games.
R2H1LJNYNY2ZEH	4.0	Thank you Very Much	0	0	Was a gift for my mother, and so far she's enjoy it. We use Skype but, this model have not frontal cam, anyway we can broadcast very well. Recommended.
R9UPJ398G5U73	5.0	what a joy.	0	0	I love this tablet.Being an older person I consider myself not computer savvy.with this I am learning something new every day.It was easy to set up, instructions are clear.Everyone should own one.
R3MXSLPY1BGYXI	5.0	LOVE IT!!	0	0	It's just the right size and does everything it says it would :) Samsung rocks! (I also own a Note 2 and love that also.)
R2RNNP1U9BLXZI	5.0	very nice	0	0	I so happy with the Samsung galaxy tab 3 I like thanks I love ,I like the best buy.Tanks again
R2M57LQF4J21X5	5.0	Affordable and easy to use	0	0	i really like this, it's easy to use, i bought it for my 2 year old and he loves it, has no problems using it. :)
RV0VNWC6EOWOS	4.0	love it	0	0	bought it as a gift for my nephew and he reeeaaaally likes it...Plus the Awesome price, very light and sleek looking.
R3D5ON3S9FN5JQ	5.0	kool	0	0	I'm a ipad user but I had to yry the tab and I like it so now I use both
R8EUXXEM092Q0	5.0	Excellent	0	0	Love using this tablet, and the price was just right. I use it for web surfing, netflix, hulu and spotify so it serves my needs
R3GVZMJQWMAVTW	3.0	I have a google nexus that I love and wanted this one because of the expandable memory ...	0	0	I wish I had done a little more research on this before I bought it. I have a google nexus that I love and wanted this one because of the expandable memory slot. The screen isn't great at certain angles and I have trouble typing on it. Other then that it works great. The kids love watching netflix on it and the battery holds it charge well.
R2TMDILOTR49LR	3.0	Good internet, has problems with internet.	0	0	It's a good tablet, but since I have gotten it, it has been a pain to get the internet up and running. It connects to it, but it goes incredibly slow, or not at all. I have checked online it people are also having problems like this. Anyone know a solution? My internet is not the issue because everything else connects just fine.
R2XCM6RDEBU7SQ	4.0	Everything works great about it I haven't had the first problem with ...	0	0	Everything works great about it I haven't had the first problem with it the only thing I can see wrong it's impossible to get accessories for like a heavy duty protective covers or anything that could really help help protect it from getting broke that's the only thing I can see wrong with it nobody seems to have anything for it
R1HK9UZ6RG3DRM	5.0	I love it.	1	1	what you see is what you'll get. I love it.
R3APBVV5UW3O1B	4.0	... owning first generation Nexus7 this has been a much better tablet I would rate it 5 Stars but battery ...	0	0	This is the 3rd Tab 3 I purchased after owning first generation Nexus7 this has been a much better tablet I would rate it 5 Stars but battery life is a bit short when using it alot when playing games sometimes get less than an hour. Normal surfing and other things I get between 2 and 3 hours of usage time.
R995JJPFAC9JE	4.0	but at least for him playing or watching videos it's perfect. The touch screen response is fast	0	0	I bought this for my 2 year old. It plays Subway Surfer, Home, Angry Birds, Free Fall, etc... all without lag/input problems. The viewing angle is not as I hoped, but at least for him playing or watching videos it's perfect. The touch screen response is fast, I haven't noticed any type of lag at all yet.
RVCOGJ2EEL1GL	2.0	Basic tablet	0	0	If you are looking for a basic tablet, this is great. I'm disappointed because I expected more. There are apps and streaming that I can not do because "the device is not compatible". It apparently has to do with the older 'jelly bean' OS And samsung was not sympathetic. Amazon, however is great!
R22JMDA1URPXWM	5.0	my daughter loves it	0	0	This was so worth the price 100$, bought this for my 7 year old daughter and she loves it, I hooked the wifi up to her tablet, and downloaded lots of games for her, my friend bought the same tablet for his daughter but it was 180 and it had problems, he got it from Walmart, so i love amazon
R2QR3WRKT9K8S0	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	OK. Sure wish a manual was included.
RDGWZ9LYW2WZL	5.0	It's a good size for him to hold easily	0	0	I bought this for me and my 4 year old son to play with. It's a good size for him to hold easily. It has a good clear screen resolution and is very user friendly. It works great for playing games, watching netflix or just scrolling facebook. I am very happy with this puchase.
R1J795VRVW680D	5.0	Bought this for my 70 something old mom. She ...	2	3	Bought this for my 70 something old mom. She loves it. She had the Kindle Fire for about a year but still had trouble navigating. After one day of usage she said that this tablet was much easier for her to use.
ROSCICSQMUX6I	5.0	Good buy.	1	1	My daughter is loving it. Good buy.
RX898LOIARBE2	3.0	Nice Tablet, Better Price	0	0	The battery life definitely isn't the greatest, It last for about 3 hours depending on what you're doing. If you're a beginner, and just want a tablet, then this is the one for you! For the price you're definitely getting more than with other tablets in its price
R2Y5NJQY6YH561	4.0	Makes a Great Kids Gift	1	2	I purchased this tablet for a niece. I was looking for an inexpensive tablet with basic features that would allow her to surf the internet, watch Netflix, and play app based games. The setup process for this tablet was frustrating, it took over an hour for me to connect to the home WIFI. The was no button for easy connection to WPS, once connected to the internet the Google Play store kept giving me an error message. I ended up resetting the tablet and starting over. Even though this is a 7 inch tablet it is not the same size as a Galaxy Tab 3 (That is not a Lite version) This is important when searching for a case. On the positive side, the picture quality of the Samsung Galaxy tab 3 lite is far better that other inexpensive tablets that I have viewed. Netflix or other streaming media plays without any delay. In addition to the Google Play store Samsung has there own downloadable apps. While there selection is very limited, I suspect it will grow over time. Like some of the other lower end tablets, I am able to search by voice through Google. The Camera is also capable of making videos and has an acceptable resolution. This tablet has a kid safe app included, so would be acceptable to use as a childs tablet. On black Friday, I was able to get an exceptional deal on this tablet through Amazon. I would recommend this tablet for a child, if you can get the product on sale, along with a sturdy case. The difference between this tablet and other inexpensive tablet seems to be the display and picture quality.
R35WRV8UFRJZNY	4.0	No Front Cam..	2	3	I just received this tablet and so far I enjoy it. I was a little disappointed that it didn't have a front webcam being as though I like to video chat with my friends, but I can survive without it.
R2HT462H0GPM28	5.0	The speakers are not so good like other in tablets	0	0	In general, it is a god inversion. I use it to read e-books, office documents that I am studying or listen to music and watch videos. The speakers are not so good like other in tablets, but I use earphones all the time, so It does not bother me, at all.
RG8P2FH2YA39O	4.0	Nice Little Tablet	0	0	Great little tablet. Very functional, small, and lightweight. So far, its all that I need to read news, listen to streaming radio, input client information, or play an occassional game app. It is slippery to hold so you will need a case for a better grip
R28FGKZ6RIRP2Z	4.0	Very good but always a catch	0	0	This tablet is a great tablet and for that price its even better but the reason it was bought was to play skylanders trap team and of course the catch is it doesn't have bluetooth so now I have to return the skylanders and get it for something else.
RT45AOHJLFHJH	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	awesome and resived as promised.
R1EXQC8UCNK4L	4.0	sim card?	1	1	Have this tablet sim card slot??
R349DS00XMZEHH	5.0	Luckily was just bad charger.	0	0	Arrived quickly...had hard time charging/keeping charge at first. Luckily was just bad charger...replaced charger at walmart for $5..problem solved. Then update kept malfunctioning...finally updates so far no problems. Works great for my 8 yr old.
R2AS9926NMTT1S	5.0	nana in MN	2	3	Best tablet ever! I got his Galaxy tab for my 8 year old grandson so he would quit asking to use my phone. he hasn't asked for my phone since he got his Galaxy tablet. LOVE IT!!!
R3GVNLJC7HSUXC	5.0	great	0	0	It works great, very long lasting battery if you want it to. Not the best for extremely high graphics games. But I play car simulator and other things on it. The camera I was a tiny bit disappointed with but I dont take many pics anyway.
R1L0Q6HCCTGA2	3.0	Demo message from being on display?	0	0	The tablet works fine, everything is as expected. The only thing I don't like about it is that it plays the demo message from being in a store when it's inactive. I didn't know that was a part of it being "refurbished". Thanks.
RAVCF8W6F6LQQ	2.0	but the resolution is extremely poor. I can barely see what is on the ...	0	0	The capabilities of the tablet are average, but the resolution is extremely poor. I can barely see what is on the screen. No where in the description did it say that the screen would be so hard to see. I wouldn't buy this tablet again.
R1MQUQOOF8EFFV	5.0	She and I both love it, it's very responsive	0	0	This was a gift for my 10 year old. She and I both love it, it's very responsive, has a nice battery life, feels good in the hand, has parental controls, and operates just as described. So far, zero glitches or technical difficulties.
R2DDZO02PJFAT9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great product at a good price.
RNXF0SCU2E8G	5.0	happy kids...	1	1	Came early...kids r very happy
R5CL1LX5KB102	3.0	Ok for the price	0	0	It was good for the price. The picture is weird. Not clear like my oldest sons tablet or my ipad. But for the price it's ok. My 12 year old likes it ok. Next time I'd spend more money and get the better Samsung tablet or an ipad.
R1MCKV9DPHJ9TQ	4.0	Great tablet	0	0	Got this tablet for my son and I to share. He loves it! Way less expensive than the store and came much quicker than expected! He has his games downloaded on it and I have Netflix for work along with my calendar and social media.
RZZ0I07ILKH1B	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	my daughter can't put it down
RWY66QXI0F9E2	5.0	Works great, mine came without any scratches on the front ...	0	0	Works great, mine came without any scratches on the front or back just a couple small chips around the side that are barely even noticeable.Functional, nice graphics.So very pleased with my tab 3.Great tablet! I love it!.
R744KVMEXYID7	3.0	I do love the size and portability	0	0	I bought this to mirror my S4. The unit does the job but the quality of the graphics and clarity of the screen are very lackluster. I do love the size and portability. Stays connected to my WIFI from quite a ways away.
RYPWYZ5K6RTZ3	4.0	Samsung Galaxy 3 lite	4	6	I bought this for my 10 year old Granddaughter. She is having a good time using the tablet and her Mom purchased the cover.
R1G1HW1P3U86F1	4.0	Very pleased with mine!	1	2	First, some back story: I just bought this tablet to replace a horrible mistake I purchased four weeks ago: The RCA 7", which had a screen that must have been made out of jello, because it scratched and scuffed up like someone had been using it as a hockey puck in less than two weeks. The wifi was unreliable, and worst of all, it would not install a Android app I needed for work, which was the very reason I purchased it. Now, I already own a 10" Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, which I am VERY pleased with, but I needed something a little more portable to carry at work. Instead of purchasing the 7" Lite which I really couldn't afford at the time, I went cheap and got the RCA. This item, the Galaxy 3 Lite, is exactly what I need and does what it needs to do for my work, like running the company app, and everything else I would expect a mini tablet to do. The memory is expandable with SD cards, up to 65gb. The lack of a front camera doesn't bother me, and the single, back-facing speaker is not the best, but I prefer earbuds anyway. Why disturb the people around you? This would get a 4.5 star rating from me if I had that rating option. Come on, Amazon, where are our 1/8, 1/3, 1/4 and 1/2 stars? let's get more precise here!
R15DJ9BBOSJ00N	3.0	Well worth the low price	0	0	the price was so low, my wife got one too, in purple. These are the first tablet computers in our home. My wife mainly uses a Windows laptop. I was impressed at how nicely and sturdily built they were for the price.
R3C7L103ZHOY0E	3.0	3-1/2 stars is not an option so here it is ...	0	0	3-1/2 stars is not an option so here it is. Its ok, kind of slow, battery charge doesn't last long 1/4 that of my kindle. ok for the money. I probably should have spent a few more bucks and picked something else.
RE17RY75SSL2B	1.0	NOT HAPPY AS ITS NOT GOOD QUALITY DISPLAY.	0	0	Im not happy as you can see in the pics screen corners are black like screen is not completely fit .And screen clarity is not good when you move or shake your tablet and display is only visible at certain angle when we move tablet ot looks like dull screen on which you can barely see anything.Its only good when keep straight to your face.
R3PNY5O2M71J25	5.0	Nice tablet for the price	0	0	This is a nice quality tablet for the price. Don't expect a high resolution screen like a Galaxy S5 or S6, but it still gets the job done. My daughter got it for school and uses it daily. Very reliable device.
R36ZSC6UKF462D	5.0	Very happy	0	0	Very happy with this tab specially at this price. I bought it for my little 6 year old niece and she droped it multiple times and as of right now it still works with no visible damage. Very user friendly device.
R2I6PC2XX5SX0K	4.0	and I love it!	0	0	I bought the same exact tablet on tophatter, and I love it!! It works great for reading kindle books. And I absolutly love the blue-green color, it looks like an ocean type of color. I recommend this tablet.
R38BQ0WUH3SEM7	4.0	Great purchase!	0	0	I bought this tablet at the thanksgiving day sale for a great price at my local Walmart store for my preschool aged son as a Christmas gift. I have to say that I am extremely happy with this purchase.
R3NJ8TBA8E11R8	3.0	For instance Zoodles is horribly slow and crashes a lot on this tablet	0	0	It's slow, then again it's cheap. My main gripe was that it's underpowered to run most of the kids apps I intended to put on it. For instance Zoodles is horribly slow and crashes a lot on this tablet.
R2KC0Q67LIBWHJ	5.0	Got this for my hubby, he loves it! ...	0	0	Got this for my hubby, he loves it! Carries it everywhere, checks his email using his iphone as a hot spot. I got it to replace a ereader, and he uses it for that too but also for everything else!
R23A9LHG6R0S2C	5.0	It is a bit tricky to get used to but she has been happy with it	0	0	I got this for my 15-year-old daughter. She really likes it. I would have gotten her an an ipad but this is a lot less expensive. It is a bit tricky to get used to but she has been happy with it.
RSX1TYH025W1D	3.0	I like it but sometimes it gets stuck trying to download ...	0	0	I like it but sometimes it gets stuck trying to download a page. I have my phone next to my tablet and it is faster sometimes so its not the service. And sadly my phone is the same brand.
R3I4ABW0JVT6AC	5.0	This tablet is very good. It works perfect	0	0	This tablet is very good. It works perfect, maybe would be better having a more recent Android software, but everybody knows that this is an old model. But for just $99 it's a really good deal.
R1DCMGUY1OU1QJ	5.0	We love Samsung! I continue to be impressed with the ...	0	0	This made my 12 year old daughter's Christmas! We love Samsung! I continue to be impressed with the clarity, ease of use, and durability. I will continue to buy Samsung products in the future.
RH6YHZABEIH7M	5.0	Lite for ME!	0	0	I bought this in order to give my BF my Galaxy Tab 4, and it was the best choice for me, as I only use it for live streaming and light reading! I love SAMSUNG products, they never let me down
R25WCHFL85QXLP	4.0	I would have been glad to pay a higher price for it	0	0	Unfortunately I was unaware that this neat little tab lac!ked a built-in camera! I would have been glad to pay a higher price for it. The unit itself is a fine and very functional product.
R2ZKLUUFEL63QD	5.0	Awesome Deal	0	0	Excellent product! I got an awesome deal on this tablet. It stated that it was used, but the product looked like it had never been touched. Very happy with my purchase. My daughter loves it!
R2IVE3EBZZ46DW	4.0	Awesome Samsung product	0	0	It works just as well as my old one. I purchased this one b/c I dropped my original one and cracked the screen. I found that purchasing a new one was just as costly as replacing the screen.
RQSBD2UI6L0F1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great tablet! I love it!
R8ZTMAUR6H9YF	5.0	Irdered 3 pieces for my daughter and my friends. ...	0	0	Irdered 3 pieces for my daughter and my friends..it's very affordable for the price. Only the negative thing is that it doesn't have front camera.The item reached on time as described.
RG0L7ZXICU3FS	5.0	samsung 3 tablet lite..	0	0	Love this tablet!!! Exzactly the quality i thought it would be. Easy to navigate.. plenty of download space nice screen.. i am enjoy it .. would purchase another the price is great!!!
R3CMV4YOQXWAK1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Granddaughter love this
R3H4OF52HPFWX6	5.0	Enjoyable purchase	0	0	Bought this to replace grand-daughter's tablet that broke while she was visiting. It beats her other one going away. If a teenager says it is better then it has to be so, right?
R3JZ6JSD9JRRDU	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0	0	0	Exactly what I was looking for. Easy to use. Get downloads in seconds. The tablet guides you through whatever you want to do. I love it. Would highly recommend this product.
R2GOPEU5R83YZT	5.0	Easy to order	0	0	Easy to order, fast delivery, and perfect. It was a gift for my husband to get him off my tablet, and it has worked wonderfully... Thankyou this is a highly recommended item.
RA2QHG6EMDN3X	4.0	Good Buy, Quality Product!	0	0	Bought these for my grandson & niece for Christmas last year & they love them, they've held up fine and are working flawlessly! Good buy! You can't go wrong with Samsung!
R32KTR9AHNW3AN	5.0	... just opened the box and so far it works wonderfully..	0	0	I just opened the box and so far it works wonderfully...I can only hope whomever it was that stole the first one that was delivered that he/she enjoys it as much as I do.
R11KPI9TAMB5KB	5.0	Cute little tablet	0	0	Works like its suppose to! My phone is also a galaxy so it helped that I basically already knew how to use it. I do a lot of school stuff on it and it is very reliable!
R2FXD169F8863Y	5.0	what a nice tablet	0	0	this tablet is so good that it's a balanced mix between style, functionality, and operating system prowess. the tab 3 lite is the best out there for its price as of now
R2JWK9HRLD4W8N	1.0	Complete garbage	0	0	Tablet is horrible, worst dmotion blur I have ever seen on any mobile device and 90% of the apps I tried to download said that it isn't available for this device
R3AQZQ6OH5LWM2	5.0	I like my tablet	0	0	I like my tablet, the price is reasonable, I love the color, it is light. So far I have not had problems with it. The only thing missing is a little more memory.
R2DOCGF2V81GHX	5.0	GREAT VALUE!	0	0	I LOVE this tablet so far!! It runs so smoothly. Sure, it doesn't have a front camera-but it's not the end of the world. For the price, this tablet is AMAZING.
R3GWATKJEVYVC6	5.0	My daughter really enjoyed this tablet	0	0	My daughter really enjoyed this tablet. She has not put it down since Christmas Day. The screen is great. I am glad that I purchased this for her. Very happy.
RQ12UKACHGW68	5.0	Samsung Galaxy tablet 3	0	0	It was a good deal. It was bigger than the ones I got the grandkids 2 years ago so the cases did not work. Other than that we were pleaded with the purchase.
R2OKXOYMZQEO5Y	4.0	Great tablet, got it for my son's birthday	0	0	Great tablet, got it for my son's birthday. He really enjoys the device. He says it works exactly like the Samsung phone, just without the calling option.
R318KYW64L2JFT	3.0	She downloaded about 20 games and has allot of pics and it still runs pretty good but I does have a delay of about ...	0	0	Bought this for my 10yr old. She downloaded about 20 games and has allot of pics and it still runs pretty good but I does have a delay of about a second.
R1PL9I0DCPYXOP	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite (7-Inch, White) ...	0	0	This is perfect in size and simplicity. My grandkids use it for their Bible study and reading and ministry. And of course, some games for play time.
RMZ0OB6G7DDGZ	3.0	Nice, but slow	0	0	It works really well for games and I have Comcast app it works well on that as well, but it does run slow at times. I had to down load the cleaning app
R6G43I68WCWW	5.0	terrific tablet	0	0	i am sure the samsung galaxy i purchased from you was put to good use and from what my granddaughter said she really loves the samsung tablet.thank you
R2Z37HNLQK77IS	5.0	wooooo	0	0	So far so good. I bought it as a gift for my mom and all I have done is set it up. I think its a great tablet will update later with my moms opinion.
R2AFAN16DARXKE	4.0	Great tablet	0	0	Awesome tablet for kids. Expandable memory and good price. Seemed to slow down a bit after a year but expected with time and all apps kids download.
R207ZI76CEWU0R	3.0	Brakes easy I plug and unplug my phone more then I ...	0	0	Micro USB Port is cheap. Brakes easy I plug and unplug my phone more then I have to do to this thing and it is not wanting to charge half the time.
R26HVFPDAAUXHP	5.0	Samsung quality A+	0	0	This is a solid tablet. I love my 9 year old but she abuses her electronics. She's managed to burn through two Kindle but this tab is going strong.
R2WT6VJY3KG5V	4.0	Awesome. tablet but the only gripe i have with ...	0	0	Awesome.tablet but the only gripe i have with it is the.internet it is okaybut the music nd quality and slickness.is.pretty good sooooo yeah buy it
R1DE2CRBD37GUW	5.0	Bad surprise.	0	0	Works as expected. There is NO rear camera. I made the mistake to buy this table thinking that there is both front and rear camera. Bad surprise.
RQET0HX84ITCI	5.0	Great little tab!	0	0	Great little tab for screwing around! Get it for kids, teens or for ppl that want to surf web, watch videos or play games. Great pic quality!
R32053IOM924NX	5.0	I play with it, and use it for emails ...	0	0	I play with it, and use it for emails, and read books. Light, and fast. But the battery dont long too much around 6 hours if you are in WIFI.
RCX5VZUSNMKIU	5.0	Love it, reliable and lots of functions	0	0	I just use this for games, music, things like that, oh and the camera. I really like it. Lots of functionality (I underuse it). Reliable.
R3NLYJVFRSK8R2	1.0	not at all	0	0	bad image quality, and plus the price dropped from 109 to 79 and i was not eligible to get a refund for the price difference. disappointed.
R2NXLZT8FKHW3P	5.0	Great Samsung product and great delivery service!	0	0	Samsung products have always given me outstanding results, phones, TV's and tablets. I am very pleased with this tablet and it's functions.
R1LQC9BHXO1I38	5.0	I think it's great except I wish I could remove internet access on ...	0	0	My 10 year old son loves it. I think it's great except I wish I could remove internet access on it without having to put it in kids mode.
R1IXZ5GM7WT1RN	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent Thanks.
R1FC0ZG8FW9HAT	4.0	I like this product but only wish that I could at ...	0	0	I like this product but only wish that I could at least make Skype calls on it. No telephone functionality limits it's ability for me.
R13FYK6PJ4SFU8	4.0	Everything on the go!	0	0	I am glad I decided to purchase this tablet. Its like having my pc, music system and camera all in one. So easy to used and customize.
R3RSHGHTYG196M	4.0	I really like it I purchased one as a gift to my ...	0	0	I really like it I purchased one as a gift to my mom however I wish it had a light on it. I'm looking to purchase another for my pops
R2IWUQYK11KNCM	4.0	thankful	0	0	I love the tablet thank you again. Minus the package it was damage and the box was dented but thankful it didn't damage the tablet
RFOZWXLY3U42N	5.0	Great shipping and easy to charge and start using right ...	0	0	Great shipping and easy to charge and start using right away. Price was just slightly less than anywhere else that we have seen.
R1H5DY22H26JCX	5.0	Made xmas a success!	0	0	Excellent gift for 6 year old son for xmas! The price was right and delivery was fast! Thinking about ordering another for myself
R27ZWT06NTC5VY	2.0	don't buy this product tab 3 Lite	0	0	This is not a flagship or excellent product. Brought this for my niece. Very slow performance and not able to update to kit Kat.
R2OEKA4DRE98ME	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	fathers day gift
RJ21ZVNF3YZBA	5.0	Great Samsung Product.	0	0	I bought this for my daughter. We love the apps available. It is easy to use. It has a huge screen. It is easy to navigate.
RZHCE3ZCTMHN0	5.0	Excellent packing nd every featured work on the tablet I ...	0	0	Excellent packing nd every featured work on the tablet I have not had any problems with it ...I reccomend this product....
R3MMOV3DZNYN1L	3.0	looks great, a little slow	0	0	looks great, a little slow, not a lot of memory space; but great for the price. Prefect for the 80yr old i bought it for.
R2PX30M5WLSF5W	5.0	I would definately buy this product again	0	0	great product. I like it better and is very happy with it. I use it everyday for my online business and facebook messenger
R2QDUH3HYAF3C0	5.0	great tablet for the price of $99.00	0	0	Got here faster than expected. Such a nice tablet. My granddaughter will be so excited when i give it to her for Christmas
R2RP6QUUNSTZIK	5.0	Samsung has always been my favorite, and that is why I chose this tablet ...	0	0	Samsung has always been my favorite, and that is why I chose this tablet for the lowest price but still does what I want.
R1I6GHQMMNMCP8	5.0	:)	1	1	Awesome thanks!
R26FGZV2ZKOG4N	5.0	Great tablet at a great price	0	0	I bought this a a gift for my nine year old and she is enjoying it! It was a great price too! Happy with this purchese
R35KHU8UXIN39C	5.0	A Great Buy!!	0	0	I love Samsung products! Samsung has came a long way. I recommend this to anyone looking for themselves or their kids.
R2I0LI24FJIN9D	4.0	asap plz	0	0	I bought the tab 4 7 inch right before Christmas. I would like to know what i can do cause im having problems with it.
R2AH08H4A1SD12	2.0	crappy resolution - confusing navigation	0	0	crappy resolution - confusing navigation. Go with a high definition Kindle for just a little more. This one is bad.
R2NZP05OVKRNPE	1.0	Not what we expected	0	0	Was sold as new but obviously was a return. Packaging was stuffed in box. Never worked properly. Returned for credit
R3CBCRVXKC3ECC	5.0	Can I make power points and access Microsoft office on ...	0	0	Can I make power points and access Microsoft office on it I need a tablet for college and was interested in this one
R1ORJWDZ7JA152	5.0	Super happy with product	0	0	Excellent product - so happy with the purchase - more than what I expected. You can't really go wrong with this one.
R2OZXWIT19M3ES	4.0	Very good tab for the price paid ($89)	0	0	Very good tab for the price paid ($89). I gifted to my nephews. Good for kids as well as adults. Faster and cheaper.
R2IFUJWLML9CBS	5.0	I bought for a Christmas present for our daughter.	0	0	I bought for a Christmas present for our daughter. She uses one in school and she's been wanting one every since
R1IGQL3FSAA4E1	5.0	Thank you. The order was fast. Bought it ...	0	0	Thank you. The order was fast. Bought it saturday afternoon and my mom got it early next day. A pleasent surprise.
R15I9DV745W683	3.0	I don't recommend it for reading because the screen has reflection	0	0	I don't recommend it for reading because the screen has reflection. To big for me to carry it around. Good tablet!
R8CZFL5JCT9QO	4.0	Amazon has yet to disappoint me!	0	0	Saw advertised for a little more for about the same at discount electronic store.Amazon has yet to disappoint me!
RIBYVW4DPT7DG	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I arrived in good condition. It is practical , very useful and effective when multitasking without complications.
RNVR1FYE2B4O3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent computer. works perfectly . very good screen resolution. I recommend their purchase, a good investment.
RWAKPBFD3XL8N	5.0	It's pretty great but not as great compared to the non-lite ...	0	0	It's pretty great but not as great compared to the non-lite but if you want to save a few bucks you should get it
R3BGVAB31KXJLJ	5.0	Works like it should	0	0	This item was received in the appropriate timeframe. And it is operating exactly as it should be. No complaints.
RGR79J3JZKQ6S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fantastic. Just perfect for my six year old. Especially once we got it in the EpicGadget Shockproof Hybrid Case.
R2GRQBVS7VWO6P	5.0	Best step grandma!	0	0	Bought this for Christmas for my 6 year old grandson. He loved it. The size is perfect and the price was right!
RF9EOZKGUXOJ3	5.0	... have made it this long without a tablet I love it! and it has inspired me to buy ...	0	0	Not sure how I have made it this long without a tablet I love it! and it has inspired me to buy the galaxy phone
R3IADFDNL80E3T	5.0	I love the lite version	0	0	I love the lite version. Don't use many of the features of the full version. Also a lot lighter makes it nice.
R2CTYLH1OX4AC6	2.0	very disappointed!	0	0	Misleading image with a front facing camera. The tablet HAS NO such camera. Very, very disappointed!
R1K0JVDANJQVIG	5.0	Great tablet. I got it for my 4 yr ...	0	0	Great tablet. I got it for my 4 yr old. He loves it. I also put a 64 g card, so not its even better than ever.
R2RT3CL6A3ER5I	5.0	Love this tablet!	0	0	Love the tablet! Great product for the price. User friendly and light, small enough to fit in a purse. A plus!
R12YDGKWBOEI6A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love this tablet , purchased for a Christmas gift. Samsung tabs are amazing and fantastically engineered
RBHS1VU2PITPI	5.0	love it!	0	0	galaxy is the best brand for the price .....great touch screen . ....doesn't freeze . ..and it's fast.
R13XU3HZGBZZX3	5.0	Good recreation tablet	0	0	A good tablet for enjoying the internet while laying down on the bed, waiting for sleep to envelop your body.
ROCMPP772FUOL	3.0	Smh	0	0	It would be nice if I had a contract. For some reason it has issues picking up WiFi, so I'm sending it back.
R3NDFWT31GVYB8	2.0	Too difficult to set up for a person with few ...	0	0	Too difficult to set up for a person with few computer skills. Am unable to store books for future reading.
R2T5Y7OJ198Z71	2.0	Would not recommended it. Szve your money and get the 10 ...	0	0	I had problems with this from day 1. Would not recommended it. Szve your money and get the 10 inch instead.
R3H2BR0WCX3K9U	4.0	The screen is not the best. Overall a great tablet for the price	0	0	Very impressed for a refurnished product. The screen is not the best. Overall a great tablet for the price!
R2YG46BTVCV3ZZ	5.0	Perfect for what I wanted	0	0	Perfect for what I wanted! You tube, fb, and a few other things! Its light, really clear, and easy to use!
RRQ90VME8OTAB	5.0	I love my tablet	0	0	I love my tablet. I drop my other one but this on is excellent and has a lot of features. goog price also.
R1MU76JPJJVTFU	3.0	Product is ok for daily use. It is definitely ...	0	0	Product is ok for daily use. It is definitely not as usable as my iPad. It is smaller and more portable.
R1FPXXSIJ2KHIF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Reciever loved gift.as of today,1-2-15,performing to expectations.great price for an outstanding tablet.
R20EHDKZX566AF	1.0	NOT WORTH A HUNDRED BUCKS!	1	2	NOT WORTH A HUNDRED BUCKS! If I could give negative stars I would. Although the price is cheap, this is still not worth the hundred bucks. It lags, freezes and crashes on the simplest tasks. From web browsing to opening up the google play store, cant do much with it. I don't usually compare, but my China phones and tablets that are not a well known brand work better than this, at half the price! same specs and all. It even feels cheap. Samsung, I know for a fact the Galaxy Tabs are well made, but please, do us all a favor and take this off the line-up.
RO1EC1M1ZOVT2	5.0	it is very good value.	0	0	Received the Tab 3 a day ahead of time promised. This is our second Tab 3 Lite , it is very good value.
R1DMDACXDF0310	5.0	Purchased it for my little nephew It arrived pretty quick it's nice so far and my nephew is ...	0	0	Purchased it for my little nephew It arrived pretty quick it's nice so far and my nephew is very happy
R25XAZ8IFUAAZE	4.0	Good	0	0	So far seems to work fine. I bought it for my toddler to watch YouTube kids and other children's apps.
R163ERA54T65JC	3.0	okay	0	0	Was doing good when we first got it, but you can not down load much on this tablet, it runs slow to me
RXYV4PA4QBJV8	4.0	the recipient was very pleased with the tablet	0	0	Was ordered as a gift for Christmas, and last I heard, the recipient was very pleased with the tablet.
R2FMWTYVPZ5E9R	5.0	seems to be working great. no issues and i have had it since ...	0	0	my daughter dosent put it down.. seems to be working great. no issues and i have had it since nov 2014
R1W2TF2I3BUYZF	5.0	Great deal. Works perfectly.	0	0	Just wish the screen was larger, but I love it because the interface is just like my Galaxy S4 phone.
R2Q5ZCD0W9D1BQ	5.0	samsung tab 3 lite	0	0	Got samsung tab 3 Lite the other and I like it battery holds a lot better then other tables I had!!!
R3LGAQ459MN0QV	3.0	Works great but poor battery life	0	0	Bought as a gift for my daughter. She absolutely loves her table. Works great but poor battery life.
R27YMWA8SLHRT5	5.0	It was great! Is wonderful we got these for my two ...	0	0	It was great! Is wonderful we got these for my two nieces and they was perfect for them age 4 and 5.
R33RQ0QEPSAEWH	4.0	Pretty good basic tablet.	0	0	Works fine, but has no app2sd support. Great graphics, good sound, fast enough for the apps I use.
R1U9GAC3HZY9O0	5.0	but economical and great for small kids	0	0	Bought 2 for my kids. Maybe not the latest technology, but economical and great for small kids.
R3RPKZTPTF02BR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Amazing, it was intact, not the fastest shipping but I'm happy beacuse is in perfect conditions.
R3SE4RQ8928NVA	3.0	ok device...	1	2	Its your typical samsung device, with some typical samsung features, for example its fast for a week and then becomes painfully slow, battery is #$=%, I watch tv for an hour and my battery has gone from 90% to 10. Overall im giving it 3 stars for being a device that works, and does almost everything you would want a tablet for this price to do for you... my lesson from this device is next time I wont be cheap, and I will save up for another couple weeks to get a galaxy tab s or something like that...
R1QPQZK8IIMY2F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very happy, doesn't run slow. Very similar to my Note 3. Another great purchase with Amazon!
R3HEFY7DS3TBJX	5.0	perfect.	0	0	item as described. brought it for my 12 year old brother for watching movies/games. perfect.
RU6HXO3YX6R03	5.0	Great gift for the grandchildren	0	0	Purchased this for my grandson age 13 for Christmas...He loves it...he couldn't put it down.
R1ZMRXCVDQTM1I	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Great product, but never received a invoice with the order. So I have no proof of purchase..
R3IYZMBLTZ1ONJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it. Got it for my 5 year old son for Christmas last year, still works and works good.
R3MR2JGK0OEP17	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I like almost everything about this except that there is no front facing camera for Skype.
R1QO4B1NQ76Z6I	4.0	... Christmas and since she's new to technology this was great for her	0	0	I got it for my mom on Christmas and since she's new to technology this was great for her!
R7620ZQDG3RXG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good product in good shape. Holds a charge during continous use for about 6 hours so far.
R2TGKN7SZLGAOI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I enjoy this tables. Great to play games or just listen to music and browse the internet.
R25FTKWX3Y8IGE	2.0	Iike, it but camera only one way. I ...	0	0	Iike, it but camera only one way. I which it was bout ways my daughter can't do selfies.
R16TSZYISI748C	5.0	Applications are accessible and it is easy to	0	0	This tablet is worth the purchase. Applications are accessible and it is easy to navigate
RPW8J8YZYS90T	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Slightly disappointed. Didn't have a front camera. Otherwise I would have given 4 stars.
R1WQXZA6W0Z88X	1.0	Don't waste your money!	0	0	I've used this tablet for a little over a month and the charging port is all ready out!
R3F8OW9N6PGJ40	3.0	Tablet is great. Amazon as always delivered on time	0	0	Tablet is great. Amazon as always delivered on time. My 8 year old is very satisfied.
R1N8T8XHYNS200	5.0	This was a Christmas get for my Mom, she ...	0	0	This was a Christmas get for my Mom,she loves it. Small enough to carry in her purse!
RUG09VL6MGLK5	5.0	Very pleased with this SGT - 3	0	0	Very pleased with this SGT - 3. Bought as a gift for my 10 yr. old and she loves it!!!
R1PV99XQBYHHZA	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	It is for my 4 year old daugter and it serves its purpose, would not buy it for myself
R2UUIB39AZATSS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The color is so much prettier in person  it came on time and is absolutely wonderful
R2B167GHYQD6SD	3.0	To small. Short battery life. To many hoops ...	0	0	To small. Short battery life. To many hoops to jump through. Wold not buy another.
R2KLHKAFQ9AVFU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very Happy With it! Also got here fast, Thank you for that. Its in perfect condition
RW5HBAOZ5AQU3	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Pretty good deal. The picture could be better. But all in all I am quite satisfied.
R2G7UV3E07IC9X	3.0	fast shipping	0	0	my cousin love it the only down fall it didn't come with a front facing camera
R3P4JQCCUQ62EQ	3.0	Good tablet, bad battery.	0	0	Great refurbished tablet. Came with a really bad battery that won't hold a charge.
R3MW51O5EVX41P	5.0	Too bad, not your fault	0	0	Unfortunately it got wet and never could be of service. Too bad, not your fault.
RWXFL5QSL1XNX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I bought one of these for my wife. The item is just as advertised and works well.
R157NRSQCU0HTZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Loved these tablets they were perfectly fine. Highly recommended. Thanks Amazon
R366E8ODDNX3AB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect item great price- usedi nternational shipping and it was safe and secure
R1J0NTBCNGGS91	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This was a gift and it is loved soooooo much by the recipient. Terrific buy!!!
R9YRE4JFY9M97	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	this tablet was in great condition, everything ok. shipped promptly. thanks.
R2VSP41NASPACI	5.0	... wish it had a front camera but it works awesome	0	0	we use this all the time kinda wish it had a front camera but it works awesome
R3723WTGJC8GVB	5.0	Its great!	0	0	My daughter loves her tablet. Its quite simple and so far durable. Its great!
R3VJPRQKCFTYQZ	5.0	Better than Better	1	2	Perfectly Pleased... This is the absolute BEST product available for the price. Too many Pro's to list, too little Con's to even try to make up. More features than you will ever use in this mighty little contraption. Perfect for children and adults. Has child mode to keep unwanted downloads and functionality in check. As always buy a protective case and this device will last a long time. Enjoy.
R24AWHCH4A3M3R	1.0	If you like being pissed off, you'll LOVE this gem.	1	2	It has taken roughly 12 minutes to get this far in my review, on wifi. This is the ultimate POS. My first run HTC wildfire is faster and WAAAAAAAAAAY more responsive. I have never hated an electronic gizmo till this lemon. I thought dude was crazy for wanting to trade this for said HTC. Actually I was. Wish I could leave zero stars, AAAAND get my 5 year old HTC back.... that hater wont do it.
R13DA0U01XAWU3	5.0	This is an excellent, basic Android tablet	1	2	This is an excellent, basic Android tablet. I bought one overseas a couple of years ago when I dropped my Ipad and shattered its screen. I can attest that the Tab 3 Lite is the most durable tablet I have ever seen. I have dropped it on hard floors around the world, I have had it smushed in bags and the screen never cracked. It is an excellent tablet to give to your kids. Highly recommended!
RDW4TRCXSMWJ	4.0	Great tablet for the price.	1	2	This is refurbished, and I honestly cant tell between it in its current state or the brand new one. I got this for watching movies and youtube for when I travel, and its great for that. Its the lite version, so the camera sucks, but who needs a freaking camera on a tablet? I have the galaxy s4 and this does most of the stuff my GS4 can do. Overall, great small tablet for a good price.
R1S5KPCK27DODS	4.0	Very Pleased	0	0	I bought this item for my wife and she was really pleased with the tablet.
R8JELVDAB714E	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent
R178WRPSALTN0P	1.0	One Star	0	0	It's an old tablet. That doesn't let you screen mirror on the chromecast.
R1MRIJX3T8032V	5.0	Wonderful product!!!	0	0	This was a gift for my 11 yr old grand daughter and she loves it. Thanks
R27804AKXJ3Y0S	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	I enjoy it very much.I give it a 5. It is more than what I was expecting.
R1HP2WUXBQ6HTW	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great tablet. But the vendor send me a black tablet when I ask for white.
R232IAP81A3P8E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Bought this for my wife and she is hooked on it. She uses it constantly.
R2BVG6OAEAG9C6	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I love it but don't like the fact that it doesn't have the front camera.
R1JHL8OHTP3OMS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Just got it today and I can't stay off it this tablet replaces my laptop
R1S5GTD0HLRQOQ	5.0	Good quality tablet without breaking the bank	0	0	My stepdaughter loves it. Good quality tablet without breaking the bank.
R3LBWFB0J3FNRD	5.0	... Lite arrived just as advertised and daughter is very happy!	0	0	Galaxy Tab 3 Lite arrived just as advertised and daughter is very happy!
R2RKBA1Q7LL3DN	4.0	everyday tablet	0	0	I use it everyday form the time I bought it. Small devices work for me.
R1963A7NWF93II	5.0	nice tablet	0	0	Nice little tablet. I got 2 for my boys, they're really enjoying them..
R1W9XLRFFZ5PS1	4.0	I bought it used but it's like brand new it's awesome for everyday use	0	0	I bought it used but it's like brand new it's awesome for everyday use
R2CIX37ZQAQZPF	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	will find out when my husband opens it for his Christmas gift :) lol...
RE2E3QGOYWC80	5.0	A huge plus to any home!	0	0	You can control almost everything in the house using your home network.
RD3ZRZYQTWGLI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Satisfied for the discounted price but would not recommend full price.
R33LEZMIN3MCUQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Samsung tablets are the best, No issues. I would recommend to anyone.
R37VUXSGLKDQL5	4.0	Does what I need it to	0	0	Nice tablet, a little underpowered but still versatile and competent.
R3SX3OSPNE36M2	3.0	Excellent tablet !	0	0	love this tablet ! Moves very fast and smooth ! Screen is beautiful !
R3CBNMAUNZX8SV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	A+++. Fast shipping and everything was exactly as in the description.
R4TGOOWZ5WT0S	4.0	I like the one I got & it gets a fair ...	1	2	I like the one I got & it gets a fair amount of use. However there are times when I do wish I had looked a bit more into what other models I could have gotten for the price. For lite browsing and reading it works pretty good. The video is only fair. The audio is poor due to the speaker being back facing (unsure why). Still happy with it though.
R1ILN02TV60AD9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My granddauther like it. She is very happy it was for chistmas gift.
R5WJBUFXM7R98	4.0	A perfect buy	1	2	It fits neatly into any ready to go bag,the weight is perfect ,I recommend it to busy mom and any person who wants convenience and reliability. i love my new Samsung lite....
R3T6BI5W17KAUM	4.0	Great for the price! But no camera at all	1	2	Great for the price! but no camera at all . Runs google Android perfectly and smoothly. Highly recommend. Screen very response
R34DY96CT07420	5.0	Great Tablet	1	2	Light weight so it is easy to handle but also very fast so you can use it like a computer.
R2N15JCKEF27VH	4.0	Good deal	1	2	I own a tab 2 10.1 so I got this for my wife. It is faster than mine. I am very happy with it.
R1IVERXSQVJ72C	5.0	Highly satisfied with this tablet.	1	2	This tablet came in arrived in a timely manner. I bought this tablet for my kids and they love it. No problems with this tablet at all.
RKWKDN70AM69H	5.0	Good product	1	2	I got one for my grandson for Christmas last year and he loved it so I got one for my husband
R3M5HJR24KRTGS	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Bought this for my 3 year old and it's perfect. He uses it everyday
R2C2WUB94XBVTJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great deal! Bought them on sale for 99.00. Solid piece of hardware.
R1G2M27QL4G50F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Recommend to friends and public in general, is a excellent tablet!
R2D3EYB86HC76F	5.0	works great considering it was refurbished	0	0	Bought for my husband, works great considering it was refurbished.
RX3VK71M9WHL8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I am very pleased with my Samsung Galaxy tab lite 3 ."Thanks!
R1MT6GC2HTEBY1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love this tablet. It has great speed. I use it on a daily basis
R33TMATB81OI2O	4.0	Pretty good tablet	0	0	Works well. It fulfills it purpose. Inexpensive. Samsung quality.
RMX4VMO2F7RMH	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Charger cord stop working upon second day and tablet gets too hot
R203NYI64JXWGR	3.0	Moms tablet	0	0	Very nice and pretty tablet and light. I really have enjoyed it
R3HCXZ0PN2VT7Q	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good product works great, for the price this is really worth it
RQ8PA4GVU5CK1	4.0	It's okay.	0	0	It's good for a kids tablet..but it doesn't hold a charge long.
R3IG8LZWA3TSMI	5.0	Great product	0	0	It was a great buy! Cant wait to buy another one for my nephew.
R3MBN7JLI6B03T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Only had it for a few weeks. So far its exactly what I wanted.
R3GM8D40A0PHZK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very nice item, the price is right, fast delivery, thank you .
R1NRZCX5RWSYNL	4.0	upgrade is better.	0	0	Works fine. If you do have the choice go for the galaxy tab 4
RCYJ68ASS7YXN	4.0	excellent Product!!	0	0	This is an excellent tablet. Light weight, easy to navigate.
R1BL19DK60ROJ2	4.0	Great Tablet	0	0	Great tablet. Bought it for my 12 year old son. He loves it.
R1UQBK44LZZGOV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I enjoy my Samsung. tablet. And very happy with my purchase.
R2I746VT67ABUH	5.0	Exellent	0	0	love it. Good battery life, light weight beautiful graphics.
R2P1739Q1M5SMN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The Galaxy tab is always great and this was at a super price
RV7KXK393HRK2	5.0	Great bday gift	0	0	The tablet was a perfect birthday gift for my granddaughter
R24JLZW4WG6C8G	1.0	One Star	0	0	I dont liked it , its work bad , bad resolution and version
R3D59XEM6N7YSR	5.0	you will love it	0	0	Love it, love it, love it. It is everything that is said.
R1XEJ5AZX8Z2MC	5.0	Great buy, bought it for my 4yr old son ...	0	0	Great buy , bought it for my 4yr old son and he loves it !
R3S9CH3TL3UFZY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product ideal for school age children and older.
RT8HAV96ITA3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	He loves this thing it does everything you could ask for.
RE6NZKILYFJ7D	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I ordered this for my sister,she loves it :-) :-) :-) :-)
R2IYZHXG57Y3YW	5.0	Good quality	0	0	Price d right... Arrived as per schedule ... Good quality
R3I7KBW01XCJVU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it! I love this tablet... Affordable and effective!
R3AL8OACIYHEQK	5.0	... 7 year old loves this and I got it super fast.	0	0	My 7 year old loves this and I got it super fast. Thanks
R8DC0DUWYWHI0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	VERY NICE JUST NEED FRONT AND BACK CAMARA ONLY HAS BACK
R23USPJ2N4UALC	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	I have replaced the device because had a little problem
R36FRWBKPRFLBG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent attention, the product according to the photo
R1CFB4NX9AV97U	1.0	BATTERY LIFE	3	5	does not hold charge, when not even using and has a full battery, battery life goes down, when using about an hour, tablet gets very hot to the point you can't hold.
RPKLDU94LO4I6	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I bought it for my husband and he absolutely loves it.
R3UIY0HH7FMFC3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	from Venezuela clock I really liked many thanks amazon
R22F7XD5GQT1JZ	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Nice compact tablet. Great buy for the price as well.
RV3L8MFA582NB	2.0	worse product samsung has made	1	2	as others have pointed out the screen is Exremely dim. After 10 minutes you will have a headache. Also when scrolling it is Super sensitive, takes you to a different site,pure madness. YOULL SPEND HRS TRYING TO GET THRU ALL THE SWITCHING. I THREW OURS AWAY. ITS JUNK!
R2T6XLKSZPK6YK	3.0	stick with Kindle	0	0	Ok but not as easy to use as my original Kindle Fire.
R1MUFES801CCMQ	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very different from my kindle. Takes getting used to. I've only had it about six weeks and I am getting a message that I don't have enough storage!!
R3OCLVKOE6BXPL	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great product, just wish it had a double side camera.
R1S56A0EFIR1WW	5.0	nice tablet	0	0	Bought it for my 7 year olds birthday. She loves it.
R3R1TKZRGLLFTU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great for the price. The seller was also really good
RS43IZV4PDGPQ	3.0	... as fast as I hoped but everything else is fine.	0	0	Not as fast as I hoped but everything else is fine.
R2V90GSWSHA6X2	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	My grandson is havei ning the time of has life
R34WH42BWHWJ4F	5.0	Nice tablet	0	0	Bought for our 8 year old twins. Easy to navigate!
R1H1XB5R9OA102	5.0	better than I thought	0	0	worked, arrived as expected, better than I thought!
R14LX5Q70VZUFJ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	perfec
R2H990TZC0ZRMQ	1.0	One Star	0	0	No sure it's still give me problem with the volume
R33M6ZXH5ZMZBF	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	My sister loves it until she got her galaxy note 4
R3OFPOS116C0WI	4.0	Fab tab!!	0	0	I like my new tab it's great and came in no time.
R2TU0ZDIM0IUV0	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very easy to navigate. Great clarity and graphics
R5H89WW6EEFM7	5.0	... a gift for my mom and she is in love with it	0	0	Was a gift for my mom and she is in love with it.
R17XSBCZW3YOTY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1ING1LAS8PYB6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	loved the low cost and shipping cost of product.
R2V6064HFNMWJK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet.... very handy and great for travel
R3U3UY0O64785F	5.0	Great gift for a Teenager !	1	2	What a surprise when my Grand-Daughter opened this for her 13th Birthday. Light, compact, and does everything she wants it to do..Price was right in case something happens to it. (Her Grandma has the Galaxy 5 - both love them !)
R1U6PW59K8A1DD	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	i like it, but takes a lot of time charging it.
R10DQRSGMV0D30	4.0	i'd like to buy once more	0	0	as expected. i'd like to buy once more advanced
R2Z1SVBUTIRNP3	5.0	Good product	0	0	Beautiful, practical and good price. Well done
R1P2YCD0OXNP8Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect Christmas Gift for my Son! He loved it.
RLXSOYRPAPXL0	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	got for 8 year old loves it perfect for his use
R28YI2A83W5YXT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My sisters can't put it down thankyou very much
R3EL0H3EDUYTPR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This tablet works perfect. No issues thus far.
R3R6SOFVMMFPJC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very happy with this tablet.. my son loves it
R7TF2U2J9WYRJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Everything I expected and more fast delivery.
R1Q5TI91VW3WSO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent Product thanks a lot for everything
R3NGMICNCVGKW0	5.0	Nice but a dash bit bigger than 7 inches	0	0	Nice but a dash bit bigger than 7 inches
R2LQAL1NZ152UM	5.0	excellent item description and fast shipping.	0	0	excellent item description and fast shipping.
R12QU90T58ZZYF	1.0	The tablet presented a defect in the display	6	10	I brought the tablet to Brazil, but after 3 days using it the display presented a defect. I took it to a specialized shop and he told me that the display presented a hard deffect and I need to replace it, but the cost is almost 50% of the price of the tablet. It is the first time that it happens with me after many years buying in Amazon Aymone Fiscina affiscina@dow.com
R1U1K7Z7C3PANN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good Product...as I expected. Fast Shipping.
R301GC8ANOGERW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product perfect for my daughters bday.
R2KP704NO5KZB0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Affordable and long lasting. I ordered two.
R1K1PAH4OZ5RGE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Brought it for my daughter and she loves it
R1B6C4HDZ5LY6V	4.0	it will do nicely	0	0	nicely desiged and functional at good price
R15P6MP03F7RBU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My boyfriend loves it. Got it for Christmas
R2EOVBYIRAXWY5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My case is beautiful ...love it...Thank you
R2TBEQDKNUY5UJ	5.0	Don't skimp and buy a no name tablet...stick with samsung	1	2	My brother bought his kid a discount tablet for Christmas with a bigger screen...we are now replacing that tablet..it was $70..this one is 99...go with name brand and save yourself stress and money in long run.
R1DL4V2COWVP5B	1.0	100% poor	0	0	It died and no power on .........100% poor
R2KBRX9YPAKIB1	5.0	Mom's Upgrade	0	0	It was a Mothers day gift. Mom loves it!!
R1RNKTTC6U3427	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Got for my daughters and they love them.
R3QQG9D6DFOVYK	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	It does not have double camera for skype
R3HCKQEPTR9K5Z	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Bought it for my niece and she loves it!
R1BBYH898GXCOA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice size lite portable good screen size
R1YTVIXZTV8NXX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent, is a good table, good price!
R2EY1CUBFZRJF6	5.0	I love it	0	0	Yes-it is great for what I want it for!
R1NKZSD73JDIHD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product and shipping was fast
R1GWWMY2SBLC4J	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Its an okay size and does what I need.
R1LTXC40RM6HQH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Best table I ever bought for my boys.
R2QHD1O88W6XIY	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Bought it for my son and he loves it.
R3LQGQOOJ3TVCN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	my grand children love there tablets!
R2BK9KBTFH2VGH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great love this tab. Great buy!
R30JFEXWLCEZN4	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	very good quality, excellent product.
R1TE35CTYVADMK	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	It's ok but volume is not loud enough
R25PYIP5NLMQL7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My 3 yrs old daughter loves her pad.
R27ZYLOU65YD5B	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent product , I recommend it .
RA4CNT6WZDW9O	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Bought it for my son and he loves it
R139M28MJ2KWVR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Arrived on time and brand new thanks
R31RE4RYQHUG4L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thank you I love it. Great quality.
R3RBZPNYXFQ0I6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it! It has everything I wanted
RB9M1S6ZI9IM8	4.0	A really nice one.	0	0	This was a gift. A really nice one.
R17QQBD72XEW91	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	works good, great Christmas present
R1X0AZA3UO7UN4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	wonderful Christmas gift for my son
RQQ66K84JQPVO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good product, my daughter love it!
R39OW5F860AW5G	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product. I recommend it.
R2RL1PMTSJNN2W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Product excellent 100% recommended
R1982TMQ4GOHYO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I enjoyed the time it took to ship
R1IROENJRPTPEU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product, very happy with it
R3C8IKHEFP2K3P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Been a wonderful gift for my son!
RVK8SNRBOSXVV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	They reached me in good condition
R3NEEHBW3WAJJQ	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Its not like I thought it will be
R2JLSP9WQ8BRTJ	1.0	For being refurbished they did a poor job of it	1	2	For being refurbished they did a poor job of it. I can't get to all the screens and i can't take photos with it. i won't be able to get my money back either
R3R6XM3NZ4K8ZU	2.0	good	0	0	Its nice but only had one camera
R2LA4BLIDURBWZ	1.0	One Star	0	0	Home button was/is inoperable 
R2WA1HSO7QVX7S	5.0	Excellent. Very happy with item	0	0	Excellent. Very happy with item
R7IVKKO9BH8AV	5.0	good quality at right price	0	0	a gift for my mom, she loved it.
R2KYU494UJD9C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Item as described. Fast shipping
RWHRKHSJQFTP5	5.0	Perfect, I am impressed	0	0	Wonderful, who needs a computer
R3QDUE4YXK9KSS	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great Product... fast shipping!
R3U60YQE0UIQJX	5.0	excellent	0	0	I like this tablet, works fine,
R22V8O5U5ST0ZN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The review was for the tablet.
R148973E2UF861	5.0	Great Product!	0	0	Fast Shipping. Great Product!
R3AESVK28K0B82	5.0	A fine buy	0	0	Worked great and looking good.
RX50B142L9U7C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good phone for the money.
R25K8QM22WE7GX	5.0	easy to	0	0	My wife loves it, easy to read
RRRYZ03018WP9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love how light weight it is. My daughter is on it everyday.
R16ZX0ZXOI4AGC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	So very pleased with my tab 3
R33LCH1R14YH7M	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Product and great price
R5XKT9L192N1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent..... Extremely Good
R3IQL041G1A5ZN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great price and great tablet!
R1JC0PKXLEVGQZ	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Doesn't have a two way camera
R3SKK7DKS5TTDV	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite (7-Inch, White)	4	7	i rate this 5 star because works well brand new and easy to work with am amaze by this product
R2IBO4M1JLOUIV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great business. Good product
RRMSWO7EY33WE	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	It's Awesome I Love It!!!!!!
R34DZROV8JAEP9	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great product for the money.
R3TOXLUX8AO38C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very thing came as expected.
R2I3LFGLHBWA43	4.0	Good	0	0	Good product. A little slow.
R33MQVPME3LA2	5.0	tablet	0	0	Works great and came on time
R15WDREOZH6TY9	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Bad screen. Colors don't pop
R2C4QLZ05JVY0Z	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good product Timely Delivery
RM3C8A3COJSR8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Daughter loved this thankyou
R1MYBDJ94UINNI	4.0	Tablet met my expectations.	0	0	Tablet met my expectations. I was buying this as a gift for my brother in law. He needed a tablet that would be light enough to carry around whilst meeting his data needs at school. This was the perfect present as it is light andhe can access his school data using WiFi network. The internal storage is big enough for a start and the fact that it is expandable up to 32GB is a plus. The camera too is great - though it could be better as is the case on the Galaxy Phones. But it will do.
RDEUM6KS4147R	5.0	Great tablet.	0	0	Very happy with this tablet.
R1COWK8Q2K6G7Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet for the price.
R11EBLI12PFMAF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice tab! Love the color :)
RH6D6Z8SP9WL3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet for the price.
RD2AN2FPNJ5JF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	item as described.thank you
R16CXLQ6C7ZEUE	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Condition was as advertised
RIKF3RN1VHWAK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	thank you excellent product
R2IWCYGV2GG8EB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very nice tablet thank you.
R1702GHO17BGXB	2.0	It ran hot, which means this item was not ...	1	2	It ran hot, which means this item was not tested properly before it was sold. I was just unhappy with the product in question.
R1X0K1JQ6URB5C	2.0	Battery is not impressive at all	0	0	Standby battery life sucks
R335I4WRU5Z211	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great deal and transaction
R1DA9CF0EF7LBX	5.0	Love Samsung Tab's!	0	0	great buy! Works perfect.
R2O5FWUIWYZNVS	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	It is just what I expected
R3CBC7MXK5AD9W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very nice........Very fast
R2FOLT4XBPJFPU	5.0	Awesome table kids luv	0	0	Awesome table kids luv it
R1W57C6WQBQFFZ	5.0	Samsung Tab 3 Lite(7inch	0	0	My Granddaughter Loved It
R1FLU3EM4MR6YG	4.0	Solid performer	0	0	Functional, nice graphics
RT3FGKLQBNSDR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My granddaughter loves it
RLPT2K27E50C8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	fulfilled my expectations
R1K9DG57NU44ZB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect tablet very light
R15RPJ7L56CPRS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	my granddaughter loved it
R2J7BFTAP8455O	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect condition love it
R1N92KBKFK9R5T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very handy for traveling
R2XIB7V1NOUSDN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very happy with purchase
R2H3SC2O8FPKU	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great Gift...Good Price!
R1KRY4WVMK8AKX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	my grand son lovet tkhx
RGAC8XEY44E0	5.0	Aw3some	0	0	Everything as promised.
RYXPOBF1PWHMG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	better than I expected.
R225LN2W2PDGLV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good nice size product.
R1GD5U026173B2	5.0	question	0	0	Dose it have Bluetooth?
R1B3L5IZ49JPT1	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Works great no problems
R130YLRQJ03IKK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	fast answer. Thank you
R6M18S5ECNQY3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great minature tablet.
R3821M90VT9FUQ	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	it didnt work properly
RF5Z6DB16M0L4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	super excelent , thank
R3SVZXY4D1HE8Q	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	All good as i expected
R2SD93EB9OAEN7	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Its working excellent.
RUQQX6XSXOI7Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughters love them
RETKNFER71VW0	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Seems to be just great
R1AGF3F7UUKNRJ	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good one for the price
ROCERRF6V3SB4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	lov oid \ \
R2PTDCZW0NN37H	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Works great thank you
R29W4DJ888CNPI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Everything was super.
R2WAB07WPD7FSZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Can't beat the price!
R25RS2LD0S1F0A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughter loves it.
RX799MTHQHMTP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good and on time
R1WV3R0KHDWZOF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's fine, excellent.
R11TZLJOAG5U3W	5.0	Love it, easy to use	0	0	Love it , easy to use
R3P6RIXNTXR71P	1.0	One Star	0	0	Broke after 7 months
R1PY39S46MQ6A0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it.. Thanks..
RZQB94972NIOL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I like, is very good
R10BD2IOA2AO6P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	too good!!!!!!!!!!!!
R38HDW663NZQ3U	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My grandson loves it
R13GLNOWX3V0GP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good tablet for cost
R3BIDAIMBYPYSI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good tablet for kids
R3S22K5FLI6BIR	5.0	I love it	0	0	It is a great device
R2BRUR2YOW2W9W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it its perfect
R3CSDHWX7R68O0	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Excelente producto.
RJKCQOWGKQWZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works beautifully!!
R3IJJQKVS7MDQB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love this tablet!!!
RP6530WGV2EB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Really like so far.
RKXH8HQCLZ5I8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente producto
R27JJ95Q64IH6A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente producto
R9KQ8CQVW2Z2W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent for kids
R2X33941NB6F3Z	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	perfect very good.
R21FCWV0BDVDC4	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Poor resolution...
R3RCAI2TXNJBIV	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	very user friendly
R2XN8WAK7S8P6A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Wonderfull Product
R86GI5LO3KWNN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product!
R2A3SS073SPSCP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product.
ROFKFF1ZGL61Z	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	ok
R3S828A24JKE1R	2.0	not recommend it	2	4	I bought it after the regular galaxy 3 7". Not even close...slow and keep messing up with the apps. for that extra $20 the galaxy 3 7" way better value.Also...won't fit the regular 7" case.
R3BEJ94VOJGS00	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product
R2QYZWZ08ZEEWZ	1.0	No	0	0	Ya no me interesa
R2ZTDPB9VU0UII	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Its a good tablet
R3AKJ1AGITFYH8	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Is a little slow.
R3LXHVD6ELUYZ7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	GRACIAS EXCELENTE
RQMOY3CEJ31KG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Just love my tab3
R2843R9JEP0M29	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Working very will
R2P2Y258BZRQH2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent product
R3BPWLN62ME6MF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent article
R14OWZUJ2IUEMO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	exelente producto
R26FEH2ALRIYCI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product
R2LI0GG91TV14T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	exelente producto
R3V48KVWM7BVX2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	exelente producto
R1N9HFAEQTEV7S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thanks I love it
R1MDSX8TG520E1	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Love my purchase
R3FW7YBPUSUECL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	VERY GOOD TABLET
RHBD8ES46UB2D	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good value.
R1GAJZKABDVEL1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	my kids love it.
R16A2YDKF2UN5F	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	it works great !
R1IN84SE1R0M47	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesom . Product
R3MSWLRF21FO8C	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Muy buena tablet
R7CU9I38FZ2KM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I will buy again
R1DHLCP5JXZD31	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	High performance
R1ICJ89OH35EMC	4.0	Samsung Tab	7	12	The Samsung tab is a pretty good device. It says "lite" but it is very functional and does many operations you would expect a tab to perform. It is about the size of an iPad mini, so for all the loyalist who want to pay an extra $100 or more....go ahead. It fires up very quickly. Apps loaded via Google Play store with no issues. Wi-Fi was recognized very quickly. You can convert the tab to access phone call or text (via Skype and Mighty Text), so presto you have something comparable to your smartphone. The 3 series is pretty good so if you are looking for a device which is functional and easy to learn this is worth a try, as Samsung has done a pretty good job in providing a variety of tablets based on need. I ordered a case which was very nice. It was from Amazon of course, and was under $10.
R3668APPBESC13	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Like it love it
R88BLI0X66DAL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Happy Customer!
RRI8XPUJ8E5AQ	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	i like the size
R1CJRFHFTQ3L7L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Would recommend
RRNQFVD6BJVBB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product..
RYQI3262KO53X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good product!!!
R3IOJJCFGZUXY4	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	No front camera
R2KMZVRKKELQP5	5.0	Very satisfied	0	0	Very satisfied
RS7NPJWBCFDLY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome product
R182APVRTAPMSA	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good for price
R1WY027ZBRYRIP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Worked well...
R2T7GF16QJLHIS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Product!
R24TAD1P1XGUQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product!
R2QS68LVI1EWNO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	So far so good
R1MNVXRQV4NB3S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome device
RXZMO7W5B0P3I	5.0	good	0	0	good pric good
RYYRN12MMWCWR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	amazing !!!!!!
R1L6H4XZ23RQU9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product!
RM21466OMJRLA	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	It was awesome
R3URULUZE6OST2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent sale
R3KPMXW5WLO5G1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very excellent
RT7FZSMYJNCH5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	doing it's job
R34DX1FJUG6GL5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good product.
RDE2C7TNBSJSB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thank you, A+
R3OKTUX29U1BHN	4.0	Decent	0	0	Decent for me
R2YNURLGVDCCJH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product
RL3R2YUKOJHKC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	all excellent
R112XL7BG57R6I	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product
R28HESJBYSURME	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	He loves it!!
RGOIE1STGYAQ9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	buen producto
R9G1WDG5P9TJV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was a gift
R10NMP4F5QIS3V	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	As advertised
R37ITKKN4B3XV3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very Good !!!
R2VR1R88L50FV7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet
R185BUGGS6P6W5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it !!
R14R65C3HNKLF9	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Does the job
R24BAOP1E9DDXU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My favorite!
R23NDEZ7BPJ2ME	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent!!!
R2K59FBM5976UP	5.0	nice	0	0	Good product
R12BOM76AKLL6R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great!
R1D2AO9WJ7SJI	5.0	Perfect! It's a love!!	0	1	Absolutely love this tablet. I originally ordered the blue green, but exchanged it for the white. It was a Mother's day gift, and the actual color is quite different from the photo on line. I realize that is a possibility, but I just didn't think it was going to be so bright and neon"ish". For mom, the white is much more benign. I have the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 8.0 edition tablet and Note 3 phone and LOVE them. I am a huge Samsung fan, so I knew this would be a hit. It was. Mom is so happy. It is a little one, but for the simple tasks she will do on it such as Free Cell, Kindle reading, a movie now and then simply surfing the net and emails, this is perfect. I highly recommend this for anyone who just needs a simple tablet. Perfect, especially for the price!!
R1Q7FW500PNRXG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	kid love it
R1D6QC5448TIEY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great
R1PPVPXP1EN2CH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	exc product
RSNZZ1H79RH2C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	RECOMENDADO
RYXJ7DZ3HNHYH	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Works Great
R15KEX09LB0L7	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Love them ,
R26LFVD6W02KD8	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Nice tablet
R3EFAWOBA6GFY8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelent!!!
R3R9D9QD0DFRGK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it..:)
R297BSH2QDVJZF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	nice tablet
R28VLIUYMWROB1	3.0	Good tablet but not enough memory	10	17	I purchased this tablet on Friday and returned it on Sunday. It has 8 GB of memory and the pre-loaded apps take up half of that. You cannot store apps on the sd card only pictures and music or other files. Great looking tab however I got the Kindle Fire HDX from QVC saturday night and it came with a quad 4 processor. I got 32 Gb of memory, a protective case, stylus and earbuds for 289.00 This is one of the best 7'' tablets in its class as of today. Samsung is a good company however the memory on the 7'' was not enough for numerous apps. All in all it is an individual choice of what you want the tablet for. happy shopping. Amazon stepped up its game with the new KINDLE FIRE HDX.
R1M4JBDRJ2E1T2	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Just ok...
R1NA0ROXS8WX61	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it!
R3DLJYJE5DGV8S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente.
R2UIZHDL8QAIWO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Loved it!!
R3S42AC7ZFSFJH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent!
R2E3O6WYNX808Q	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellente
R28ZAHPEW91YQR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Muy Buena!
R1J2345UT5G5VP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it!
RV1GYE4BAJ1E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great gift
R1V3L308YQYXHU	4.0	TABLET	0	1	Tablet was a gift. I'm very happy with it overall but need more memory. So the "giftee" inserted the - much too flimsy - memory card. It didn't make proper connection and was destroyed pulling it out with tweesers. Haven't gotten a new card so we don't know whether the port is destroyed.
R2OJA04N6JAIG3	5.0	Gift for 13 yr.	0	1	Bought this for my 13 yr old daughter and it works great. She hasn't complained at all about any of it. I guess that is good :)
R1I2ULRT7OS2Q8	5.0	Nice tab	0	1	Good one. Touch pad /look n feel is good compare to Samsung tab 2. Only the charger color is black(not white) which I don't like.
R125CHYS3JB4MR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it
R2RAWZWRQ70WYS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	wonderful
RH3DUMNS90KH4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R1LNUZJHM4OY2D	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1LHMSHZWQMW51	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very good
R3FGXCVN98YH4S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R24R310U01EFFO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good
R1THDID1VGKKEJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great tab
R1Z5AKUUTBKR4C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R2KIWUJ91DUKBH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente
R26EHNVD4HA1NG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good
R3C2LFZX06F6BM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good
R35XCDYW250XVT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it
R3ACHTTG8U17K	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	excelente
RWUSFT0OSC856	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it
R1219ETL36AQEG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R171KPV2C6FQFQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R2XW3OEZ5YP6K0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tab
R1PJ0FY0XPNXHE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R228LOY2FYV7QB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good
RKO8BXMGMEW28	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente
R1YCVJZ1HK91KP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXCELLENT
R1SMD3CW1K8O0S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R1E4WG8X0UK2KI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	muy bueno
RGB3433044IE7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXCELENTE
R2P6HA7RVBNBTQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R2VXTM1IUWCF9N	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	i an love
R4X8N98T6LZUF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	it's mine
R24P8ME83TF8UP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R3BMBQQA5S9UA1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1CKOATFYWBITF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R2TXK9Z07BUI0R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R1XFLZEM9MKINH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXCELENTE
R2ZNRITA9OGB2B	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
RCM00ERE9B8C6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R34J5XNASLE7FX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	i love it
R1ZAV8FJX7MM3F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R6BTD43SRB4TY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R3C13XLLUAX5VY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R1WEJJ4DFDX4O7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great buy
R1QZNYDQ7RTYKL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente
RUFF8ND6E831T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it
R2PHCKW0AQI336	5.0	EXCELLENT	0	0	EXCELLENT
RY7PEMUB1M6BK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente
R2G7RBWEKF3XV0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
REY3XQGZ5OG33	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very Nice
R1TE50O390QNM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R3M6FGL6LZAFTX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R2GL7OAQ4L8M3A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	thanks!!!
R3KRZXHOG6I3MI	5.0	Excelente	0	0	Excelente
R39ABRHBRS2ZHZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Excellent transaction n product!!!
R1ONWY0JEUM558	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelent
RBSWH6JKRDU7L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelent
R25JBAL88XVBCH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it.
R11R39DT0B5EIS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Tremendo
R3GVF8VTA6YILO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome!
R2I6Z6C8WQNI6R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect,
RR5E6A3ONDOTD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelent
R1OIZOJHG98WJX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfecto
R3LUJQIHOI6VNW	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	excelent
R8U04SJ9KM2E0	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Excelent
R3VYNRZ9OTY44K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Ood buy.
R19L2XW3UNM4VL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect!
R27BCX0P3YH7OD	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Love it!
R3D9OEA0CIQROL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelent
R8DPRXNMKCE94	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Excelent
RKLME1J9I1EHC	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	all good
R2J6AQJCLBH5DF	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Excelent
RU45SUUEKYNK7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	exellent
R5B4J3LRW7RZX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelent
R10IYKIFHGCZ71	5.0	Love Samsung tablets!	0	1	This was a great upgrade for my son. I love the fact that it has a kids app on it so I don't have to worry about him using something he shouldn't and you can control what apps they can use. Plus I paid a little extra for 1 day shipping and got it in less than 24hrs!
R2IWOGXHO37YBR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome
R1ZT0Q5KF66JR4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	new toy
R22GMLLQJU1B9T	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	7 great
RBMMOLGW167KG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Like it
R2T0C5UFQI7N1H	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	perfect
R37IEH2QW9FV0I	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	LOVE IT
R1UQPRVZG5VDPK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
RENBRO4D02AIZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	LOVE IT
R259A3KRPDALCO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great!!
R34T031FIOS74X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	amazing
R35SMJ3W9FET8K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I LOVED
R20N5PPJJ3QFR6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Durable
R2PH5XXSJLYWN7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it
RJLNLQM170499	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it
R2845FLTJQSZK6	5.0	love it	0	0	Love it
R1I2425Q6MCSIW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	ALRIGHT
R3KMRSBIIGLK2N	5.0	samsung tab 3 lite	0	0	Love it
R1D5RVRNIX1I8Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect
RV1AE400O827H	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it
R2R7EMJOOPOOKV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	awesome
R33B4A8222ZXUR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love It
R23YEFIGY4SKBQ	4.0	Four Stars	1	2	Great tablet for the price.
R3VJGL47D5LE08	1.0	... tablet but had to return it because of the horrible glare on screen	0	1	Prefect size tablet but had to return it because of the horrible glare on screen. I purchased just the regular 7 inch tablet and it was much clearer. If you're thinking of purchasing this tablet....dont!! Spend a little extra for better quality.
RRZXFSMJNA345	5.0	excellente	0	1	The Samsung Galaxy Tab3 Lite is a budget Android tablet with a 7-inch 1024 x 600 pixel resolution, dual-core processor at 1.2GHz, 2 megapixel camera, and runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. It is easy to use operating system features easy access
R2AO2XVUQID2AE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thanks
R252LZR8LHN7R3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfec
R4T8N4Q63JMM8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great.
R21JYSHD96XHYC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great!
R15A85HP9KVZ6S	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Good!!
R3V7UQSPIDN8S9	5.0	sonya	0	1	I'm trying to figure out how long will it be before I get the Samsung Galaxy Tablet. Because it should have been here by now. So what's the hold up on my orders. Just let me know how long please thanks. Sonya
R2VQ6JKUK2IK9V	5.0	This tablet is great. the features that were on the samsung 7" ...	0	1	This tablet is great. the features that were on the samsung 7" are fine tuned in this tablet and the graphics are amazing. Just bought the wrong case as the LITE is a tad bigger and needs a larger case.
RMQARXJGW30UU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	feliz
R1V60GN5DPE9QS	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Great
R30W2H34W1P0U9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice!
R1JIEDMNUMGYV4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	GREAT
R3QHVGDSQVVZV3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good.
RHVAPM0KLWJ4T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice!
R1RU4DRN5JNUH9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great
R1KDD2VYQFKI3F	5.0	buena	0	0	buena
R1GOFU15HWITUR	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great
RTJ9ZGKFKM1NZ	1.0	... have front camera the picture quality is not that good. but it dose let you use netfix and ...	0	1	Dose not have front camera the picture quality is not that good. but it dose let you use netfix and youtube Facebook and isatgram wish I did more research instead of looking at the price
R1NAN86TP82UMY	2.0	No front camera....	1	2	No front camera....
RDG42KD2ZY5FN	5.0	Samsung galaxy 3 tablet	0	1	Samsung galaxy 3 It came on time pack very well Works wonderful I love it look Like what it show from the ordering Picture very nice for the price thanks
R2IIEZGAHR69F5	5.0	I liked this tablet because it offered so much more than ...	0	1	I liked this tablet because it offered so much more than the other tablet I purchased. My 6 year old plays with it everyday and loves the graphics it has on the games.
R1Q5YG0RO35O9I	1.0	Slow	0	0	Slow
R1QC67VP8HCY6E	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good
R2OEXEHJQNLE17	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice
R2MEWNDEBWZFF6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love
R12LWCGZ5VD3OC	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good
R3TRN02TFILSOP	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	good
RQG8TE2UY0VBT	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	good
R20RLCI7128I2V	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R2X9NSU4VIK265	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R26VPEH495TH5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	nice
R36YICAYD5CH4I	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R21L376TK6J26X	5.0	nice	0	0	Nice
RFB897751TMU3	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good
R1RNGD4DLR8CIK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R3MWUZQUVESR9D	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Like
R3AX20T7LZAE1Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R1BOUKL2SOJJSM	5.0	good	0	0	good
R3OUBYXUGEGMA7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	nice
R2DD7SICC597HB	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	nice
R17RVYOU3POLGE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
RSUYTS5YZKRXK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R28KYZQJ7KQ2GM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	nice
R2WYORGW81DNHP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R1C241HIV2EQ26	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R6CJYFZZPLHNH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	fine
R35B4JVOST18HH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R1R14AIVPJV074	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
RM3OJBWB0IOFI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R23421H5GEEUOR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	bien
R3I8I8D45X24LV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Best
R3HSB5JV1QA5H1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	GOOD
R2YE4DI4L4E0PK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R2UP7X8KLRZ06A	4.0	first of all i would like to tell amazon's delivery service is awesome	0	1	i am international buyer.first of all i would like to tell amazon's delivery service is awesome.i am using it from last month.this tab worked pretty well first month but now sometimes it stops and screen goes irresponse for some seconds.try to to go for at least tab 3 if you donot want to pay more.
R1KWTB100IBR2F	5.0	tab 3	0	1	i love it ! i got the refurbished one for 100 flat and it was said to come on the 15th but it came the next day havent had any problems yet
R2DZU8AUNP17MS	4.0	Nice tablet	6	11	The tablet has some nice pros going for it. It has a nice feel and it runs smoothly depending on what you do with yours. I use mine while waiting - I ride with people sometimes and read and I sit in the bed and want to lounge - and thought it worked really well for that. I do have to say that I was really surprised by how thick it was when I first got it, then even more surprised by how well it handled considering how thick the item is. There's a light-weight quality to it that allowed me to use it easily, tilting it this way and that while goofing off - I mean testing it. I suppose that's what Lite means. I want to also note that I'm tech-savvy enough to utilize an item, but I'm not going to quote specifications. There are other reviewers doing that and they seem really knowledgeable, so they're a better option for that. I tried the item out and tested it in the real world, using it at the doctor or during breaks or on the go, if that helps any. I played a lot of applications for trial and the tablet ran smoothly, not having some of the hiccups I've noticed in other items when it comes to smaller games. There were a few issues when it came to some of the larger games I've purchased, with the requirements making me pause as it lagged it certain spots. I could adjust settings and control the issues, but there was still so lag. Playback on videos online was nice and movies played great as well, never once having an issue. To me this was a big plus. I also read comics on my tablets, and while a 7 " screen is not the most optimal setup for it, the tablet does a great job with fill and with colors. That's always been an issue for me when using something like a Kindle - perhaps it has been fixed by now, but there was always a framing issue that bothered me. With this, no framing. You can always zoom on frames if so inclined to make up for a smaller screen, which I do with this one. I read a book on it while goofing off; the read went well as expected, which I didn't really doubt. Android readers have always done right by me. Online use is good, no problems noted, with everything from directions to the restaurant to looking up random trivial working out. Other reviewers have mentioned the price, and that is one issue the tablet has going against it. It will get cheaper as time goes on, so while it is an issue while writing this, it won't be for long. Another thing is the 8 GB internal memory, but with the ability to connect a mini-SD to almost every device these days, it wasn't too much for me to consider for myself but something I felt worth noting. I'm not a video-chatter so the lack of one camera does not bother me. I honestly have never liked a camera pointed at my face while using a device, but that's something you might want to look into if that is a selling/buying point.
R38PZUC02OCEG	4.0	We are really enjoying this tablet	0	1	We recently bought this one, works well, user friendly and I really like the design. I can't keep it away from my granddaughter!
R1FXYSQBHYGCIC	4.0	We are really enjoying this tablet	0	1	We recently bought this one, works well, user friendly and I really like the design. I can't keep it away from my granddaughter!
R1F4264I41CSLD	5.0	Absolutely love it. I use it for music and pictures ...	0	1	Absolutely love it. I use it for music and pictures and scheduling appointments and watching movies on YouTube. I love it!
R2UHRNJTEHS09P	1.0	I made a mistake, I though that this was ...	0	1	I made a mistake, I though that this was a cell phone , It was my fault , I 'm Very Sorry Thank You.. "stewart .c"
R38XIQIXVJHMZL	5.0	Great tablet for the money.	0	1	Great tablet for the price. You can't go wrong with a Samsung. Buy the warranty program with it. It can in handy for me.
R3BU7193ER57RL	3.0	It's a Samsung with that being said the only thing ...	0	1	It's a Samsung with that being said the only thing it needed is a front cam. Ilk be getting a tern inch for Christmas.
RA1PBBYDYLCD3	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Pos
RS0JDO7O12O7Q	1.0	Dont do it!!!!	3	6	This product does turn on once then will not turn on again. This company sends out defective product. When you try to get a replacement they will not respond.
R3JHHDPCESSL9G	1.0	I was disappointed because it did not have a front camera lense ...	0	1	I was disappointed because it did not have a front camera lense whitch i use a lot to make musical vidios.
RI3NP6H9KFA13	5.0	Awesome tablet	0	1	Great tablet for my 2 1/2 yr old! He loves watching the kids you tube to learn colors and how to count!!
R7OD338XOYRBR	1.0	One Star	0	1	The home button didnt work. The seller cant change the product. Have to do all the process with samsung.
R3DTYD7YUAFB75	1.0	please replace item	0	1	Worked good but then screen went lined would like to return it considering its not even two months old
RF8WY0UC7A4NG	5.0	So Happy!	0	1	I bought this for my dad and he freaking love it. It is of great quality, I am very pleased.
R2EP5FWSOVHBMO	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I liked my galaxy, bought this for my wife, she stills needs to set it up though.
RC5UITBT04B7O	5.0	Great.	0	1	Very well made, like the fact you can add extra, with thumb drive to Tablet.
RHCOW4RPDCTXG	4.0	She happy that makes me happy	0	1	I am very impress with my daughters tablet!!! She happy that makes me happy.
R84RSVD6TKV0K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	ok
RNIE7MUSBL0L4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	OK
R2JJCGNJJ8OVID	1.0	One Star	0	1	Camera quality is terrible not hdmi compatible and slower than the fire
R7CAX24WCWIT2	5.0	It work great for surfing and reading and more...	0	1	I love it..Belive me it is worth the purchase on this handy little jem.
R3MBQVLB4VTJRF	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Got for my dad for father's day and now he cant put it down .....
R1I6NSI3VX3VTL	5.0	and she is very happy with it	0	1	This was a gift for my niece, and she is very happy with it.
R3NQBAQ41FYQ07	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Love this tablet. Everything I expected and then some.
R2PU1LPPXHGIAD	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	It's small just the way I like it smooth too thanks
R35737JCTVOP0N	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	exito
RQ3U7ES0EAY7M	5.0	Fabulous!!	0	1	Bought it as a gift for a friend and he love it
R3NKTPEZL7X0YA	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	It met my expectations its was great almost new
R1CW738XXEGO4F	5.0	love it.	0	1	Can never go wrong with this tablet. love it.
R5TSA89ZKC2XZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Bought for my son and he says it is priceless.
R3HFM6QX1CB7W7	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I am very happy with this Tab. Great product.
RPIYPN9C7IC54	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	It is not what I expected, but it is OK
R3LFCVYZEKSG9S	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	We liked it so much, we bought 2 more.
RHCZ2MLOEYV3N	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Excellent product, 100% recommended..
RKGDL8VT7HLRK	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I LOVE it, it is what i was waiting.
R3SU14PKXQZVEB	5.0	Nice tablet	1	3	Delivery was fast. Works great. Looks brand new. Husband can play his games and listen to music. Perfect tablet for him.
R3B2GBBOSW50HR	5.0	Great tablet.	0	1	My boyfriend really likes this one.
R3KVQG0IHMBIKP	2.0	Two Stars	0	1	It's ok thought it would be better
R1DBF24R8HY65B	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Came on time....working just fine
RM1V5A1DUPJYE	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I'm really enjoying my Tablet !!
R2VEVKEOQ3UV60	5.0	He LOVED it	1	3	It was a graduation gift for my boyfriend and he loved it. His face lit up like a kid on Christmas morning.
R2CWJO1CQY9877	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	What can I say my son love it
R2Z742AMFRYYA	1.0	One Star	0	1	Not the same as in picture
R27Y9IMU0552P8	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great for playing games.
R2IJK27LH9MUQA	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Excellent fast shipping
R3C95MYWR7GOHT	5.0	Good item, fast shipped	0	1	Good item,fast shipped
R1DPJRO5BFS7L9	1.0	One Star	0	1	Totally disappointed.
R39HKMPI4YHLU0	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Works great thank you
R2YPUFTF5NG88B	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Works as good as new
R12Q7JC4KWKL94	3.0	Three Stars	0	1	It is a good product
R2S7HVD473KU0V	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	my daughter loves it
R1JLZZLILPCVVK	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Use it all the time
RSIPNPPK1OSQK	1.0	One Star	0	1	Llego defectuosa.
R3OMV1JUBH8RUR	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Works fine so far
R2XNHZ4G1MJJ5Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great, came early
R231BH0G46ECFU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	returned product
R3TBQR4852ONW0	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Excelent, thanks
R1D96BH8RXYGMD	5.0	Great Tablet	0	1	I love the size!
R16WU7HQ7BMUFH	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	My son loves it
R3G60EEKA3WVR2	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	nice shipping
RBFXEBH4LERIT	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Working good
R1S6XZS6GK88LB	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Works great
R1CL4EDPKX0RSM	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	VERY GOOD..
R3QIJ6NWDLV3S2	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	A Good
R121BEKHZAC5T2	3.0	Galaxy Tab 3 Lite	0	2	Very light and fast but wish it had better camera and a front one. Some friends even thinks its sexy.
R2H45HCAMNBLW2	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I loved it
R28OL91HZRKF7N	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	It's great
RRY71TS8OHLNH	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excellent
R22QHCY2TV4B14	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	VERY GOOD
R1K7O6N8W686GC	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excelente
R1XWR4VGXWFMFO	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Excellent
R3RT4VPLZA0YXW	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excelente
R2XXOXVVLQRPGG	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excellent
R2SMVCUM5AS84V	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	all right
R38XFHU74YSUH1	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Excelente
RJDIPAN86OE03	5.0	I love it	0	1	I love it
R101F19RI6X6W5	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	very good
RXBQTXAPT4VNO	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excelente
R48OB0840Z9XA	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	EXCELENTE
RCM9755FD262C	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excelente
R1IM33RCXFUTIU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Awesome.
R3BPM5AOMEMHOO	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	good buy
RM0MLLE333Z6W	5.0	Neat tablet	0	1	Love it!
R52KFCS8IG4XW	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excelent
R17MRFUQQ8J74T	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Love it
R3R51Q8R2HKV70	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	nice!
R1D18KEMO6ZVQH	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Great
R37XX2I0V98ZIR	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	great
RMZJTXVRT2M02	1.0	I'm pretty dumb at this stuff	0	2	The user book was next to new worthless, had polaird before, once iget use to it be with lots of help it will be ok, I hope! I'm pretty dumb at this stuff,
R38Q0YOC7BE4M6	2.0	supply misleading	0	2	product indicated the price of $ 149.99 including transportation, when carried out the charge card billed $ 179.00. so we consider a hoax
R1ZGRQ0BDYSLVK	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Good
R1P2UWGXRM11RY	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	GOOD
R3AGVLX7ONRGZZ	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Good
R2OPI8J16JROH4	3.0	Three Stars	0	1	Good
R2HYZ0F5WWQZEZ	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	good
R1L4GKR4OAUL8F	5.0	Tablets is the way to go no more waiting around for answers	0	2	This item is very simple to use when you can't get to your computer you can carry in your purse.
R1Y7NA956KNOYZ	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	ok
R2CQ0M5YQTDZ9O	3.0	Three Stars	0	2	Not very good use. When it is not standing firm upright.
R1OPA6RITVS4K1	5.0	does the job	2	6	good tablet does a good job it's my first , only wish it would charge faster but other wise no complains.
R1MDANFOEJ4PU5	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	excelente producto solo q no tiene dual camara
R15A4UA26AJPWW	1.0	i would really like to know how to get this password working on ...	1	4	i would really like to know how to get this password working on this tablet. i can be contacted at 187620990964
R22HKIARPC9UR5	2.0	samsung tab 3.	0	2	I want to if this tab 3 work over sea ?
R3NE1SEB8FAZY1	3.0	Three Stars	0	2	It didn't fit. have to send it back.
R1E8SO3UYZDKJ6	1.0	Eh...I will keep my privacy!	3	8	Not a fan of tablet technology due to the EXTREMELY invasive and prying EULAs and the terms to which you agree to just to play some games. Tablet worked well enough but I resold it to someone else due to the privacy invasion. I couldn't play angry birds without opening up my entire network to google and I also would have had to allow them to gps track me...for my kid to play any game. Google play is the only real option you have to download software...no thanks.
R1KM8L3A604ZZU	3.0	Three Stars	0	2	It works ok not to bad I guess
R3P4WMUHD7JE52	1.0	One Star	0	2	la tableta no parece original
R267CZNWQ81QZD	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Great tab for the money.
R66BO9UWRRMEI	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	If l liked. Thank you.
R28PKIGJFKEXS	5.0	MUY PRACTICO	0	2	MUY BUEN PRODUCTO.
RVTRSTN6QIZ71	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	excellent quality
R2KZ9GFOIRNLXG	4.0	4star	0	3	I gave a 4 star because there are a few littl quirky things that I am nt happy with or just don't know how to operate maybe.
R1ZGJZCLDAWXPA	5.0	Samsung tablet is awesome	0	3	I ordered a Dark Gray I received a white, this is the second order because the first one that came never powered on. it isn't what I ordered but it's working so im happy. The tablet speed is excellent, great tablet this is the second I've bought.
R3P1ZJATM9FFX6	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	VERY GOOD
R9WXV6RKVS57O	4.0	Four Stars	0	2	Love it!!
R2CQH0OI8TMKXR	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	excelente
R2542M8JS77FSE	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	excelente
R3FK74PTZKIY3E	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Exelente
R1SQUKSV87WJV3	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Love it!
R2R6X47WK3F9NM	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Excelent
R3AA581HM4AJV5	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Good...
RFBV91H9J9KLH	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Great!
RJC3NB0RNYH6C	2.0	I did made it and I got a product that I not too happy with.	0	3	Need to explain more about the product. Can not make an assumption. I did made it and I got a product that I not too happy with.
RE7D48QAEL9S0	5.0	excelente	1	4	excelente
R3TUCG31Z9UP2O	5.0	I love it	0	2	ok
RWKK3EXZVJGID	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	just the perfect phone as expected
R3SZ64IV9MSSJ2	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	good seller and excellent product
R1DX4ECIUVZQCJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Great shipping and it works great
RQF0PLZLMFRT2	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Great little tablet.
R2ABKV7MKYQF48	4.0	Four Stars	0	3	Why this price?
R18LC77K7A6FQH	1.0	Read Description.	0	3	Screw Samsung.
R22ACV4FB56OLJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Perfect-
R3SLHJ03P82LOG	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	excelent
RVA7F3IFH14KT	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Very god
R357IJEQECAXLI	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	nice
RO1X2I7SYA16W	1.0	I returned the item.	1	6	I returned the item. It was purchased as a better remote for my Sansung 65" smart TV but could not function as such.
R9L6PROW9N879	5.0	Great tablet.	0	4	Came faster than I expected. Works well.
RPM9JD9ISOP1O	5.0	Five Stars	0	4	IM HAPPY TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU
RJX2IWQ6AKE2Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	4	excellent
RGZLJAIA0S4F8	1.0	smh	0	5	I loves it but there was a problem when o relieved it had to return it back there was only camera on the back no front camera
R3FNOM4W0GCW9V	5.0	Five Stars	0	4	Great
R1N4L179326ZRD	5.0	Five Stars	0	4	Good
R1IQIK8JF0YUS	5.0	Five Stars	0	5	Excellent!!!
R1Y6FS6M5YIQBF	1.0	DISCOURAGING BIRTHDAY GIFT?	3	12	I chose 1star because you have to choose 1. I bought this item for my aunt's birthday, she turned 83 and she loved playing the games on mine whenever I visited her. It did not even work. She was so disappointed and so was I.
R1PSC8E04PO1CY	1.0	I would like to see my friends and they see me	2	10	I want a tablet with double camara to talk with my friends in the USA, I would like to see my friends and they see me. I don't want a tablet with a camara for taking photos. I don't know what to do with it.
R3MSPCZ2DJK2V	1.0	feeling tricked	1	8	once i received the tablet i noticed it wasn't the tab I ordered the one in the pic had a forward facing camera. this one does not. the outer box was the wrong one as well. thanks again
RURL9WA60ZTAL	5.0	Five Stars	0	5	EXCELLENT
R24QTDXWY9VHTQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	5	excelente
R3Q0DH4A8ACI01	5.0	Five Stars	0	5	Perfect!!
RN6JKKSDQQZGN	5.0	Five Stars	0	5	good
RA4XJXIOT4ZU7	5.0	Five Stars	0	6	thanks,
R2E7Z24GSLLRCH	3.0	but it did not have a phone in it and ...	0	7	but it did not have a phone in it and sent back for somebody else to get the use out of
R1OVXDC2I8FYI4	5.0	Ok thanks hon. The other day and age,	0	10	The first thing you need anything. The only way I could have a great day. I will not have a good idea. The only way I could have a great weekend, I have to go at the end, and the other hand I am Here to the extent of my life, but the most part. I will not have a good idea. The only way I could have a great weekend, I have to go at the end, and the other hand I am Here to the daycare tomorrow, but the most part. I will not have a good idea. The only way I could have a great weekend, I have to go at the daycare and I will be there for 4th, but the most important thing is that the best of luck to all of your own home, but the most part. I will not have a good idea to get a teacher. I will not have a good idea. The only way I could have a great weekend, and a. I will not be able to make sure your device. The
RQ9Y92AP2D33B	1.0	mal function tab 7 inch	1	16	quqlity no good not working good i didnot recmond to buy it samsung is good not that one i hate it
R3LEAMB2964S7K	1.0	I thought it was a phone but its a tab ...	0	25	I thought it was a phone but its a tab. I already have tab. So please cancel order for my tab. Karen Scott .
RB2R7U401TCDF	1.0	Utter crap	11	84	S*** utter crap waste of time where d front camera this is a down grade model of the 3 7.0
R3VQWIL0DOO4RV	5.0	dood	3	61	dood it very good its not a waste bro hey man yo man jus leave me alone y know bro
