R9KMBDBH99D03	5.0	more than i expected!	813	851	I expected a dumbed down tablet type system in a bulky hard case. What I got was a 7" android tablet in a soft slip on silicon type cover. The tablet isn't a "kids edition" type device. It is a fully functional WiFi tablet. It is up to the parent to put the kid apps on it. It has the Google play store like any Android phone or tablet. YouTube, internet explorer, user facing camera,email, and other basic tablet apps. The silicon case stays on the device very well and the buttons are easy to operate through the case. This device is great for anyone, not just a kid. For the price, you can't beat it. My 3 & 7 yr old will be fighting over it for a while. It does get bogged down when trying to do a lot if tasks at once but so does my Samsung tablet. This seems to be a quality item, just be prepared to spend some time adding the kid friendly apps yourself when the item arrives.
R2YXEAFV2HDULJ	5.0	Great tablet for kids!	339	362	I'm writing this review as an IT Professional who has a Samsung smartphone and who has an 8 year old with a Nexus 7 tablet. So I'll make some comparisons to those items during this review. Upon initial purchase with a price tag under $60.00 I didn't have high hopes of getting something that would be usable.... So far we've had the tablet for a few weeks and absolutely LOVE IT. Out of the box, it charged quickly and was easy to get used to using. I LOVE the silcone cover which makes the device easy to handle, less likely to drop and much less likely to break if it is dropped. My son's Nexus 7 has been replaced 3 times in 6 months due to the screen breaking (he has a cover on it but not a silcone one - it's a leather portfolio-type case). Thankfully I purchased the protection plan for the Nexus, so it's been replaced each time - but I've also had to pay more to buy the protection plans each time it's been replaced than I had to pay for this entire tablet! You can use the Play Store on this tablet, which I've found is unavailable on some other lower-end tablets, which is great. I've downloaded Facebook and some of the light games my son and I play (Bingo Blitz, Minecraft, etc.) without issue. Yeah, the tablet's a little slower than the Nexus but I've never had a problem playing these games. The only app I've tried to download thus far that isn't compatible is the ABC News app. However, seeing as this is marketed as a kids tablet.....not sure most kids would be put-off by this.... :) I'm sure there are some other incompatible apps but I've yet to find another that I generally use. The only true disappointment is the lack of a rear facing camera. Now, once again, I'm not expecting some high-quality photos from the device but my kids tried to take a picture of our dog the other day and it was a little cumbersome trying to do that with only a forward facing camera. I would DEFINITELY buy this again - as a matter of fact, I probably WILL buy another one so that I can use this at home instead of my MUCH smaller smart phone..... OH YEAH, speaking of which....this connects to my home Wifi BETTER than my Samsung smart phone - which was TOTALLY unexpected! For the money spent, I would highly recommend this tablet as what it is marketed as - a KIDS Tablet. I wish I'd seen this tablet before spending the money to purchase the Nexus 7. The other bonus this tablet offers that the Nexus doesn't is an microSD slot! Pros Inexpensive Break resistant silcone case Inexpensive easy to use Android OS instead of some off the wall OS Good wireless connection Inexpensive Charge via power cord OR universal USB charger - which we have at least 7 of - two of which are in the car Cons Slower than the Nexus and my smart phone not a multi-tasking device - it'll do it but VERY slowly No rear-facing camera low quality images from camera - but what do you really expect from a $60 tablet?
R34T0UIBXY0EB6	5.0	This is a great starter tablet for young kids. Very decent for the price!	316	343	This Android tablet includes a wall charger and a USB cable so you can charge in with a regular electrical outlet or by connecting it to any powered USB port. You could charge it with a USB wall charger, USB car charger or by connecting it to a USB port on your computer. You can continue to play on it while it's charging if you wish. It has a 4 hour battery life on this which is shorter than I am used to but I am not going to use it for more than 4 hours in one day so it really doesn't make much difference. The screen on the tablet is 7 inches measured diagonally and the tablet inside is standard. What makes this tablet kid friendly is the special thick silicone shell that encases this tablet. It covers the entire back and side of the tablet and around the edges of the front as well. It's about 1/4 of an inch thick so it can really protect the tablet from minor falls and bumps quite well. It should still be protected even if it's dropped on it's front because the silicone shell is so thick. The one exception would be if you were to drop it or hit it on something small or sharp that would only hit the screen. In this case the shell wouldn't be able to protect it. I think it provides very good protection from the average drop or bump. The screen on this tablet isn't as high quality as my iPad for example but this tablet costs ten times less than my iPad and the screen is just fine for the price of this tablet in my opinion. The screen resolution is 1024 x 600 which is lower resolution than I am used to. I still looks nice but I can certainly notice the difference. For the price it's not bad at all. You can do all the things with tablet as with any other Android tablet. There are tons of free games that you can download for free on the Amazon App Store. There are new free games daily so even if you don't want to purchase games you can still get many of them for free. Even some of the best games are totally free from time to time. A lot of times when the game first comes out they want to get people taking about it and rating / reviewing it so they offer it for free. You can surf the internet with the built-in browser or Google chrome if you wish. You can stream music with Apps like Pandora or stream movies or TV shows with services like Netflix or Hulu Plus. This tablet has built-in Wifi for anyone that is wondering. It also has a lot of goodies already installed like a calculator, clock, email, Skype, Google Play, sound recorder, voice search, news and so much more. It already has wallpapers installed so you can customize the look of your background. It even have active wallpaper that moves. This was a cool feature that my costly iPad doesn't even have. I cam easily download games on this tablet just as quickly as with my iPad. It can be slow sometimes but so can my iPad. This tablet seems to have limited amount of memory and sometimes it will freeze during installation or when a game is loading. It doesn't happen often enough to bother me much though. It has 4GB of built in memory for saving apps, music, video, emails and whatever else you need to store. I think for most kids this would be a sufficient amount of memory but you can expand it if you need to. I love how easy it is to expand the memory because all you have to do is insert a memory card. I wish I could expand the memory on my iPad that way. You can expand the memory on a iPad at all so that option is pretty cool to me. It also has a built-in camera for taking pictures and sending video on Skype or a comparable app. The picture and video isn't amazing but is pretty decent. Keep in mind that this is for younger kids so while most may take pictures I wouldn't think that most would be video chatting on Skype. Overall my feelings about this Android tablet are very positive. Is this a state of the art and top of the line tablet? No. If you want one of those then be prepared to pay about 16 times the cost of this tablet. This tablet is however a very low cost and very decent tablet for the price. This is a easy tablet for me to recommend for a parent that would like a tablet for their child but doesn't have a ton of money to spend. Sample provided for review.
R143W2UAMBPXHN	1.0	Just a honest review...	89	94	I'm going to take my time and write a honest review for anyone looking to purchase this tablet...... don't make the mistake I did! i'm a sucker for reading reviews and deciding if I'm going to purchase it based off of them... I did lots of research on inexpensive tablets that I could purchase for my 2.5 & 4 year olds for Christmas. I wasn't looking for anything too fancy as they're so young, and the quality/speed doesn't matter as much. The Orbo Jr. kept popping up. There were some good & some bad reviews but I decided to go along with it and purchase 2. I bought a blue one and a red one. The price was right, and unfortunately that went against me this time. I started by opening the blue one and turning it on. It took about 3 minutes to boot up (which is a long time with today's technology) It turned on and started with 68% battery life. The first thing I noticed was the screen quality just isn't there. It is very pixalated and when looking at the screen, it almost looks maginifed - makes me sort of feel cross eyed, or that my vision is going bad. I didn't know if this was just me, or if it was defective, or this is how it is supposed to be. I had my husband look at it, and he agreed that it looked goofy. When I opened the Red Orbo Jr, it looked the same way. I decided to continue to set it up since this would be for my kids, and they wouldn't be able to know the difference in quality. I connected to the WIFI and set up the date/time. All of a sudden, I got back to the main screen and the battery life was already down to 49%! It was literally 2 minutes later. I plugged the Orbo Jr into the charget that comes with (very cheap quality) and continued to set up the tablet. The charger started to smell like it was burning and I realized it wasn't working. It didn't charge the tablet. It works out that the charger was the same as the charger used with my phone {Samsung Galaxy Mega} so I just used that. When the tablet is plugged in, you can go to town downloading things and surfing without the battery draining. When the tablet isn't plugged in, you can literally watch the battery life countdown like a clock! I then opened the Red Orbo Jr, and began to set that one up. Unbelieveable --- this one dies faster than the blue one!!! It was like minutes and it was dead from a 80% charge. I just couldn't believe it. I did read other reviews that the thing would last a hour or just around a hour - no way! The battery would say at 80% charge that there was 8 hours of life left --- what a joke! Try 8 minutes. I didn't even go ahead and set up the red tablet because I then knew I would be returning the products. I can't get over how poor the visual quality was on these (like I said what do you really expect from a $60 tablet) and how fast the battery died. I would NOT recommend this item to anyone. I returned the items and decided to spend a little more money and purchase 2 "NeuTab N9 Pro 9" Quad Core Google Android 4.2 Jelly Bean Tablet 8GB" instead --- which I am VERY happy with my choice. Reading reviews & purchasing items based off of them is a learning experience - and in this case was a bad experience. I hope I can help someone else make the correct choice in not purchasing this item, unless you're ok with low quality. I am so glad Amazon is so good with returning items and really helping out the buyers in bad situations!
R3HLKY8RYCBCYX	5.0	Have to admit, I'm impressed!	168	184	I'm not sure, really, what I was expecting with this tablet. I figured, something minimal that little ones could play with, What it is - a full featured tablet that is worlds better than my FIRST tablet. PROS: It is quick and responsive, lightweight, good graphics, expandable storage (microSD slot), runs off of Android (not some off the wall, proprietary OS), the rubber bumper DOES come off, so an adult could easily get one of these for themselves. It will charge off of the USB port, so you don't need a special car adapter, and if you are transferring files from your 'main' computer, it is also charging the battery. It is about the size of a Kindle Fire (without the rubber bumper) - so the cases made for the Kindle should fit it. CONS: It can only do one thing at a time - if you are downloading applications, wait until one is completely finished downloading before attempting another download or you are doomed to frustration. WiFi only goes to 'g', not 'n', so you trade off a little speed there, but nothing noticeable The camera is elementary, and the pictures it takes reflect this. Would be fine for Skype, but don't expect good photos from it. Overall - yes, a good little tablet and worth the price - either for little ones OR an adult.
R2YVMZO4X928RS	1.0	No battery life	55	63	Horrible. Only holds a charge for 2-3 hours. And slowwwwww. I saw the other reviews on this but since I was giving to a 4 year old it didn't seem like a big deal. It is! the drag moving through apps is so frustrating. The battery is really ridiculous. You shouldn't have to charge a tablet 3 times a day.
RF5IWMJMSO1GH	5.0	Awesome price, great product!	27	29	My three year old son loves his tablet and I love it when he let's me use it!
R90BKVHK9AQOF	3.0	3 stars at best, still overall good for kid use	28	31	This is another review that I wanted to leave almost immediately due to some things that need to be brought to attention. I will leave an updated review if things change, but at most I will say that it is getting a 3 star review at most. We bought this for our daughter for Christmas. This is an item that "you get what you pay for" obviously. I am going to start with the main issue. The charger power supply. I have attached a picture of what happened when I plugged it in, it is a good thing I plugged it in instead of my daughter, because it immediately arced and tripped the 20A breaker feeding the outlet. The outlet is not the issue, I tested it after this happened and it still works fine, the outlet was fine before this too. It is obvious that the power supply was dead shorted internally from the manufacturer and incorrectly manufactured. I have never had this happen with any power supply like this before, it is obvious that the power supply manufacturer is pathetic and has no regard for quality or safety. I had already contacted Amazon about this issue and they were easy to work with and responded within a few hours to resolve this. Because of this issue though, it is now going to reach 3 stars at best with me. We've been able to charge it on one of our laptop USB ports, so not all is lost. On to the rest of it. Overall the tablet itself isn't bad, especially for the price. I have never really been impressed in my past experiences with Android anyway, the OS runs ok so far though, but in my past experience with Android, let time tell, after installing some of the updates it found some of the annoying errors with downloading went away. The battery life isn't very impressive, and it seems like it takes a long time to charge, but she is sitting in the chair next to me and has been fiddling around with it for over an hour and there is still over 60% battery remaining. It is also somewhat annoying that I had to remove the rubber case to be able to reliably plug in the USB/charger cable. The screen isn't the most Hi-Res screen in the world either, but it is an el cheapo kids edition tablet, I'm not expecting 1080p and a superior CPU in it. Overall, it really isn't horrible in spite of the negatives I mentioned from what I've seen so far, we don't regret the purchase so far, but the power supply issue is really unacceptable and I would recommend using caution when using the one included. It is still overall good for kid usage.
R2DPQTLJSRPHFC	2.0	Battery SUCKS on both tablets I bought!	21	24	I bought 2 of these tablets in July 2014 as a Santa gift for my children. So you could probably imagine I didn't open them to test them out. When we did finally open them on Christmas the kids loved them. They are very children friendly and easy to use. My biggest complaint is the charging and battery issues. It seems to take FOREVER for these to charge. One of them has a completely different charger than the other? I've attached photos so you could see the difference in chargers. So the pink tablet that has the DC 5V charging port as well as the USB charging port has an issue with the USB charging port not charging. I'm not sure at this point if it is a charging port or if it is used to connect to the PC? When I plug the USB charger into the pink tablet, it "wakes up" as most devices would, and in the settings menu says its charging, but doesn't show the charging lightning bolt icon like it does when I plug in the DC 5V charger. Also in one pic you can see it had only been used for 36 minutes and the battery was already down to 53%. there is no way this thing will last 4 hours. Maybe it would last an hour or so. In all honesty I only allow my children to use them for about an hour a day any way, but that's not the point. I'm pretty knowledgeable about android devices and have added a battery saver to try and combat this problem. We shall see how that works. So both take at least 6 hours to fully charge for a battery that lasts an average of 4 hours?? Great tablets for children, but horrible battery life and even worse charging time! I would add that these chargers can be slow and laggy at times, but if you shut down some of the apps you aren't using, you'll get some speed back.
R5MKKFGBIDOK	2.0	Two tablets are different!	14	15	I bought a pink one and my mom bought a green one. I notice there are different android system!!! Green one is very poor quality of background compare to pink one. Indeed, on the "about tablet" menu, green one doesn't have "update software"! These two tablet don't have same layout of menu, screen quality etc. everything is different! Almost the green one looks like a fake one! When the package came, green one didn't come with protective plastic cover and screen protect sticker on the tablet as pink one did. Pink one is o.k.ish but green one is terrible! Speed to download apps is too slow compare to pink one too! I am so disappointed! I am going to return it!
R2W7LODKITH91H	5.0	Great Tablet For The Price	67	86	For the price of this tablet, it is a great deal. The body is made of plastic, just like many tablets on the market. This keeps the device strong and light at the same time. Due to the small form factor it is great for little hands. Also, there is a silicone sleeve that serves as a bumper, to protect the tablet if dropped. From an adult standpoint, the device works great. You get the stock Android, which is easier to learn. I played with it, and was able to carry out the same task as I would on my "Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1". From my sons point of view, who has a "Nabi Jr.", and he loved it. I set it down and left the room, what a big mistake. I returned and it was glued to his little hands all night. This is not to say this tablet is the same as the Nabi Jr., but for the price it can't be beat considering it is one third the price. Also, there are multiple android apps that can be downloaded to give more of a Nabi like experience, if that is what you are trying to mimic.
R1ROE7TUW49AZD	4.0	a full blown tablet	20	24	I bought 2. My kids love them. They are a bit slow, and you have to charge it for 6 hours minimum the first charge. There are no parental settings. I had to download an app for that. The protective case is great and I (and my kids) have no problems pushing the buttons. My kids I purchased for are 5 years and 1.5 years. Both like it. The plugs are a little difficult to push into the tablet and I was afraid I would break it but once I got it in the receptical I was more confident the next time. There is a headphone jack that is helpful when I need quiet time. The screen is sensitive a good amount, not difficult to use.
R1ZQW05AR1IVOZ	1.0	It just stopped working the second day i got it ...	25	31	It just stopped working the second day i got it ....waiting on getting in contact with the sender for an exchange
R256S82VBEVKFO	1.0	DON'T BUY IT!!!	18	22	I initially thought I had received a decent product, but after very limited use the battery would only hold a charge for roughly 20 minutes after being on the charger for 8 hours. When I contacted the seller they told me to take it up with Amazon, and what a coincidence, it just happen to be outside of the return window. The only good thing I can say is that it arrived on time. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!
RAE7MMVKG8UBC	1.0	Deceptive, Not what it appears, possibly used refurbished? Avoid!!	56	74	I purchased this tablet for my daughter for a trip to keep her entertained in the car. Upon receiving the unit and opening the package, I was shocked to see a box for a black tablet of a different model, that also appeared to have been opened already. And finally, this tablet would never fit in the box that it was shipped in as the gel pad occupied way too much space for the little box. I brushed this off as a possible packaging glitch from the seller. Strike one. While going through the contents it has all of the run of the mill accessories, a charger, a usb cable. Nothing fancy for accessories, but then what do you expect for a sub $60 tablet. Powered the unit on. Verified the system specs and low and behold this supposedly 4 GB unit has only a measly 1 GB of Flash. Strike 2. Before buying this tablet I did a little research from other websites such as this one. [...] The website above claims these specs. The Orbo Jr. 7" Android 4.1 Multi Touch Tablet 4GB w/ Gel Case Features: Widescreen Display - 7 inch TFT capacitive multi-touch screen displays colorful, clear, and stunning images. Massive Storage Space - Built-in 4GB hard drive capacity for storing photos, music, and other files, plus 512MB internal memory. Supports external T-FLASH memory cards for expandable removable storage. Includes Pre-loaded Apps - Some of your favorite apps like Skype, Netflix, Youtube, Google Chrome, plus plenty of games to choose from! The Orbo is an ideal tablet for both children and parents. Stereo Speaker - Crisp and clear sound while watching videos on YouTube, or listening to your favorite jams on Pandora. Connect your 3.5mm headphones to the audio jack for more privacy. A built-in microphone is also included. Dual Camera - Front-facing 1.3MP camera is ideal for Skype, Tango, web chats, etc., plus a 2.0MP rear camera for capturing life's unforgettable moments! Protective Case - The included durable gel case provides full protection from accidental drops and bumps. Rest assured, the Orbo tablet will remain intact while your child carries it around, either in the house or outdoors. Color Options - Pink, Light Blue, Red Strike 3. Where is the 2.0MP rear camera. While I understand this a cheap Chinese bargain tablet, I am more disgusted that the actual product received is not what I paid for. This is unethical to say the least. The seller should be banned from Amazon.
R1DYWA1828TWZX	1.0	Disappointed!	14	17	very disappointed! i had bought this for my daughter and after i had charged it for the recommended amount of time..i went to take it off the charger and the screen was flashing white and was also making a high pitch sound..and now it wont even turn on...like i said very disappointed, wouldn't even give it one star (but it makes u do a star rating) and i defiantly don't recommend buying this product.
R6EVEAS3RNXJ5	3.0	Know what you are buying: a basic tablet and problematic case.	157	214	To begin, I would like to echo other reviewers' observations. This is not a kid-tablet. It is a normal 7 inch low-end tablet slipped into a rubber case. Specifically, it is the Chromo Inc. 7 inch table that you can find also on amazon here: http://www.amazon.com/Chromo-Inc%C2%AE-Android-Capacitive-Multi-Touch/dp/B009W49ALA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1405528129&sr=8-1&keywords=chromo#productDetails Even the model numbers match up. We ordered a Pink Orbo and a Blue Orbo. We received a Pink Chromo (model 2543A) in pink case and a White Chromo (model 2419A) in a blue case. So I guess the real question is whether you want to pay an extra $9 for the rubber case? The case does seem to add a level of drop protection, but it also makes the tablet more difficult to use. While the rubber (or maybe silicone) case has apertures for many of the tablets features, it does not for all of them. I had to cut a notch into the top right corner to provide access to the headphone jack. Also the case makes it difficult for little hands to use the power button and the volume rockers. Probably my next step will be to butcher the case further to allow access to those controls. I find myself regularly removing the tablet from the case frequently, as do my children. So unless you plan on doing significant case modifications, and are in a situation where kids are likely to drop the tablet onto hard surfaces, I really have to question the utility of a case that ups the cost by 20%. All that said the tablets were very useful for us on last week's road-trip. The onboard memory will support games and a movie or two. The specs here indicate the memory is expandable by microSD cards. When I opened the packages the tables are marked TFflash. They are acutally the same thing and you can use your microSD card to expand memory. My single biggest beef with these tablets is the recharge issue. Off a full charge, you'll get maybe 3 hours of tablet life. That's fine. But when I went to charge them via the miniUSB port, they don't work. Tablets ship with a AC to DC (5v) charger that fits into a tiny port on top of the tablet. That's fine for overnight charging at home. But not every car has AC outlets. Fortunately we have a 12v adapter that plugs into our cigarette outlet into which we could plug the chargers. However, the chargers are cheap. If your kids are using the tablets while they are plugged into the charger, there is a good chance they will bend the charge plug. Also, when I first looked at the tablet page here on Amazon, I thought it had specified a rear-facing camera. This is not the case and only a front (user facing) camera is included. The hardware is a little finicky. I've not experienced the quick battery depletion, or random shutdown that other users have experienced. However, sometimes the tablets do not want to turn on, and may require a couple restarts. And though the two models should have the same OS (Android 4.2) they act just a little differently. Screens are of comparable color saturation and brightness. The screens do have a limited optimum viewing angle, and a slight tilt the wrong direction makes it hard to see. So two siblings trying to look at the same screen while one is holding it may impact the quality of experience. Knowing what I know now, I would not bother buying this tablet under the Orbo Jr. name. I'd just buy the Chromo version and save the $9..
R3ROPPHZC2ZY26	1.0	A sad, disappointing regret	21	27	This tablet is literally a piece of crap. The only game that it had downloaded on it already was angry birds. This was going to be for my 2 yr old but it's so slow and it freezes and stops responding so much that she doesn't want anything to do with it. I feel so bad that I got her such a crappy tablet that I purchased her games on my iPod and let her use that. I should have just spent $20 more and got her a tablet that actually works. It's also sad, too, because it was brand new when I got it. It charged only once and now it won't charge at all. I've only had this tablet for one day. Such a disappointment.
R3CGQWIJFKJ0SH	5.0	Best Budget Tablet For Kids!	23	30	If you liked the video please go check out my Youtube Channel AppsOnFire. Thanks! Design/Build- The design of the orbo jr. is actually not that bad. It has the usual plastic as the body and does feel pretty durable though. The product also comes with a jelly case that should protect the tablet very well because it is a pretty hefty case. Kids would be able to throw it around and the tablet should be fine and that is a nice plus. The tablet was built to be in landscape mode and is not meant to be in portrait. Which should be fine because kids usually hold it in this orientation. So the design and build quality is everything that you expect and is very suited for people of the younger age. Performance- So the performance really makes or breaks a tablet like this because kids like to play lots of casual games like angry bird or temple run and also educational apps. This tablet had no problems running any of those. I experienced little to no lag when playing all the games that kids usually would play and that is great. The processor and the 512mb of RAM is just good enough to handle all the kid's gaming needs. Kid's also like to watch a lot of videos, so I tried out youtube and netflix and they both ran fine. So the performance is just about good enough to handle anything your kid will throw at it as long as they don't play really high-end games. Display- The display of the tablet can be improved on because the viewing angles aren't that great and the colors get washed out unless you are looking straight at the tablet. The full resolution isn't mentioned so I can't provide that for you. But the display is good enough and I'm sure kids won't complain about it. Final Thoughts- So for my final thoughts on the tablet is that this is probably the best budget tablet for kids because of the price. It is only $60 and it is well worth the price and it is probably the one of the better tablets at this price range. So I do recommend this to parents who are looking to get their kid a tablet but don't want to spend hundreds on one. So all parents out there I suggest you check out this tablet and see if your kid enjoys it because I'm sure they will.
R7ZSNOUKRLFYP	1.0	Absolutely Horrible	7	8	I received this for Christmas for my two year old son. He was so excited to have his own tablet (we have phones and tablets that he uses but he has a nasty habit of dropping them). When we took it out of the box, we loved the rubber case that came with it and he loved the blue color. We charged it fully, however, when we turned it on the screen was so hard to see my husband made the comment that it reminded him of a hologram. You had to look at it dead on to be able to read the icons. Setting up the tablet was a not so funny joke. We went through the standard steps to set up an account to be able to download apps, and on the second step (creating a Google account) the tablet crashed. We tried it about 5 more times before I broke down and put in my own information (two year old was losing patience). I then download his favorite apps and gave him his Christmas present. I will say that he loved being able to open all his own apps and do his own thing. Two hours later, the battery was dead. I understand that apps suck battery power like crazy, but two hours is ridiculous. We were so disappointed that we had to ask grandparents to return it and get their money back. Do not purchase this item and waste your money. We will be buying the kindle fire kids edition for his birthday.
R3SPCF7766896B	1.0	SEVERAL BUYER UPDATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (CHANGED FROM 5 TO 1 STAR)	4	4	11/9/2015 - GO WITH ANOTHER TABLET. We liked it at first because it offered a lot... then as time went on we realized that it wouldn't take our memory cards for extra space. Once you upload 3-5 apps, it's full and you cannot upload anymore. So there's barely any space on thing! Which is very annoying when my 5 (almost 6) year old wants to play all the education apps I have for him. Endless Readers/Numbers/Words/Alphabet takes up A LOT of space but is perfect for that size tablet. It's lame to have to uninstall EVERY SINGLE TIME to get space to play a few of these. There also is ZERO CUSTOMER NUMBER/INFO ANYWHERE. Not on the box, not online, nowhere. I've had questions since I bought it and no way to get the answers. Very disappointed I spent ANY money on this. I got it for a "Black Friday"/Amazon Lightning Deal and I thought I was seriously saving on this. Nope. It's always around $50 because of the quality. I was so hoping this would work out. The design and sign is perfect! It has stuck from day one on the screens rotation and a few other features weren't working properly but all those could have been overlooked if it just took the memory card for extra storage. 6/18/2015 - Still cannot find a way to contact company. Tablet is now freezing on occasion and says it's "too hot" when it's barely being used! When it works, it's awesome. But I am still have a major issue with apps and storage. I am not able to add all the things i want on here. Buying a new memory card soon to test it out, but so far, it won't recognize the external storage. 5/7/2015 - I can't seem to find ANY 1800 numbers! I am having a major issue with the memory. The tablet itself doesn't have barely any memory for more than a few games. So I got an external memory card to put it. It refuses to recognize it and it's brand new. Otherwise I would basically have 32G for my son to use. Which is obviously way more space! Otherwise this is a good tablet. We use a kids app, so his apps are on there. He cannot purchase in-app things and he's safe from browsing anything I am not sure of. I got this on a Lightning Deal around Black Friday. We've only had it a few days but it's a huge hit with my 4 1/2 year old! It seems to be a really great starter tablet for younger kids. After a few hours of use, depending on the apps used, the battery will be dead. But he doesn't need to be on it for hours, so it works for us. We also purchased the Evecase Ultra Portable Handle Carrying Case to store it in. It fights the tablet and charger great. I know people have concern about this tablet not having a Kid Mode. I had one on my Andriod (through Google Play) and just uploaded that to the tablet. I put all the apps in there and he just uses it in that mode. It works beautifully! He doesn't have access to changing any apps, in-app purchases or the internet! We use Kids Place - Parental Control. It's password protected and has a lot of options in settings. Overall, so far a really great starter tablet for younger kids. I'll update in a few months. Hopefully I'll still be satisfied with my purchase still.
R2T8WQ2J8YPBSQ	5.0	A road-trip necessity	23	30	I received this tablet and upon opening it looked very professional. The case is very durable allowing me to feel like I could just whip at a wall no problem. It ran Facebook and YouTube no problem. I have it to my sister and she absolutely loved it. It goes everywhere with her now especially on the long car rides she would get bored on. If you have a kid 10 or below they would love it and safe for them to lug around without the worry of breaking it.
R1T95XL6U3V5DB	2.0	parental guidance	11	13	I am trying to find out if it had parental guidance on this machine. Orbo
R3KNJ2LQ8AIG3	4.0	my daughter loves it. good low end tablet for kids	4	4	Bought it for my daughter's birthday. She is four years old and has been using my nexus 7 to watch her shows and play games. She has only had it a couple of days but it appears to be worth it for the price. I feel comfortable letting her sit by herself instead of hovering over her to make sure she doesn't drop it. I still have to monitor her depending on what app she's using but still she has a lot more freedom to use the tablet the way she wants. I did have to log out of my email and I have to put google play password protection on but I was doing that in my tablet anyway. Update: it's been a year and she still uses this tablet and loves it. She can watch her videos on hulu or Netflix or put on one of her games that I frequently change to target what skills I want her to improve. It's not a great tablet it's not high end, the viewing angles are not the best and it doesn't have a lot of memory space but for a 5yr old it's perfect.
RTQK2JD2TILTI	3.0	Eh it's okay	4	4	It's an okay tablet for a young child (3 years old) my daughter loves it but the battery life is terrible! I completely charged it had it off of the charger for three hours not being used turned it on for my daughter and it was almost dead. The cord is also super short so you'll want a longer one. Seems to be fast enough for my daughter doesn't lag very much (but then again we only have a few downloaded apps on it) the blue case it comes with was all tattered and frayed like it wasn't cut properly and the charger will NOT fit into the tablet if the case is on it. if you're looking for a tablet that has a long battery life this is not the one you want if you're looking for just a play around tablet for a small child then this is it other than that save your money for something better
RQDKBXBEIHVMY	2.0	Two Stars	5	5	Had to return the battery lasted about 30 minutes, no battery life and took 12 hours to charge.
R1JGKJ1DNSYE2C	1.0	16 hours of charge for 1 hour of battery life!	11	14	With 25% of 1-star reviews at time of purchase, I should have know better. But what can I say? I'm the forever hopeful kind... On day 2 though, I had to give up all hopes.This is why: - Tablet takes over 16 hours to charge - You get only an hour of battery life on a full charge - Tablet freezes whenever it feels like it - Saved videos disappear from the video folder upon exiting - Screen is quite "insensitive" - Screen doesn't lock (your little ones WILL press the buttons when holding it to play, guaranteed) - Cords are ridiculously short, so you can't use it plugged in unless you're sitting 6 inches away from the outlet - Instructions are written for Lilliputians (but you won't need it since tablet doesn't charge and has no battery life) So if you're one of the few lucky ones, you might actually like this tablet. But my advice is to spend some extra money on a real tablet and a protective case. At the date of this review, the Acer Iconia is $130 and has under 10% of bad reviews. That's a good sign I should have paid more attention to before.
R3E5WLC39P1DZJ	5.0	Pretty Great	4	4	Pretty awesome little tablet. Love that it comes with a case. Since the rubber on the case is pretty thick, charging can be a hassle. But just removing that corner of the case makes charging much easier and personally, I prefer a case that is too thick rather than not thick enough! My little guy loves this tablet!
R1RCRKSNGZY982	2.0	2.5 stars at best	3	3	The people posting five star reviews after owning this for a week should be ashamed. This is a 2-3 star product at best. Advertised at 199 and then an absurd percentage "off" is misleading. It is a $60 tablet selling for $55-60. I got a lightning deal last thanksgiving and at $47 i wish i had returned it. But i kept running into issues with the cord not plugging in all the way so it wouldnt charge and it has sat forgotten for multiple stretches of weeks. Finally figured out you need to peel the cover back to get a good connection, which means the cover should have had a slightly bigger hole. It takes about 6-8 hours to charge and lasts about 2-3 hours, way less if you have wifi on. So if downloading something, plug it in first. And dont download two things at once, or try and play and download at the same time. It says dual core but my guess is it is sporting some old processor and a cheap battery. If you have the patience for downloading slowly and one at a time, and want to limit tablet time to a few hours, and need an inexpensive tablet with a very sturdy rubber case, this is not a bad deal. So it gets 2-3 stars. But anyone giving it more than that is stretching the truth. Or have kids breaking their $100-200 tablets... A perfect example, charged overnight, son played it this morning while trying to update two apps and download two games, so with wireless on battery was at 9%. After having to redownload one and find the other after a frustrating search to figure out where it downloaded to but didnt install. Charging for an hour now, its at 17% and that is with wireless off...
R1O9OANUPPTLI2	1.0	This tablet is very poor quality. The silicone case that it had was ...	3	3	I received this tablet at a discount for my honest review. This tablet is very poor quality. The silicone case that it had was okay, but the areas cut out still had small pieces of silicone hanging around the edges. Not very good quality. The tablet itself... Extremely slow, buggy. It was very hard to navigate because it couldn't even handle the open apps. Netflix could barely open, and the tablet was not good enough for me to update the app. I installed Facebook and it kept freezing. You couldn't scroll down the news feed without it bogging down, freezing up. I installed a few games and you could barely play them either. Very low quality. I wouldn't let my kids play with it because it would constantly freeze on them. I was disappointed in this tablet. I read many reviews and they compared them to a Samsung tab or phone. This is no where near one, not even comparible. I own a samsung tablet a Note 4, and previously the Note 2. My 5 year old Motorola Xoom tablet runs circles around this. I was hoping to use this as a starter tablet for my son. I will be purchasing something different instead.
R210W60G4G5KY5	3.0	I was a little disappointed with the battery life on this product	11	14	I was a little disappointed with the battery life on this product, I charged for the full 8hrs prior to setting it up and it was dying before I had finished downloading games and setting it up. Also I assumed that since it was a tablet designed for kids it would be more kid friendly than it actually is.
R2IUZS74HX6KMP	4.0	4 stars due to battery issues	12	16	I got this for my 18 month old daughter because she likes to play educational games on daddy's ipad. She was so excited to get her own "ipad". I got this one for the price and the fact that you can download real apps, because she already had her favorite games. The battery does die very quickly but due to her age, she doesn't get to play for a long time anyway. I charge it and then sit her down to play when I need her to sit still or to keep her from crying, such as in the van, or when I comb her hair, or when I prep dinner, so she plays for 15-30 minutes at a time. If we get in the van I give it to her to keep her from crying (she hates the car seat) and then when we get to our destination she puts it away. If we are out for 2-3 hours or so by the time we get back in its already dead. I haven't tried totally shutting it down before leaving it. I will try that next time. Another issue I had is the OS acting a little but buggy. The android will pop up and have a symbol indicating an error and I have to shut it off and back on again. Nonetheless, I feel it was a great deal for what we got. It is cheap enough that I won't be upset if she breaks it. My boys want one too but for them I might get something better quality since they are much older.
R29K89EAYZDRN7	3.0	Could be a lot better, even for the low price.	4	4	It works ok for my 3 year old but it has a very low quality screen and a very slow processor.
R3QOH3FNXL5GW7	4.0	not too bad	3	3	This tablet was purchased for my 6 year old son. I wanted to start him out with something a little less expense for his first big kid tablet. I love it !! It works as well as any Android tablet . I've even considered buying myself one. This is not a kids tablet though it is just a regular tablet that has a thicker hardened jelly frame around it for small hands to hold on to. Overall for the price this is a great deal.
R1E9VO0FE5VAEI	1.0	We have two broken Chromo tablets	3	3	It is a tablet made by Chromo. The case looks the same as the one we had. The advertising says it is designed for little hands and the durable case holds up against drops and spills. The durability of this unit for little hands is not the case. The power supply had to be replaced on ours because the little hands split the connector and cracked the screen from drops.
R84FGI9R6EDB2	1.0	Absolutely worthless. Do not buy!	3	3	Do not purchase this tablet. First one didn't last a month & melted then the replacement one didn't last a month & won't even turn on. Don't waste your money. Seller won't refund & only wants to send a replacement. Spend your money on something that is not complete junk! Will never buy from this third party again. If you have one contact them for a replacement.
R1CK3VQQMNP4AV	1.0	BEWARE YOUR GONNA REGRET BUYING THIS!!	5	6	I am completely disappointed with this tablet. Biggest piece of junk i've ever purchased, everything about this tablet is just cheap they way it looks, the lighting is so terrible you cant even see the screen and it wont even connect to the internet so its completely useless, unless you want to use the camera which takes horrible pictures! Every penny I spent on this pos went down the drain. Thanks for ruining my daughters present for her all I bought was disappointment purchasing this tablet. DO NOT BUY !!! Doesnt even deserve 1 star!!
R173UZL09LTPRW	1.0	Bad Tablet, Bad Case	2	2	I bought 3 of these for my first grade classroom, mostly because the looked durable and child-friendly, and the price was ok. The tablets are simply terrible. My students frequently have issues with using apps. When they close out of an app, it visually goes away, but the music and noise does not shut off. I have to either turn the entire tablet off and on again or go into settings and fiddle around for a while until I figure out how to end the app. My students are constantly coming and interrupting my small groups because they are unable to switch between apps. The rubber case around it is really thick, which I thought would be a good thing for small hands, but the holes for the headphones are so narrow that unless you have a very thin headphone plug, you can't actually plug in headphones. If you have a thin enough one, like for most earbuds you can plug it in if you push hard enough to squeeze through the thick rubber. Most of my students are not strong/coordinated enough for this. However one of my first-graders, after having observed me successfully 'push hard' to get one on, decided to try herself with headphones that had a wider plastic bit, and now I have a snapped off headphone piece inside my headphone jack. (My students plug headphones in successfully to the computers in the computer lab and in the classroom and have never in 9 years of teaching had a problem, so I know it is due to the poorly-made case, and not because my students are unable to handle headphones properly.) One of the three tablets I bought came with a charger that had a loose connection, and would not actually charge the tablet half the time. It took weeks of trying to figure out 'who wasn't plugging in the tablets' before I realized it was actually the charger, not the students. I bought a new one for $6, so that was an easy fix. However one of the other cases had a problem where the hole through the rubber was not big enough to accommodate the charger that came with it. I have since hacked larger holes into all of the cases with an exacto knife. So now my cases are ugly but functional. This has been more of a headache than anything else in the classroom though. A very, very expensive mistake.
REW7UV9JVM2UU	4.0	Really good starter tablet - for kids OR adults!	2	2	Great tablet for the price and the rubber case it comes with works great – no problem working the buttons “underneath”. I have a Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 and I expected it to be WAY worse than that because of the difference in price. I was definitely mistaken. Other than just a few drawbacks, I felt it worked really well for a kid (as intended) or for an adult as well. Sharp looking tablet underneath that rubber case!  Pros- Clear picture (but also see cons below) and found it enjoyable to watch a Netflix movie on Can add extra external space up to 32gb Ran all the apps I tried (sans 1 – see cons below) perfectly fine. Great for playing music, good sound Rubber case really works (yes we dropped it) and even using it as an adult didn’t find it so obtrusive that I minded using it with it on Cons- Needs more internal space. Could use a longer battery life – almost need to use it always plugged in. Picture is AMAZING, but only if you hold it in a certain position. Screen clarity greatly affected by slight movements. My kids are addicted to Minecraft, which is a really resource intensive game. This tablet was not up to the task of running MInecraft sadly. So laggy it was almost unplayable. However absolutely every other kids app we tried seemed to work fine.
R192AMK1GBCV6X	1.0	It was perfectly fine before the charge	5	6	Had this thing for less than a month, when all of a sudden, after charging, it wouldn't turn on. It just say at the "ORBO" loading screen. After about twenty minutes, it did turn on however. Only the device had undergone a factory reset. The only thing that wasn't deleted were the files on the micro SD. It was perfectly fine before the charge. Now, nothing.
R2KRMB28FTROZL	1.0	Not recommened for a young child, Poor battery life, protective case is not adequate...2 days and screen cracked.	2	2	In the process of requesting to return item. This was purchased for my 22 month old, who loves to listen to The Wheels on the bus video's etc. He has navigated our IPAD mini with ease since the age of 18 months, and we thought this would be great for him, and would free up our IPAD. Being that he was so little, I was glad to see that there was a "protective" case already included on this tablet, as he has both dropped and thrown our IPAD in the past, in which there was absolutely no damage done at all. However, upon setting this tablet up, I was disappointed in the protective case, it is a flimsy silicone that can be removed, and there is no screen protection at all. In my opinion it does not provide adequate protection for a "toddler JR tablet". After just 2 days, the screen is cracked, and I am not sure how it happened exactly, as he was using it sitting down on the sofa at the time, and no one heard him drop or throw it. I was considering returning the item due to very poor battery life, as it would die after just 2 hours of use, however now I am even more disappointed in the weakness of the product. I would strongly advise looking into another item if this is for a small child. I'm waiting to hear back from the seller..
RKD4939BY3TZW	4.0	Nice for kids!	2	2	First of all, I want to tell you that I was given this as a sample for my honest and unbiased opinion. I accepted this as a review item because I have a 5 year old son that tries to monopolize my iPad and I wanted something else for him to use. I loved that it came with a darling child friendly bumper case. I was able to charge this in about 6 hours. The table came pre loaded with several children's apps which was a nice perk. The size is perfect for small hands too and it is very light weight. My boy really likes this tablet, however I will say he gets frustrated as there is only a rear facing camera, he has been spoiled with options from all of our other devices. It does connect to wifi and you can use this tablet to surf the web easily. I have been able to down load apps to it with no problems at all. We are pleased with this tablet and would recommend it based on the price and how user friendly it is. It came packaged very nicely and could easily be given as a gift. This is a great kids tablet, perfect for small hands and small minds.
R63M6MTRMOHO7	2.0	Sincerely Unimpressed. Buy something else	2	2	My mother bought these for each of my children, and I have to say I am not impressed in the slightest. First, to charge the tablet, the protective cover must be peeled back; The charger will not properly insert if it is not. Next, we have had some problems with the tablet not responding when the power/sleep button is pushed to wake the tablet. I have had to plug it in just to get the tablet to respond. Recently, we have also had the touch screen stop responding for no apparent reason and I had to hold down the power button to turn it off and restart it before it would work again. Top all of that off with the fact that I could not get it to run the Amazon App Store (downloaded, then would not open the download) AND it does not run higher end apps very well (we are quite the tech savvy family after all, and I wanted to use these for educational purposes). All of this, and we've had these tablet since Christmas (not even a month). Some of these problems occurred the first day of use! I do not recommend these tablets, and I will never purchase from this company.
R1U5JO2UNYWWEE	1.0	DO NOT BUY THIS!! IT LASTED LESS THAN 24 HRS.	2	2	The worst possible tablet ever. I received it on Saturday, put it to charge and a few hours later my daughter was playing with it. I downloaded a few games for her and everything was going fine. I did notice the sensitivity of the screen is really bad, like you have to tap a button a few times for it to function. That was strike #1. My daughter played on it for only about 2 hours and it drained the battery almost completely, strike #2. So I put it to charge at about 7pm, and when I checked it at 3am, it hadn't charged at all, which at this point it only turned on to display the battery in the center and turned off again. So I tested the charger on my phone and lo and behold, charged it right up. That was strike #3. And to put the icing on the cake the camera was really low quality and the 4gb memory it speaks of, must be imaginary...being that we were only able to download 1gb in games... Ive never ever seen a tablet last less than 24 hours. Its really 0 stars...Buyers beware!!
RPHUWT068Q927	1.0	Broke on Christmas Day. Will not charge. Case does not fit charging cable.	2	2	I'm sitting here with a very heartbroken 8 year old boy on Christmas day, after his brand new tablet stopped working. He played with it all day until the battery ran out, and then it would not recharge. We tried a new charger to see if it was the cord, but it still didn't work - proving that the unit is defective. I spent about 3 hours this past week setting him up with an email account, loading Google Play credits, downloading his favorite games, and configuring his Orbo so it would be ready to go on Christmas Day. He is so sad - there is nothing worse than seeing your kid crying on Christmas Day because his new present is broken. Just submitted a refund. Will not be replacing. Also, the case does not fit the charger! The hole is too small to fit the charging cable, which is ridiculous. We had to cut the hole wider to allow the charger to fit through.
R1SY3JGMPVJR6Z	1.0	Not worth it	18	25	I bought 2 of these for my 3 year old twins who love to play games on the ipad so i thought it would be nice to have one of their own. The battery on this is horrible after about 15minutes of turning it on the battery dies. I have only been successful in downloading 2 app and that itself is a process it. Also in the process of trying to download it kicks you back to the main screen. The camera absolutely sucks and the headphones port is there but if you plug the headphones on there is no sound. Very disappointed in this purchase
R1O9UYSWNK7CSY	4.0	Jr?	2	2	The Orbo Jr. Is much like any other android tablet! Not in a bad way, I was just surprised to see that it has Internet, let alone netflix and email! The front and back facing cameras take nice pictures and I like he easy screenshot button. The cover is really gummy and gives great grip for little kid hands. However, the cover sometimes gets in the way of the camer which can be a little annoying. The touch screen works well, a few times I have had to tap multiple times or more forcefully to make it recognize what I want to click. All in all, the Orbo has a really nice design, great screen resolution, and I may or may not actually give it to a child... I may just keep it for myself.
R1MGTNAK5AB2B5	1.0	do not waste your money	2	2	I bought this for my 3 year old son for christmas, I should have charged it and set it up months ago. If I had, I would have returned it and bought something else. The rest of my family has nooks, we love them and so does my son, but I wanted something more durable. I charged it and tried to set it up but the touch screen refuses to work in several areas. I am constantly turning it to try to get a response. By the time I loaded one app it was down quite a bit in battery life. It can take 4 hours to charge, and plays for half an hour. This was a complete waste of money and I will just have to donate it since I am past the warrenty date.
R3JWYQRTH7U3GH	1.0	We've had 2 of these. They're VERY fragile especially ...	3	3	We've had 2 of these. They're VERY fragile especially to be a kids tablet. I won't be buying another one.
R3RMQ3TITZJCB6	4.0	Nice tablet	2	2	I ordered two of these for Christmas presents, one for me niece and the other for my son, ages 1 and 2. I charged them and downloaded aps. I like these because I can change the aps for my child as him grows and the rubber case is great in case he drops it. The only down side is that the case prevents the charger from going in the port fully, so I just slip that corner of the case down. I have not tried out the camera yet, mainly because it isn't something that the kids will be using all the time. I may come through an update once the kids have had a chance to use them for a few days, see how well they hold up.
R3G9DISOSNSO71	5.0	love it already.	14	19	its light weight. clear sharp screen. runs very smooth n quickly. i just got it n i love it already. great little tablet.
R2DCRK1XPV95EG	2.0	Not worth it	2	2	We purchased two tablets, one pink and one blue.The pink tablet came with a broken charger and both can not use the power or other buttons with the rubber protective case on. This is not a kids tablet. This is a regular Chromo tablet colored kid friendly with a bumper that has to be taken off to use, defeating the purpose. The battery life is also extremely short. We have had these less than a month and the blue one is already broken due to being dropped without the bumper. I am not sure it would have survived with the bumper because it is fairly low quality.
R1ZFNYAIR8DFLY	1.0	Defective and poor quality.	2	2	After reading mixed reviews, i decided to get my three kids their own tablets. They arrived early, but one of them wouldnt turn on. i charged the three of them and it still wouldnt turn on. i contacted the seller in hopes to just exchange the defective one but nothing yet. Its a day later and a week from christmas and now a second tablet wont turn on. Now i have to pay out pf pocket for a replacment because Chromo Inc. decided to take.their sweet time to get back to me about my refund. I wouldnt recommend this product.
R2RRQXJ8EQGVHF	4.0	Impressed So Far	2	2	I purchased this for my grand daughter for Christmas 2014 so really can't comment on the functionality of the tablet. I did take the tablet out of the box to look at it and I was impressed with what I saw. It is not made cheap. It looks like a "real" tablet that an adult would use. When it gets closer to Christmas I will download some apps so that it is ready to go when my grand daughter opens it. I will return and update my review once I have actually turned the tablet on.
R1APBJIWUDAS8T	1.0	Was hoping for a happy little boy	11	15	Was hoping for a happy little boy.. but received this tablet with scratches on the screen, and when I plugged it in and turned it on, the screen was cracked in several places.. My son is not happy at all. It got here relatively quick though, since I have to add a star. That's the only plus
RZCHYHPC2KGLP	1.0	not a kid tablet	2	2	Definitely not a kid tablet like advertised. I originally typed in the search for the nabi tablet and this came up first so I thought it was but then read the reviews and realized it wasnt. The review said it was a good kid tablets so I thought I would save a little and try it. Definitely not kid friendly except having a bumper on it. Really slow and doesn't allow me to download any apps. Save your money
R12TI2D5GNVOU5	5.0	ive changed my review!	2	2	Below you will see my original review on this tablet. However, I am now changing this! Seller 1on1 happily exchanged our Orbo Jr. for another after they read this review. My daughter loves her tablet and the company went above and beyond to rectify the situation! Thank you so much Seller 1on1! We are very grateful! The new tablet works perfectly and has a great battery life! I recommend this seller to anyone! *****We are sending this back. We bought this for our 3 year old for her birthday. After opening it up and letting charge for 8 hours it immediately told us that battery was low. Oh and the external sound didn't work. My 3 year old wouldn't even use it due to the sound as she's only 3 and didn't want to use headphones. She shouldn't have to have only that option though. I was very disappointed in this tablet.*****
R2CQMRSM2K7YF7	1.0	WORST CHRISTMAS PRESENT EVER!! Worst product ever	2	2	The worst tablet yet!! Cheap quality and my daughter hated it she barely dropped it and the screen cracked. The battery life was horrible every time you blinked it was dead but that's what you get for the price. So with certain products the more you pay the better the quality and in this case that's so true because this product sucks. It received one star because they won't let you give it NO stars
R3A8I8026KM21B	4.0	Good tablet for kids	2	2	Was not sure to buy because of other reviews but bought it and was very satisfied. It only took about an hour to charge. Setting up was pretty easy. Wish there was a little more information sent with it. Also had a hard time finding a screen protector and since it's for kids I think it should have one. Was christmas present for granddaughter so can't say if she will like it. Would buy again.
R329OOHUOXDIEH	4.0	Just what I was looking for.	4	5	I gave it four stars because its a neat little tablet. It does everything I want it to. Has a durable outter bumper case which so far seems to really do its job. Its a vivid pretty blue tablet. I thought I would be getting a small 4 inch tablet but this is a full size 7 inch tablet! Only downfalls have been its slowed down. I think thats only because I need to purchase a memory card. The charger sometimes isnt charging it. Not sure why. The battery life is ok but my boys watch videos so it drains it quickly. But overall Id buy it again.
R3T274SVTI9XHK	1.0	It makes a funny noise when trying to charge it	2	2	I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas gift. Unfortunately it can't be returned as it is past the 30 days. I had it out to charge it up and load some apps so it was ready for her for Christmas. It was left on and now it won't charge again. It makes a funny noise when trying to charge it. It wasn't even used. Very disappointed in this product.
R10BTV46T5G3AE	1.0	don't buy, waist of money	2	2	Broke in less then a week, I dropped it from about a foot off the ground while setting it up for my son, and it will not turn on, definitely not made to hold up to a child. Don't choose to save a little money with this instead of the nabi. We have had a nabi 2 for 3 years and still works great.
R19FG73JDNDGVL	1.0	BUYER BEWARE!! Poor Choice. Do NOT buy these things	1	1	Bought these off a different website, but it wasn't me who insisted on getting these. As soon as I read TFT I said "NO WAY!" but my SO is clueless when it comes to buying things like this and likes to spend money on cheap crap and insisted on these because they were "just for the kids" instead of saving up for better ones which I wanted to do (I work in IT so I know stuff about this kind of stuff). First off, when you pull these out of the box you might notice that some of the "packaging" is missing. These are most likely refurbished or made in a factory in China. Mine had Japanese apps on them for "some reason". I disabled some of the apps that keep an eye on cleaning it and battery life etc which seemed to speed things up quite a bit, but definitely didn't extend battery life. Some useless apps come with this thing. Uninstalled everything I could because they have an app on it I can't get rid of that takes care of some other apps that are preinstalled and I don't want, nor do the kids need. The screen is absolute garbage. If you turn it vertical you get that "can't view from an angle" effect from the TFT screen which the older LCD monitors used to use before LED was used. It gave me a headache and I couldn't look at it for more than about 10 minutes or even less. These came with android OS 4.1, updated to 4.2 when I got it and even though 4.4 is available now, will not recognize that there is an update in the OS even though I checked it again yesterday. The cables and chargers that came with them went straight to the garbage and I used my phone charger instead since these use micro USB cables. The cables and chargers are of the worst quality and not even worth your time. They take no less than 8hrs to charge and even then they might not be fully charged and will definitely damage the cheap battery used in these things. The phone charger takes about 2hrs or less to charge them fully and they do not last longer than 2-3hrs at BEST. I just finished replacing the digitizer (the screen on top of the monitor to detect touch input) yesterday, and after the tablet was fully charged for the 3rd or even 4th time today already, it literally JUST died in less than an hour, from my daughter playing a game, as I was writing this so I think it might be dead now so that was probably a waste spending another ~$40 on the digitizer. The cases these are in are really flimsy (not the silicone cover). One of them was left on the couch, sat on and cracked the screen which is why I just finished replacing the digitizer. It wasn't jumped on either and they are not *that* heavy (approximately 80lb child). A quality tablet would not have cracked under minimal stress like that. On top of the garbage I mentioned above, I also bought 2, 16GB micro SD cards for these and just noticed today that one of the tablets isn't reading one of them. I still have to do some testing to see if it's either the tablet or the card, but I'm willing to put money on the tablet being at fault. Overall I give these 0 stars, but not possible on Amazon so I have to settle giving them a rating at all. Extremely disappointed and a definite BUYER BEWARE! One last note, A4C is the website I bought mine from. I made a similar review on their website but they didn't post it. After doing some digging, they don't seem to allow anything less than 3 stars with a half decent review in their favor in order to boost sales it seems.
R3P608AAITLXO1	1.0	Lemon tablets. Do not buy.	1	1	Beware!!! While we were extatic to find out we finally were "privileged" enough to purchase something at the height of the Black Friday selling festivities, our mood quickly changed after receiving these tablets and using them. We purchased a pink and a blue version for our kids for Christmas because we wanted to surprise them with a bit of technology. The first notable drawback came when the software on both tablets, while exhibiting the same Android Jellybean v. 4.1, had very apparent and differing appearances. On my daughters pink version, the camera kept turning on by itself every time you turned the tablet on...even if you didn't mean to. The overall appearance of the charging icon on both tablets were different as well. On my sons blue tablet, it was just a simple battery shaped icon used to indicate battery capacity. On my daughters, a colorful battery shaped icon reminiscent of modern smartphones. Not a huge deal except when it came to actual battery life. The four hours claimed by the manufacturer is a total lie. The tablets may actually only be in utilization for about one and half hours max before they would start flashing the recharge icon and it would be out of commission again. Throughout normal app usuage, the tablets would also freeze up for no apparent reason resulting in us having to reboot either the app or the entire tablet again. The nail in the coffin came today when my sons tablet finally gave up the ghost and will not even boot up anymore even after numerous failed attempts. Let me tell you my son was not a happy camper. If there is still a possibility to return both tablets today at this very moment, I would do just that. Do not buy these tablets unless you don't want to save yourself a headache in the long run.
R2CYKJXBHRK89	3.0	Be careful....this can be a great purchase or it can be a waste of money	1	1	I am very disappointed in this! However, it is still better than others. Please read all of the review before you judge the product. First someone would need to be aware that this was purchased to replace my daughters tablet that was bought for her over Christmas. Her former tablet was purchased cheaply and did not have the power to run both the WiFi and the game that required the use of the WiFi (it was a DeerBrook tablet, similar to this one: http://www.amazon.com/DeerBrook-Google-Android-Bluetooth-Processor/dp/B00JLG84UC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1421945609&sr=8-1&keywords=deerbrook&pebp=1421945614103&peasin=B00JLG84UC). So I saw a great deal on the amazon daily special to get this one for 76% off, or around the same price as the DeerBrook is without a discount. I purchased it in hopes that the programs would work and the tablet would actually entertain my child rather than irritate me as I constantly log out of the child lock and turn the WiFi back on, then log back in only to watch it fail within moments (negating most of the abilities of that specific program). So the box arrives and my daughter seems to know it is hers before I tell her, hanging around me like it is Christmas again. I get it open and it looks pretty and new, with the bumper shield holding the tablet within it's comforting embrace while it is covered in plastic. So I remove the bumper and then the plastic....and my heart dropped. This tablet looks EXACTLY THE SAME as the DeerBrook. Same camera, same molding, same design....everything. This is the same cheap piece of junk that I was trying to replace! So, being in the IT field, I decide to test it out and hope that it is just a newer model. Already upset that the Orbo brand is using the same machine as the DeerBrook brand I do not hold out hope that this one will work better. Right off the OS is a bit more refreshing, not as old. I note also that the memory capacity is much higher, from 512Mb in the DeerBrook to 4Gb in the Orbo. Additionally the processor is definitely faster. After downloading all of the games and software it does feel like it operates faster and supports both the WiFi and the games at the same time. So I am still upset that the hardware is the same model despite being different brands and companies, however this is a more upgraded version of that model and it operates better. Now that the main fear is negated, I try to put the tablet back in the protective case, leaving the thin plastic sheet on the screen to protect it from a 4 year old toddler. It fits fine, and the buttons still work despite being a little harder to push. However, the charging cable, a USB Mini, does not fit in the provided gap to the charging port. Weasling it in works, having to hold it in to charge the device. As soon as I let go the rubber pushes it back out. So I remove the cover and trim that hole with some nail clippers to enlarge it. I am glad that they had the foresight to put the hole there, but they should have tested it with the cables that they provide to ensure that it will function, especially with a toddler not thinking of the simple task of pulling the rubber away from the cable (toddlers will push it in, hear the beep, then assume it stays connected when the cable is pushed out by the rubber padding). The trimming needs fine tuned a it, but it will work. Now lastly the software. This is advertised as focused for kids, and that is great, but it is still nothing but a weak tablet. And there is no special software included for kids, no kid zone (like Zoodles) preinstalled, and no games preinstalled. So, a parent must create an account for their toddler (which BTW is illegal if the child is under 13 under multiple international laws) and download the games and software that the parent wants to have installed on the device. It IS possible that you can use your own google account, however then the child can charge things on their own to your account, so creating a new one without a card attached is preferred. The system can be made into a childs tablet easily, but it does not come that way despite it's advertisement. Overall this is a decent product. It is more powerful than it's DeerBrook counterpart, and has a few glitches and QC issues, but will still get the job done. This was received last night, I will provide further updates if the scene worsens. UPDATE: This tablet is loved by both my toddlers. However they use it so often that the battery only lasts about an hour or so before needing charged. The rubber still gets in the way every ones in a while, but I will not trim it further for fear of causing a tear that will rip the entire rubber protection off. But app's that I installed the force the kids into a kid mode have been bypassed....not sure how since my tests show that it starts up and requires a password (and they do not know it). But the kids have figured out to push a few buttons and the app's are ignored. So, add to the lack of software for kids the fact that kids can easily bypass the security built into the apps that you can get. Overall though, it works still. The battery is a joke, but it works.
R1XYKOR7KCX891	5.0	This product is great. It will be perfect for my 7 year ...	2	2	This product is great. It will be perfect for my 7 year old...I was so impressed that I bought one for my 2 year old as well. The camera isn't the best quality but its for a 7 and a 2 year old so there is really no need for an AMAZING camera!! We love this!
R257354ZH8ZOHP	4.0	I purchased this tablet for my 5 year old son ...	2	2	I purchased this tablet for my 5 year old son. He likes it so far. The only issues I have is it doesn't stay charged that long and the volume and power buttons are covered by the case so they can be hard to locate at times but other then that no complaints.
R3LPLO4H0V8HY7	5.0	amazing product-no disappointment	2	2	Hey guys, This product was so much better than expected! It doesn't look cheap for the price paid and is very sturdy. I have no issues with the tablet it works great for my kids. They absolutely love it and are very happy with it. Thank you!
R13P0DE98NGAIH	2.0	If you need something functional, maybe look elsewhere.	1	1	My husband and I purchased this tablet during a flash sale for about $45. This was intended for our son to use on our upcoming 16+ hour drive to see family during the holidays. The packaging was wonderful and easy to get the product out of. The tablet was easy to start up and use right out of the box, and the bumper seemed to protect it very well. There is also a slot for an external SD card. While that's all well and good, the tablet fails in every other way. The screen is very difficult to look at and seems to change brightness and clarity as you tilt the tablet. Remember the changing pictures on sports cards or stickers we used to all get as kids? That's exactly what this feels like. I'm only able to properly see what's on the screen from one very specific angle. It's very hard on the eyes and my son will only use it for a few minutes. Not only is the screen terrible, but this tablet is the slowest piece of technology I've ever seen or handled. Movies are pretty much un-watchable, and forget trying to play a game or download an app even if you're connected to WiFi. If you're looking for a cheap tablet because you fear your children might destroy it - this may be the way to go. If you need something functional that can be used for long periods of time, look elsewhere. I did give this product two stars, solely because of the great packaging, ease of set-up, and how sturdy it seems. You get what you pay for, and so I am returning this and ordering something different for my son.
R1EZEL4M0N9PW0	5.0	Kid Tough! Kid Approved!	1	1	My little nephew has been wanting his own tablet for a while now. He is almost 5. I found this Orbo Jr. 4GB Android Tablet for Kids and knew this was perfect for him. The tablet shipped and arrived promptly. I couldn't wait for him to open it. This tablet comes with a really soft and unbreakable bumper case around it for protection in case it's dropped. Its kid tough which is awesome. This tablet does everything that all other tablets do. The instruction book that comes with it has all the details in it that you will need, in case of any issues and how to get started on using the tablet. All of the steps are very easy to follow. This tablet has a camera built in so your little one can take their own pictures. There are a lot of apps and games for them to play that can be downloaded from the Google Play Store. You will want to fully charge the tablet before using it the first time. The tablet is very age appropriate and easy for little ones to understand. This tablet is a really great tablet for your child or children. I would recommend this tablet for anyone out there looking to buy one for that Birthday, Christmas, or just because gift. My little nephew really loves it. Not only is this a great tablet for children but it also has a great affordable low price. I definitely made a great choice by purchasing this tablet. * I received this Orbo Jr. 4GB Android Tablet at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
RDEYQFHM6W5XA	1.0	Basically useless tablets, even for small children	1	1	I purchased two of these for my grandchildren for Christmas. Shipping was quick, and setup was easy. Before the holiday, we linked a Google account to each tablet and downloaded some age appropriate apps. The kids were thrilled on Christmas day, and they immediately started playing games and watching videos on YouTube. It's now a few days after Christmas, and the tablets have frozen multiple times, and each time, when they finally turn back on, the account information and downloaded apps are erased. It's as if they are performing their own factory reset each time. Their parents are spending more time reconnecting the Google accounts and re-downloading apps than the kids spend using the device. My son-in-law is very tech savvy, but even he is confused as to why this is happening. When the do get things running again, there is a great deal of delay from the time you touch the screen to the time the device responds. I understand these are lower end tablets designed for children, so I was not expecting lightening fast speeds, but this was much slower than I had hoped for. I would understand if we were trying to run multiple apps, or had a lot of apps downloaded, but this is not the case. Overall, I am VERY disappointed in this product, and would NOT recommend this to anyone. At the time of this review, the tablets are basically useless to my grandchildren and I will be purchasing something from another seller.
RVP4I8HHRKSOS	5.0	Special thanks	2	2	Perfect condition! Will purchase from again! Prompt with arrival and this was a gift to a special needs little boy who now can be interested n learning with colors that pop out! Thank you for quality for a low price.
R2QKKEDG8ZNVII	5.0	"MY GRANDSON 'S HAPPY"	1	1	THIS GREAT TABLET ARRIVED TODAY. I PURCHASED THIS ORBI JR. FOR MY 2 YEAR-OLD TASMANIAN DEV, I MEAN GRANDSON. MY GRANDSON IS ALWAYS WANTING TO "BOWLING" AND "BATSETBALL" ON MY TABLET, BUT HE DOES GET REALLY "PHYSICAL" WITH HIS TOYS,OR MINE. THIS ORBI JR. HAS A VERY THICK DURABLE SILICONE COVER AROUND IT ,ALL 4 CORNERS THAT ARE EVEN THICKER AND ROUNDED SO WHEN IT DOES FALL OUT OF THOSE HANDS, THE CORNERS REALLY CAN HANDLE THE FALL. THE SCREEN DOES NOT HAVE ANY PROTECTION, AND ISN'T COVERED BY THE SILICONE CASE. THE PLUG THAT IS PROVIDED IS SHORT, ONLY ABOUT 2 1/2' long.THE PLUG THAT GETS PUT INTO THE TABLET IS LIKE A HEADPHONE PLUG . THIS TABLET DID ARRIVE FULLY CHARGED ,AND MY GRANDSON AND I DOWNLOADED SEVERAL GAMES FOR HIM TO PLAY AND PLAYED SOME OF THEM FOR ABOUT 4 HOURS TOTAL ,WHEN WE STOPPED PUTTING GAMES HE LIKES ON THE TABLET , THE BATTERY WAS DOWN TO 46% . I PLUGGED IN THE TABLET, AND IN ABOUT 1 -1 1/2 HOURS THE BATTERY WAS FULL .MIND YOU ,WE DO NOT PLAY ON THESE "TOYS" FOR 4 HOURS ALL THE TIME BUT WE SPENT QUITE AWHILE PICKING GAMES I KNOW MY GRANDSON COULD AND WOULD PLAY.HE REALLY ENJOYED PLAYING WITH HIS NEW TABLET ,AND KNOWS HOW TO TURN IT ON AND OFF.ALSO KNOWS HOW TO GET TO HIS GAMES. THERE ARE SO MANY CHILD FRIENDLY TABLETS OUT THERE,BUT THIS MORE THEN MEETS MY GRANDSON'S NEEDS. THANKS FOR READING , BYE.
R2NTT5EXAMNKQQ	5.0	5 stars for sure! No question at all, just 5 STARS!!	1	1	OH MY GOSH!!! This is an amazing toy for a kid only its like no toy! Its just like a normal functioning tablet and it has a super nice padded case with bumpered corners for excellent protection. I could use this if I wanted to! Seriously!! I got it for my grand daughter as she loves electronics and I have paid more for less quality products that ARE toys and don't function like the real thing. This is almost TOO nice for a kid, but since its so well protected its easy the give it to a kid. It connects to the internet (if you set it up to) and you can down load any games you feel age appropriate for the child right from the play store, you can connect to your computer and add music or pictures. Its really an amazing little tablet and I can't believe its priced so friendly!! 5 stars for sure! No question just 5 STARS!! I did receive this as part of a promo for my honest opinion and my honest opinion is you absolutely can't go wrong with this for any kid, My 16 year old is playing on it right now and she is totally captivated!! UPDATE!!! Still working great! I just found a cute neoprene case that goes with this size tablet and Im ordering that as well since it's THAT nice of a tablet, A REAL TABLET, not a toy, don't get thrown off by the word JR. It's the REAL DEAL. I wanted the case cuz we take it along everywhere. EXCELLENT PRODUCT!!!
R2OAYJUS9X661A	4.0	- Charges quickly - Set up is easy to understand - Tablet has option in settings that ...	1	1	First off, this was a "gamble buy" for my family. I have two small children (6 & 3) and these were bought for them to have in the car on road trips, while sitting quietly at the doctors office, ect. Not for everyday use. With that information in mind, this is how I woguld review this product: PROS: - Charges quickly - Set up is easy to understand - Tablet has option in settings that let you turn off any apps you don't want kids on - Apps run smoothly, as long as you don't leave too many open at once. But that's just common sense.. - Durable. My kids have dropped their tablets while walking up the stairs, no damage. CONS: - Dies quickly if left running constantly. Ex: Watching a movie on Netflix will drain it much faster than just playing games. - I have had issues with apps not working properly due to something in the settings that keeps flipping it to airplane mode. I would classify this as a glitch, but a very annoying one. And it happens with BOTH tablets we bought. - The charger slot isn't large enough to plug in the charger with the case on. I have to take the tablets out of their silicone cases before I can charge them. Overall, we are happy with these tablets for kid use. We have had them for 3 months now and still work great.
R9OM1W8NJBX9E	2.0	Worked good for 3 months, then crashed.	1	1	This product was great - for the first three months. I bought it as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old this past December. I had no issues setting it up. No issues hooking it into our wifi. Our son loved it and would most often play Minecraft PE and Angry Birds on it. However, now after about 3 months of use it is giving us major issues. It won't charge. It won't turn on. When I plug it in it just cycles through 4 different screens continuously, as if there is some sort of glitch in the internal processing. I considered just removing the battery to sort of reset it, but I can't even find anywhere on the thing to open it up and find a battery. I'm currently in process on contacting the seller and the manufacturer to see what my options are so I don't know yet how that process will go. I can tell you that I also bought my 10 year old son a tablet for Christmas. His is a Linsay brand tablet for around the same price as the Orbo. His tablet is still working perfectly fine. His is used for basically the same things and connected to our wifi just as easily. So to those considering the Orbo Jr. tablet because it's a "kids" tablet, I suggest keep looking. You can find other better quality tablets for around the same price without the headaches.
R3KKXWQZF2T6XN	2.0	You get what you pay for... Sometimes.	1	1	I'm not impressed with the quality, or function of this tablet. But, you get what you pay for, I suppose. The protective cover is very nice, and offers a good deal of protection. The tablet itself is subpar. The outside covering keeps separating from the inside of the tablet, and we have to constantly snap it back together. As for sound and video quality, its ok. The sound is nice, but the video could stand to be a bit more refined (crisper & clearer, etc). Mynbiggest complaint is all of the preinstalled bloatware that comes on it. In order to use the Google play store, you have to disable the pre installed app store. Which, if you choose children's apps, loads porn. Yeah... Anyhow, after removing all of the extra programs, and setting it up for better performance, it was a bit better. I did receive a discounted price, to test and review this tablet, and I have some definite opinions on changes that need to be made... This tablet is primarily used by a 3 year old, for preschool games, and Netflix. Games work well, but Netflix goes in and out a bit. I'm thinking the wireless capability is flawed? Even while using my home WiFi, it has connectivity issues. I'm hoping it gets us through our road trip this summer, then I will be looking for something a little more stable.
R1O6EZKKYJV2SQ	1.0	Poor camera quality	2	2	Bought 2 of these and were NOT at all what was expected. Returning both. Poor camera quality. Very poor video quality. Screen freezes/locks up and needs rebooting frequently. I do not recommend.
RSSM2PXWL7NIW	1.0	No good....	2	2	This product did not work. Took it out of the box and plugged it to charge and the tablet made a loud noise. The. When the screen turned on it was blurry you couldn't see anything on the screen.
R3BQ2EIN6KUGZQ	1.0	Don't buy	2	2	Don't buy second day I got it for my daughter it froze on the screen that says orbo also when charging it made a weird high pitch noise & wouldn't charge do not recommend for others to buy
R3PLDLLP0Q873X	1.0	You get what you pay for with this!	1	1	We got this for my daughter on July 31st, 2015. It arrived on August 10th. It has ridiculously low storage; I had to use a memory card so she could have more than about four things on it, and even then, the memory card can only store things, games on it can't be played unless they are moved to the internal storage. The battery charges quickly, but doesn't last long. She only got three to four hours of use per charge, which is short battery life compared to other products of a similar size. That alone should tell you how cheaply it's made. If that wasn't enough to prove that point, this will really drive it home. She had it about a week or so when the charging port broke and fell into the tablet. So we sent it back for a replacement offered by the seller. We sent it back on August 19th. The replacement took two weeks to get to us - it arrived yesterday afternoon (September 1, 2015). This morning, the charging port broke and fell into the tablet. Twice in the space of three weeks, most of which was waiting for the thing to arrive, we've had this tablet break in the exact same way. Don't buy this for your kids. It isn't worth it. Save yourself the frustration and get them a better quality device.
R2GDLVFKUAQ4ZP	1.0	Two hours with this thing was enough	1	1	I bought this for my 6-year-old daughter for Christmas and decided to set it up for her before wrapping. It's a good thing I did, because it was on for TWO HOURS before I decided to do a factory reset and return the thing. I took it out of the package, plugged it in, and left it on the included charger for more than a day. The first clue that this was a terrible purchase should have been that the charger plug is too thick to fit in the slot over the port in the gel case. You have to pull the case off over a corner in order to plug it in. I turned it on and was surprised to see that the battery had only a 68% charge (8+ hours). I went ahead and set up some basic features and apps, testing the WiFi, browser, video, sound, and camera. The camera is as terrible as you'd expect on a kid's tablet, and thin, red lines flashed periodically around the screen when I tested Chrome. Two hours later, I see that the battery is down to 44%, I plug it in, and...nothing. Not charging. It doesn't charge on the included cable, nor on any of the three other micro USB chargers I tried. Thank god my kid didn't see it, or else I'd have to explain to her how terrible her gift was going to be.
R1LN3LHRP0Y3WJ	4.0	Its a great tablet for my son for his education games	2	2	Its a great tablet for my son for his education games ...I wish it had a kid mode where they can't get out of the games and on to other things and the other down fall is the battery life
R1LLTPY3FLA9HW	1.0	Defective	6	8	I am very upset I purchased this tablet for my daughters birthday which is this Sunday and the tablet will not hold a charge at all. I've been charging it for hours and all it does is continually blink on and of when I take the charger out it shows that the tablet has not charged at all.
R1OMP6UMYU1PSD	1.0	Angry Mother - Worst Holiday Gift Ever	1	1	I brought 3 of these tablets for my children. All three tablets worked for roughly 2 hours on Christmas Day and just stopped working afterwards. I had to reason with my children to let the battery charge for 6-8 hrs. so that they can have a chance of enjoying it. As soon as I placed the tablets on the charger, it looked as if the battery was draining more than charging. 4 (yes I said 4) hours later, an empty battery image with an triangle popped up and it started making these weird static/popping noises. I unplugged all three tablets and tried to look online for troubleshooting tips in which there were NONE!!! Unfortunately since I ordered these tablets back in September (I do all Christmas shopping early) I cannot return these faulty, false-advertising pieces of trash that I wasted $180.00. This is what I get for being cheap, and not getting the Samsung Galaxy S3 tablet I wanted to get for my little ones. Now I feel that I failed them with this disappointing junk given to them for Christmas. Never again will I even think about looking at another Orbo product and I most definitely will not encourage anyone I know to waste their money on this.
R2GWS5QFRJOOGL	5.0	The tablet is everything I expected my grandsons love them even though on stopped working it was replaced ...	2	2	The tablet is everything I expected my grandsons love them even though on stopped working it was replaced by amazon immediately highly recommended to anyone with little children
R87THD4050383	1.0	WORTHLESS!!!	2	2	Bought 2 for my toddlers and they SUCK! The charger on BOTH chargers broke on the second day. Battery life is terrible. SLOW to start up, apps don't load right. WASTE OF MONEY!
R170L96RRJDAVY	2.0	... year old daughter as it seemed really responsive and pretty durable for a young child	6	8	Was very excited to get the orbo jr for my four year old daughter as it seemed really responsive and pretty durable for a young child. It had performed decently, but we only get about 1 1/2hrs of play time per battery charge so she spends more time charging it than playing on it.
R3U4OFK460LWXA	1.0	Tablet will not hold charge or recharge	2	2	Not happy with this product. Purchased 2 for grandchildren for Christmas. These tablets will not hold charge and will not recharge. Will be returning these for a refund.
R3FU8ZA2B83N2H	4.0	Not a bad tablet for the price.	1	1	I got this for my not even 1 year old niece. There's ups and downs. The ups, it is actually a pretty decent tablet. Or I just got a good one. It isn't as slow as other reviews say, though it is kind of slow. The screen is actually pretty good, it is easy to use. It is a LEGIT tablet, not a "child's" tablet. The only child part about this is the case. The downs, the cameras absolutely suck. They're like cheap webcams that you would get. But it does have forward and rear cameras. The battery life isn't the greatest, but it's not as horrible as I've seen some of the other reviews say. I had it off of the charger for about an hour downloading apps and just playing around with it and it was just about to 80% from 100%. The worst thing is, it starts to overheat quite fast. But, for the money you get what you buy. For $60 you shouldn't expect a fast operating tablet or something fancy. For children, this is a perfect tablet. It'll also teach them patience, because as I said, it is kind of slow. It does feel a little flimsy, so make sure if you get it your kids aren't up high with it.
R3V3C20H7JB0PE	1.0	spend more to get something that works	2	2	You get what you pay for, I guess. I bought two and they lasted about a month and now I can't even get them to charge enough to turn on. Big disappointment for my kids.
R249SRYHQ45F57	4.0	Hours of fun for my 2 year old	1	1	I got this for my 2 year old, he loves to play games on mine and my husband's phones, but we need them for our business, so he gets upset when we have to use them. I saw a great deal on this and decided to take advantage of it, as I knew my son would love it. It is very easy for him to use, he will sit for hours and play his games and scroll through keeping himself busy. It is very durable, as my son has already dropped it a few times, and the protective cover does it's job very well. And my son is just loving that he has his own tablet that Mommy & Daddy don't hover over him to make sure he doesn't break it. I highly recommend this. The only issue I have is that the battery runs down very quickly, but other than that it is wonderful. I was provided a sample for a discounted price to review and and share my unbiased opinion, I am not affiliated with this company or compensated in any way. I am just a regular Amazon customer who shops a lot on Amazon and enjoys sharing my experiences with others so that they can make an informative buying decision.
R1K57DJTPZO6L8	2.0	Pass on this deal, please.	5	7	I really tried to like this tablet for the 2 months that it lived. The price was amazing. The outer shell seemed sturdy. We were going to use it as a back-up tablet for our son. But, that's where I stop liking it. - The battery lasted at most 3 hours. After the battery reached 50% it could no longer remain connected to our WI-FI network. - The screen had a weird glare on it or something that it just wasn't all clear at any particular angle. Even when you looked at straight on, it was like the outer edges of the screen or certain spots seemed to black out a bit. I kept trying to ignore it, and my son didn't seem to mind it, but I was worried about the effect it would have on his eyes. - It was somewhat slow in touch response. That wasn't a big deal for us, as we don't play any speed games, but for others who do, that would drive you bonkers. Well, my son stepped on it in his room, and that was it. I was almost relieved it was dead. I went out and bought another MEMO PAD 7. Our old one that he used lasted a year with brutal toddler beatings and NO protective case. It was the tablet that kept on chugging. What finally killed it, after innumerable tantrum drops and stomps, was he took it in the bath with him. It died, but only after I took it out from under the running water. This time, I got a cover and screen protector film for his new one, and that battery lasts from 6AM to about 4PM, as he tends to leave it on around the house, and it stays connected the whole time to WI-FI. It is very responsive to touch, and the screen is crystal clear for us. I recommend that one.
R1JR20MQDIWU9	4.0	I really love this tablet and so does my grandson	2	2	I really love this tablet and so does my grandson. Since he has had it he has been able to learn a lot thru the learning apps his mom and I downloaded for him.
R2IG94RVQPOMH0	5.0	Useful, convenient, and comes in a cute case that has saved it a number of times already!	1	1	I've never had a tablet before, mostly because I've seen my friends with them and they're not as multi-functional as a laptop, too big for a phone, and too complicated for something I would just want to use for writing or playing mindless games. So when I saw this as part of a promotion, I thought, hey, maybe it's time to take the plunge and try a tablet out. I ended up receiving it at a discount in exchange for a genuine critique and I am happy to say that I love it! This isn't the most powerful or intelligent tablet out there, but it suits my purposes admirably. It's small enough that I can travel with it easily. It also has an attractive casing so that, since I'm a klutz and have a tendency to break things, when I drop it or bang it against something it won't get injured. It's also quite useful for other simple apps like Square so I can take it to art shows with me. Overall, very useful, very convenient, and extremely reasonable in pricing. Quite happy!
R2OIWM8WGLBY41	1.0	Seller1ON1	1	1	I bought this tablet in Oct for a Christmas gift (Amazon's return policy is good for only 30 days). My three year old played on it maybe 2x a months for less than 25 minutes each time. I tried to download my Square App thinking I might take it to a trade show with me at the end of May. The device jammed while downloading and would only go to a "default" screen. I let the tablet battery sit completely dead for a little more than a week hoping to reset the device. After that I fully recharged the battery but was unable to get the tablet to even boot up. When I contacted Seller1ON1 for assistance with this issue they would not help in any way. I was even asking for suggestions on how to get the device to boot up. Seller1ON1 would simply refer me to Amazon's 30 day return policy due to that fact that "Amazon shipped it". I will be watching to make sure I do not purchase anything else from Seller1On1, not a company I am comfortable doing business with.
R1IA7F2H53TBLQ	1.0	Orbo Jr Bought from Seller1on1	1	1	This is a terrible tablet! The thought was nice, but the execution was poor. I'm not sure if it's inefficiency is because of the manufacturer or due to the company Seller1on1, but it runs really slow and freezes a lot. I believe that it may have been refurbished because the power button is very loose and flimsy, I tried turning it on and it wouldn't and the only reason it came on was because it had fully charged. Once I it was on there was an old video of a movie trailer that came out years ago. I tried to turn it off but once again the power would not work. I couldn't download anything from the Play Store once I signed into my google account, the apps were freezing or wouldn't load up at all. I don't know what the deal is with this product or company Seller1on1 but if you want a tablet go for an expensive one. I wanted my daughter to have her because she is a whiz at my iPad, I honestly would rather shell out another $300 for her to have her own.
R22I47AWO28XBL	5.0	Perfection	2	2	Wonderful! Came even faster than expected, I also received text updates as it was shipped and where it was at!! It's perfect, my niece loves it!!
RN5PJPTSHHTI0	3.0	losey chargers, but awesome tablet	2	2	Charger short circuited so now it wont charge the tablet, also the USB port doesn't charge when the battery is alive the tablet runs smooth
RLH27HIGR5CJN	2.0	Don't Waste Your Time or Money on This Item!	1	1	Very poor quality product. The first time we charged it it took all night (about 8 hours) to get a full charge and then lasted only about 90 minutes. Now it still takes about 5 hours for a full charge and only lasts about 2 hours before it has to be charged again. This tablet tends to get to get very slow for no apparent reason and eventually speeds back up. Sometime the tablet appears to turn off by itself, and then will come back on. We ordered this item for our 3 year old daughter thinking it would be a good, inexpensive option for the child this age. While it is inexpensive, it is not good. At the same time we ordered a DragonTouch 7" for our 7 year old daughter which is working fine. There is very little difference between the two tablets except the Orbo does not work well and the DragonTouch does. And, the DragonTouch was about the same price. I do not recommend this product.
R353LEIQNZT9G8	2.0	Won't even keep a charge!	1	1	What a very disappointing tablet. We returned the first one we received because there were scratches and fingerprints all over the unprotected screen when we opened the box. The next one we received still had an unprotected screen in thebos but wasn't scratched up. We followed all directions on charging it up the first time. As soon as I turned it on the first time the battery went down to 79% charged. We let the battery drain down and plugged it in again and it wouldn't charge past 79%. Now while its plugged in for charging it jumps from 85% charged down to 79% charged then back up a little then down again. This thing won't even keep a charge while plugged in!! We ordered it for our son with special needs for school, but I'm afraid it won't keep it's charge throughout the day. The price was cheap and now I can see why. After two terrible tablets I'm not trying another one.
RDOTTGKO615OC	5.0	Great Tablet	10	14	This is a really a great tablet, my kid is really enjoying it. Works nice without lag and the rubber feels great quality. A great way for me kid to start messing around with technology, and get a head start on the future. Will definitely recommend this to my friends and family with kids. Thank you!
R1QD90RFMXYIZ3	2.0	There are better options out there...	1	1	I was really excited when I bought this tablet and thought my kids would love it. I never gave it to them and ended up returning it for a refund. Cons: The tablet would not charge by the MicroUSB port. The user manual said it would, I tried contacting the manufacture, but they did not respond. The display has a pretty narrow viewing angle. It would have been difficult for both of my girls to watch something together and both be able to view the screen. The battery is terrible. I read the reviews and didn't think it would be a big deal...it is...it lost 30% of the charge in 4 hours without even being used. There are some options to overcome this, but without being able to charge through the MicroUSB port, you are a little limited. Pros: Inexpensive, The Android platform allows you to put whatever Apps you want on it.
R16B43RH57LJDV	5.0	Bought as a gift for my niece, who has ...	2	2	Bought as a gift for my niece, who has outgrown the Leap Pad. It's exactly as advertised! At this price, I will order more for gifts!
R22T8NVPUMGYDN	1.0	The battery life seems poor. Always needing to recharge it so when my ...	2	2	The battery life seems poor. Always needing to recharge it so when my 4 year old wants to use it we have to deal with this issue.
R19TB48GZ5TJ75	4.0	fun tablet!	1	1	I bought this as a present for my daughter's 6th birthday. The tablet arrived well packaged and looks very sleek at first glance. The silicone case gives it a playful look. Connects effortlessly to wi-fi. Touch controls are effortless and fast. Impressed that this is so much cheaper than the iPad and does a pretty decent job. Great for web browsing. I plan to download a few learning games for my kid and then disable the wifi for her own safety. Con: It was on full charge when it arrived. After playing around with it for a half hour the battery said 50% charge. Looks to me like the battery could be an eventual problem. But since I only let my kid spend 20 mins on the tablet a day it's ok with me. What more can you expect for this price? Disclosure: I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review.
R3BHZVR3U7T7G7	4.0	Little ones love it.	1	1	Seems to be working good so far. I was a little worried when reading the other reviews but I decided to give it a go anyway. When it arrived I let it charge for the 6 hrs that it recommended and then downloaded some games for the kids. everything worked just fine. Pros: Its small, light and easy to hold for little ones It comes with a protective case touch screen Does not turn up very loud so they cant blast you out of the house Cons: there are no parental controls They can do pretty much whatever they want There are issues plugging the cords into the tablet itself My kids love it and for that I gave it 4 stars. Lets just hope it lasts I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion and honest review. These words are my own based on my own experiences.
RTVAM9ANO9Z78	2.0	Design flaws Lead to Failed Unit	3	4	Bought this for Christmas for my 8 year old. He was so excited to get it. But the first problem was obvious: The rubber around the unit was too thick to allow the charger to actually stay in the outlet to charge the unit. We ended up having to pull the rubber off every time we had to charge it. We also could not attach headphones for the same reason: the rubber prevents the headphone stem from going all the way into the hole. Naturally, at one point, my son grabbed it off the charger, with the rubber halfway off, and accidentally dropped it. It seemed to still work, nothing cracked, no obvious issues. At that point, I took a razor blade and shaved off the rubber around the charging hole and headphone jack. Within days, my son told me he couldn't get the unit to work. I looked at it, and sure enough, the inside of the jack where you charge it up was loose. So now it doesn't work because we can't get it to charge. He is so disappointed. So now I'm probably going to find a different tablet.
R16OVVAYXMUUQT	1.0	As much as i love Amazon this was the worst item i bought from ...	1	1	As much as i love Amazon this was the worst item i bought from here. I bought 2. One for my son and one for my cousin as Christmas gifts last year. They were completely slow upon opening it and died withing 30 minutes. I would put them on the charger before they fully died and charge them like that. Two weeks later both kids let them die completely. I put both on the charger and waited for 4 hours. When i tried turning them back o it would stay at the android screen. So i shut them off manually and had them restart and same problem. I then let the tablet die out again and recharged them with the same issue. Luckily the kids were able to find other ways to entertain themselves instead of being completely upset over their tablets but still. Big disappointment!
R3QESPK557WDL5	4.0	Inexpensive Entertainment for Zombified Children	3	4	This is a great tablet for zombified children. It's not amazing, but it's serviceable. It does it's job to keep the children from ripping the flesh off my face with their too-long fingernails when I'm trying to have a phone conversation. There is not a huge amount of space available for apps but again, zombie tablet. If your children are anything like mine, even one app on a tablet is enough to keep them thoroughly incapacitated for at least an hour, enough time to escape. I intend to purchase a second one for my other child simply because it provides the entertainment for a relatively low price and I can already see the tell-tale signs of zombification coming on. If you're not too picky about storage space and technical doohickeys, you just need something that is durable, lightweight, and entertaining for toddlers and children, then this is the tablet for you. Simply turn it on, launch it at the little flesh eating monsters and head for the hills.
R1UIH05AB9KBK8	3.0	Battery does not last at all other than that it's a good product for kids	2	2	This item the battery dies every 2-3 hours . Battery does not last at all other than that it's a good product for kids.
R3V3UZH72W3HK6	4.0	Inexpensive yet durable...	1	1	This is an inexpensive yet durable tablet that keeps the little one busy. He has dropped it about a dozen times on the hardwood floors. As others have stated it is a full blown android tablet. The battery does goes quick, however if you turn off the WiFi when there is no need for it; it does extend the battery. At first, it was a bit of trick to download games but it was my new router that was not playing well with the tablet, after resolving this its perfectly fine. It streams Netflix fine but under load you will see some lag, just make sure you close apps and you can avoid this problem (be aware you need patience when things get locked up). My only take away is the max volume level---it really isn't too great (unless you have headphones). I am happy with it and so is the little guy.
R62S11YN8C4LA	1.0	meh.	1	1	The product was OK when purchased. Followed charging instructions and my kiddo liked it. I thought it was ok, it lags on networks and loading compared to my Note 3. My LO was just as happy with my phone in kid mode as this product. For a 1.5 year old she was able to get out of apps to easily. It would have been ok if would have been able to be used 6 months later. With a full battery on auto brightness with use the battery only lasts maybe 1.5 hours. Now 4 months later it wont last through a whole movie from Netflix, etc. That paired with the laggy, slowness of the tablet it is being retired for something that will last a couple of years. The window for return is pretty short so, buy and use not wait if for a gift. imho. It is what it is, a cheap throw away kid tablet.
R2F5WK6ZIZ7GTJ	4.0	So after reading every review for a tablet that doesn't drain your wallet I think I made a really good decision. They are perfec	1	1	I ordered a blue and pink tablet for my son who is 6 and my daughter who is 4. Recently my son had a iPod and dropped it in water and it stopped working. So after reading every review for a tablet that doesn't drain your wallet I think I made a really good decision. They are perfect for playing games. I have downloaded almost 10+ games so far on each tablet and still have alot of space to go for more games. They also like the camera part but if your not outside or in alot of light then they aren't so good. They seem stable my daughter dropped hers a few times already and still works great. As for charging them I have to take the protected cases off before hooking them up to the chargers because the hole isn't big enough for the charger to fit in.
R9RXSXPYIX23C	5.0	Great little tablets!	1	1	So far so good! I charged the two I purchased up and started loading apps and games for nephews 4 and 7. The screen is a little fuzzy, but it is a $60 tablet so that was expected. It has front and rear photo function and I thought that the processing speed was very good. I played some of the games to check speed and no problems there. The batteries on one of the two seemed to drain a bit quickly, but I'm not sure it was plugged in as long as the other so will have to keep an eye on that. I think the boys will love them! I did receive two blue ones instead of blue and red as ordered, but it is close to the holiday so I decided just to keep what was received.They come with both wall and usb chargers so no need for constant battery changes!
R1Z0NHWAES9EYK	2.0	There are Better Devices for Children	1	1	I got this for my young grandson for Christmas because he loves my Kindle and is able to navigate between apps without issues. When I got this tablet, I decided to load some apps for him; the battery was dead after 2 downloads. This device is not designed for young children which should be pointed out in the description. This is a fully functional tablet that requires adult supervision and constant monitoring. Little hands will have difficulty trying to navigate between apps. The brightness of the screen cannot be adjusted and the photo quality is dismal at best. There is no locking device to keep young children from accessing important data and security information. I wish I would have just gotten a Kindle. This tablet was a waste of money.
R3T3CPVLAWAUL0	5.0	Great tablet for all ages	1	1	I order this tablet because my son has always wanted one and couldn't beat the price. I thought when I ordered it that it was just going to be for my son. After receiving it I realized this is a great tablet really for any age. It has a lot of apps you can download and customize for your style. It also has locks for me to be able to prevent my son from going and downloading a lot. It basically can do anything a regular tablet can do. Has a setting you can connect to a WIFI . I love it and I use it as well. You really can not beat the price and would be a great gift for a child wanting their first tablet. The case is great and really protects the tablet/screen. I received this product for a discount for my honest option.
R3UEMNQ03LGFM5	1.0	Did not get a good one.	1	1	The tablet had one long scratch on the back and a smaller one across from it. After reading the directions, I plugged the tablet in to get the initial charge. There was no indicator light to show it was charging. I allowed it to charge for the designated time. When I unplugged it and turned it on, it was still as dead as when it arrived. I tried the process again and still nothing. I have returned the tablet and will purchase one from someone else. The tablet looks like it has been used. The item was shipped nicely; however, the tablet's box was torn on one corner as if someone had attempted to open it incorrectly. The end to open was sealed with a plastic sticker and was easy to open once the seal was sliced.
R3N4QFEVVRP5K8	2.0	Poor quality overall. Unable to run Play Store	1	1	The screen has poor resolution, colors, and viewing angle. The sound was barely audible. The processor and memory provide poor performance. But I expected all of those deficiencies given the price, and would have been satisfied with the product for my intended purpose of a media viewer for Netflix and YouTube. However, the tablet crashed every time I tried to load Google Play Store, which rendered it useless in my mind. I returned it and am trying the Chromo now, which is similarly priced and featured, but actually seems to work so far. On the plus side, the case is nice. It has a soft feel and seems protective and of decent quality. Still, I don't see the use for a kid's case without a stand.
R2H8EKWCQ67XCM	3.0	Pretty decent effort!	3	4	If you're looking for an inexpensive tablet your kids can use this is a pretty decent effort. It's dirt cheap, even the hardware you get. Don't expect a the performance of a full blown iPad or even a Nexus 7, but those cost at least 5.5 times the price of this. It runs most apps smoothly enough and basic games that you kids oughta enjoy. Also, since it only has 4GB of storage (even less is available for use), buying a fast SD card is a must. My only complaints are with the battery and provided charger, you run out of juice really fast and the wall adapter is ridiculously weak, it charges really really slow, but just use a different one and you're settled. Overall, I think the price and pros beat the cons, so if you're looking for an inexpensive disposable tablet for children this will do.
R2I0W0IQT5TGMN	1.0	Bad product and Bad return policy	1	1	I bought these for my grandsons for Christmas. They loved them at first, but they did not last. They worked well for about a month, and then we started having charging issues. We hae had to wiggle and fool around with the cord to try to get it into just the right position. The screen will suddenly turn upside down and won't flip around. Sometimes the screen is totally black. Now they don't charge at all. My grandsons ask when I'm going to buy them more, because these are broken. They don't understand that products like these should last longer than 2 months. I will not buy another one of these products. Also, I have discovered that owning this for two months is too long to return.
R1NVXFOWSK7G3U	2.0	No Parental Controls	3	4	It is a full fledged Android tablet, and this may be a problem for some. I just finished setting up a Venue 7 for my son, and this for my youngest. It is already headed back. With KitKat on the 7 you can create a restricted user, no YouYube, no Browser...whatever you want. The capability is not there on this, there is not even an app by the manufacturer to accomplish any parental controls for a child user. Why would you make a child's tablet and give it free range to the ether? You may argue that I should be monitoring what they're doing, that's not why we buy these. We buy them to keep kids busy so they are not bothering us and we can focus on other things. I can hand the Venue to my son and know without a doubt, there is no chance of him being exposed to anything or buying crap. BAD product.
R27SR4XJLLBT31	5.0	Perfect 1st tablet for toddler	1	1	We recently decided on getting a first table for our toddler. We were given a codeto get this one at a discounted price. At first I figured it was going to be kinda junky and that's why they were discounting it trying to get good reviews. I was surprised when we recieved it the silicon covering is awesome, especially with a toddler who we knew would be dropping it sooner or later. She loves it. The battery doesn't last all day, but I don't allow my little one to be on it for hours and hours at a Time so charging it isn't an issue. She loves playing her games on it. It was definitely worth it, and i would recommend it if your looking for one for your toddler!
R3D2ZTTT03SZRZ	5.0	I love that it has a protective rubber case!	1	1	This tablet is perfect for my four year old. He loves the bright blue color. I love that it has a protective rubber case! The buttons are big and easy for him to push. The screen is clear and bright. Everything about this is perfect for little kids. The only negative is we can't fit the charger in when the case is on, but really that's just more of an inconvenience than an issue. Some tablets for kids don't get google play, this one does, which is great. My son can get all the games he loves. Overall a really awesome tablet for the price. I recommend this to people with children. I received this at a discount to review. My opinions are my own.
R1J8JPWZA0H89C	1.0	No Durability. Only had for 4mos and the screen cracked from regular "adult" use.	1	1	Do not buy this tablet, especially for children. It isn't durable at all! The screen is thin, flimsy, and cracks way too easily from gentle use, making it completely worthless now. I thought it was great when we first received it for my daughter's Christmas gift. Unfortunately though, it isn't made well. My daughter prefers my galaxy tab, so I used this on. The screen has been fully protected since we received it. I was using it for research, when the screen cracked from just typing on the screen keyboard. This tablet was only used by adults, and it still broke. It's certainly not built to withstand careless use from children, as intended.
R19Z6YLWNTRDUD	5.0	Really Really LOVE this & so did my son	1	1	Really Really LOVE this & so did my son!! My son was always trying to grab my phone. So I started thinking a tablet would be great for him. This google android tablet is great, there are so many games to download for him to play. It is very durable and I love the case that came with it, kind of like a bubble shell for him in case he drops it or hits his self with it! This is great for my son to learn with yet also have fun with! Great for vacations or long car rides! Keeps kids entertained for hours. No more slobber on mommy's phone! I was really impressed with this. I received this at a discounted price for my honest opinion.
RTRHPXM8P64OP	3.0	Hit or miss.	1	1	I ordered 3 of these tablets for Christmas. Blue, pink and green. I loved the little bumpers and they seemed like decent tablets for my children to play with. The green tablet was a different version than the other two, had a different layout, I'm unsure if it was more updated or outdated but the volume button stuck a week in, and now it's stuck in a boot loop and I can't factory wipe by hard reset due to the busted volume button. It survived about two weeks. The only reason I am giving 3 stars is due to the other two tablets being relatively solid. I do wish I had spent a little more and went with something more dependable.
R133JHR0WTYQPR	3.0	We'll see how it goes...	1	1	Bought this as a Christmas present for my 4 year old sister and I know she's gonna love it. I played around with it to download games before I gave it to her and it did have some pros and cons. Pros: the silicone prtective bumper does come off and underneath is a pretty nice regular tablet, it's actually running Kit Kat instead of Jelly Bean. Cons: the battery life isn't that great, but grated the time I spent on it was downloading apps. The camera quality is eh but it's for a kid, I doubt she'll mind. We'll see how it hold out, at a price of only $60 I cant expect too much but I think it'll hold out for a while at least.
R2VFXOYMC55RZ9	1.0	The tablet performs ok. It ran netflix and multiple ...	3	4	The tablet performs ok. It ran netflix and multiple applications. We could not get the tablet to charge past 26% even after being on the charger for over 24 hours (24 hours was suggested by the manufacturer per the directions) The table had to be plugged in constantly to work but the cord was so short my kids could barely sit at the outlet and play. Also, the charger and plug in port were so cheaply made that anytime the cord even wiggled, it stopped charging. The battery life says it is 4 hours..... I am sure it is only 4 hours if 1. you can get it to charge fully 2. it is just sitting there not being used 3. and def not if you are downloading or streaming. Spend the extra $40 to get a refurbished Galaxy Tab.
R13XLCNVR86WYD	5.0	I just love this tablet	1	1	I received this product at a discount in exchange for unbiased opinion and review. I just love this tablet! It works perfectly for my needs and the needs of my family. I like that it had google play so that my kids and I can play our favorite games on it! I also like that you can take off the silicone bumper sleeve on it as well if you choose to. I also like how easy it is to use the power button and volume buttons easy threw the sleeve as well. Over all I think this tablet is just great, I am happy that I bought it and am so far completely satisfied with it! I would recommend this tablet to everyone!
R2FJ2B2ZWMF9SW	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	HELLO TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS SELLER AND PRODUCT ... A TABLET OF GOOD QUALITY FOR PRICE.
RQ7JGIUYDWEP9	1.0	Cannot connect to wifi or internet	1	1	I ordered this tablet for my son for Christmas. I have been trying for hours to connect it to wifi and my internet so that I can access Google Play to download games but I am unable to. The instruction manual that comes with this device is very small and uninformative compared to devices. I tried searching the internet for troubleshooting help, device installer software, and have even went to the manufacturer's website and no such luck. There is no help for this. This tablet is worthless unless you are able to access the internet including update date and time.
RJBX3AGQ5WAU2	4.0	Very good product for young children	3	4	This is not a high-end tablet, you should not compare it to an iPad or any other more expensive tablets. Having said that, it It works great, the protective case is a perfect fit and it allows you to easily control you tablet (on/off switch, volume control) while protecting you tablet. It has Android 4.0 with Google Store so you can install whatever you want in it. you can use a MicroSD card for expanded memory. It is now super fast but responsive enough, I bought it for my toddler and he enjoys it. It keeps him quite at church and long road trips. You can use the charger that came with it or any USB type B charger.
R231QM3OAWMTVA	5.0	Plus it comes with a durable cover protection which is perfect for kids	1	1	This Tab is a must have, not only my youngest daughter is loving it also myself. I am so impressed! Its a fully functional Wifi Android tablet, you name it! Plus it comes with a durable cover protection which is perfect for kids. So far i don't have any issues with the battery life. After reading the review i was expecting for a poor battery life. But after charging it and was gone for about 3 hours my daughter was still playing it and theres still 60% battery in it. I would recommend this , you won't regret plus the price won't hurt you at all.
R3IGMIYYKAUSOF	5.0	Satisfied Customer	1	1	I purchased 4 of these tablet's for the children in the family for Christmas. I got the red, blue; green and the pink. The children absolutely love their pads. They are small enough for their little hands. The tablet doesn't come setup for children, the parents actually have to do this including an email to download from the playstore. My greatest advice would be to set it up prior to giving it to the child as setup takes some time to complete and an anxious child would grow impatient. This unit can also be used for adults as well,
R3JOKJ3OFMUWPP	1.0	I found the screen resolution to be horrible. Tried playing videos on Youtube	1	1	I bought this for my daughter mainly based on the price point, figuring since she was only three she wouldnt need anything fancy. I found the screen resolution to be horrible. Tried playing videos on Youtube. Although the volume worked fine the video itself was a scribbled mess. Also maybe the touchscreen isnt up to par because I was having to press the same keys over and over again to get a response. Luckily I am still within the thirty day window and hope they don't hassle me too much to return in. I guess it's true you get what you pay for.
R55CF57IKGCTC	1.0	Not Happy With the Orbo Jr. 4BG	1	1	I am not happy with this tablet and will not recommend to anyone to purchase. Purchased this as a Christmas present for my 3 year old and after reading all the directions and charging the battery to full the battery was dead within the hour. I removed the protective sheet for the screen and it appears scratch marks were on the screen making me question if the tablet had already been used or a returned item that was sent to me. Save your money and don't purchase this item because it's not worth the $$$ you would spend.
R3O0Z3G4IDOS75	5.0	Love it although we have a few issues with the ...	1	1	Love it although we have a few issues with the camera, first the camera quality is worst than a child's play toy then recently the camera is showing green like if infrared was turned on but their is no such settings, also note I just noticed the Tablet we received did not come with the Android 4.1 it is actually the new 4.2 Kit Kat besides the different software and the crappy camera works very well my child loves it. Also note we contacted the seller on this one problem they responded back very professionally thanks.
R1CF6580USC16L	4.0	Eh	1	1	We bought this for our son who was 2 at the time because we figured it would get broken. It's an ok tablet for a toddler...the screen is almost holographic... It messed with my eyes. Sound quality was decent. But picture quality could have been better. This tablet lasted 3 months. Screen shattered. But that was by our sons fault, not the quality of it. Overall I'd recommend this tablet to a 2-5 year old. It comes with pre installed games and runs at a decent pace. Would make a good Christmas present for sure.
R3FTV2FIIHRRVA	5.0	Love this little tablet	1	1	Love this little tablet!! I received this at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review. It's pretty awesome. My son has been watching Netflix on it for about an hour, with no lagging or anything. It has a really nice jelly cover that makes this thing look and feel pretty durable. I rated 4 stars out of 5, and will increase to 5 after it's held up. UPDATE: My daughter dropped this, WITHOUT the rubber case on it from her top bunk last night. No scratches, and it's working perfectly fine.
R1HTCEPPBU8B8U	3.0	Good for the Price	1	1	I was able to purchase this table at discount price in exchange for my honest review. Pro... the rubber cover is excellent but get dirty pretty easy, considering is to be used for a kid. The image is very clear also the audio. Easy handle, easy to used. Compare to a Samsung tab is similar , exceptional for just simple gaming. Con... battery don't last longer period, abou and hour or two after fully charged. Take long to get charge.a little heavy for a kid. Is good for the price...
R2O6OUWONCNKGJ	1.0	Bad Product	1	1	Really disappointed. was not offered a warranty and when product was received it already had photos on the tablet that I had to delete for my child after 1 month of play on the tablet it started getting hot and going black white. The photos the tablet takes are of poor quality. Now after 4 months of purchase the product no longer works and we have no warranty to return or have fixed. Extremely dislike this product and makes me nervous to order any electonics in the future via Amazon.
R2VULW16MQIL6X	5.0	Replacement for a previous Orbo Jr. 4 GB 4.1. Five Point Multi touch	1	1	The Orbo we ordered, failed shortly after receiving it as a gift for a Grandaughter. However, the Orbo was replaced without any issue and the new one so far is working fine. Tho no fault of the seller, they stood behind the faulty Orbo all the way to replacement. They are and will be highly recommended by me. Things break down occasionally, to me it is not a crime. They stood behind their product! Hope to purchase again gladly, without any reservation.
R1AL0HYRL9T1LO	1.0	Do not buy	1	1	I started to send it back the day it came. The internet kept disconnecting, the tablet would not stay charged. Last about 1an hour when fully charged. The back of the tablet got extremely hot. Contacted seller and got a reply that stated they would contact me in a day. They didn't.. So I decided to keep it. After a five days I noticed the protective case does not protect it, my son dropped it an it has cracked. There goes $60 down the drain.
R2J1UA9DV95UD9	5.0	Awesome tablet! Very satisfied!	1	1	I got this for my son for Christmas. It's cheap kid friendly android tablet. As soon as we received this my husband installed all the apps we think my 6 year old would like. Turned it on right away and no issues. We are very satisfied we also got one in pink for our 1 year old daughter for Christmas as well. After all the research that we did on tablets this one even beat the Nabi in our eyes! Can't beat the price thinking of getting one of my own!
R1ASU9LKAY3RD	1.0	I do have to say Amazon customer service was very nice and helpful in returning this product	1	1	Bought tablet for my 5 year old sons birthday to help with school, also to give him options of watching movies if he wanted. The charger that came with it didn't work from the start, and after 8 days the tablet wouldn't boot up past the ORBO screen. Followed the reset instructions and still nothing. Returned and will not be ordering another. Now, I do have to say Amazon customer service was very nice and helpful in returning this product.
RXCSK1WWRYVJO	5.0	Great device and easy to use	1	1	This device is great for anyone even adults. I haven't had any issues and I love that I can charge it in my car. I got it for me because my other tablet didn't last me very long and this one is great. It comes with a silicone case to protect it. It is very easy to use. Great price and I added a card to have more memory. The only con was it didn't have a rear facing camera. I received the item at a discount in exchange for a review
R3GA3UX4JGE5J6	1.0	Well it seems that everyone that purchase this tablet have ...	1	1	Well it seems that everyone that purchase this tablet have no problems, well I purchase 2 of them for my youngest grand children sorry to say that all that is on the screens are 2 little birds in the right corner and after a period of time there is a dead android with a red yield sign...so actually my Christmas experience with the 5 tablets that I purchase from Amazon was truly trash........because only 1 out of the 5 is operating.
R3VLTLR3PO5JAS	2.0	Disappointed by Short Battery Life.	1	1	I understand that this is a tablet for kids, but holy moly. The battery on this thing only lasts 1.5 hours max. He's playing games on it, but I feel it should last longer than that. Other than the short battery life, and needing to trim the hole in the silicone sleeve for the charger to stay plugged in, this is a rugged tablet. He doesn't chuck it because we've told him not to but it has been dropped and hasn't broken.
RP5D8GEBO8SWJ	5.0	Awesome product for the price	1	1	So I expected a cheap ugh tablet. You know, the ones you're like should have really bought this? It was on the Black Friday lightening deal for $47 bucks so I was like why not. If it sucks I will send it back. Got it today to try out because I am want to gt my 3 yr old and 9 yr old something as a starter. Anyhow, I love it. It is defiantly a great steal for the lower end tablets. I will be ordering a second one for Christmas!
RTY3AE0PB2JXN	1.0	Do not waste your time and money buying this	1	1	Do not waste your time and money buying this. Got it yesterday and within less than two hours it crashed and is no longer working. The tablet isn't even charging. Had it charging for the night, woke up and it still would not turn on. The screen just went white and looked like some old tv and then it went blank. So very disappointed with this purchase. How do I return this immediately. Worse purchase I have ever made.
R12AYSPY17OY1L	1.0	Company ignored your messages when your having problems with tablet	1	1	It acts very weird makes weird noises and the screen goes white and the android Warning sign came up this happened about five times Im scared it will just break soon, and sometimes it doesn't charge, but when it does it holds a charge for about 2 hours, contacted the company for a refund and they ignored me. It gets one star only because when it's charged and working my daughter loves it, and it hasn't broken yet.
RIKOVL1CWAT5G	1.0	HORRIBLE LOADS OF FLAWS!!! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ITS NOT EVEN WORTH $10.00!!!	1	1	I bought this product from another dealer same manufacture and product but in red for my 8 year old son. This tablet had a battery life of about 30-45 minutes even when you didn't mess with it. It wouldn't stay connected to WIFI it would connect disconnect and reconnect multiple times. I tried several different wifi spots it repeated this problem with every try. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone.
R13B63RX6CLVMU	4.0	Good choice	1	1	Bought it for my grandson who turns 2 on Halloween! Gave it to him early since that day will be a busy day. Stated off by downloading 5 Apps that we thought was age appropriate. He loves it. He learned after showing him one time how to turn it on and get to his app. Right now he won't let anyone show him anything new. Being 2 years old he holds on tight to it and says Mine! I'm glad I purchased it for him.
R3TR62V53KG5A6	3.0	It's ok for the price.	1	1	It's ok for the price. Fine for my 2 year old that just watches Netflix. Not for my almost 6 year old that plays games. Not nearly enough memory to function properly. For my 2 year old I'm happy with the purchase. For my older child, I wish I spent a little more and got a better tablet. And the only thing that makes this a "kid" tablet is the silicone cover. It does not have kid apps preloaded.
R3CJXIAK1MC6MK	5.0	I like this i haven't had a problem but to change ...	1	1	I got this at a discounted price to leave an honest review. I like this i haven't had a problem but to change some settings so my son could watch some movies. He's 2 so that's all he does is watch movies. Battery doesn't last long but they even stated that themselves only thing I don't like is the speaker in the back makes it hard to hear what's playing other than that I like it and he enjoys it 😁
R37VU4HK4YC1KZ	1.0	... 2 of these and they arrived well packaged and perfect condition. The battery lasts 30min	1	1	We bought 2 of these and they arrived well packaged and perfect condition. The battery lasts 30min, maybe. Internet will not stay up. And after they fell off the couch, 1/2 foot drop to the carpet, the screens shattered! They still turn on but we cannot swipe anything on the screen.Our other electronic devices have sustained worse than that without shattered screens and are still operable.
R21BWA0P2HH3AB	1.0	Would not connect to wifi.	1	1	We bought several of these for Christmas presents. I am so glad we tested them first. 6 out of the 7 we ordered would not connect to wifi. Turns out there was a driver missing and after hours of searching online we could not figure a way to get it. We were so disappointed, we returned them. Should you decide to order anyway, be sure to test them. Don't wait and miss the return window.
R34MYGMN514X48	1.0	Don't be enticed by the price!	1	1	Please, don't be enticed by its good price. You WILL regret it. I bought three of these for my children this Christmas and, a month later, none of them work. The ports to plug in for charging are cheap and the plug gets loose so they won't charge, and the power button get jammed with regular use. Definitely NOT for children. The rubber case is nice though. Not too much to play with.
RJKY5HHU7TD80	1.0	the tablet a great thought from his grandmother	1	1	My son got the Orbo Jr for Christmas this past year, the tablet a great thought from his grandmother, it didn't hold a charge to start with, after playing on it for about an hour it needed to be charged... and after about a month of using it it stopped working all together, I tried to research who to contact and could never find any official information. This tablet is junk.
R2RAGFGAZT292W	1.0	Don't waste your money on this item!	1	1	I wanted to download some games for my 4yr old granddaughter. When I gave it to her we couldn't get anything to come up - we were directs from screen to screen. My daughter thought when they got to their home thru could download some different ones. That was over a month ago. They are GOOD with anything technical, but can't get this to function properly. What a waste of $$$
R3S17CND7SEKF0	1.0	Came with a keyboard case... was for ...	1	1	Came with a keyboard case...was for a child's birthday and the silicone protective case was needed. Took weeks,to get the mix up fixed. Birthday was long past. Asked seller for a return label. Never received one so I'm stuck with something I have no use for! :( really NOT suitable for a child anyway, very thin and flimsy...most likely wouldn't have lasted a month anyway.
RK9I5TYUXJI4E	5.0	Learn and Play!!	1	1	My grandson just loves this!! My daughter has been putting games and music on this and keeps him entertained for hours!! She wanted something durable enough he would not break but would enjoy and can learn from. Well this has it all!! Is perfect to start at any age without spending a fortune!! This product was received for the purpose of inspection and unbiased review.
R20YULAH3H99WQ	5.0	This tablet is great! We have a samsung galaxy note and this ...	1	1	This tablet is great! We have a samsung galaxy note and this tablet does pretty much everything our "adult" tablet does. I was under the impression there was no way to expand the storage, but there is a TF card slot so you can!! If you already use android devices this will be second nature to you. We mount this to a headrest and play videos going down the road.
RA2UUYF4WPWK4	1.0	I really wanted to like this. And then I opened the box to ...	1	1	I really wanted to like this. And then I opened the box to charge it and get it ready to wrap. I plugged in the charger and screen when crazy, the device made awful noises and then just shut off. the device is dead. I do early Christmas shopping. What I didn't read was the return policy. I now can't return it. I will be purchasing a Kindle for my daughter.
R8LFSNA9Z3WQI	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Great product! Purchased firmy 3y/o son for Christmas
R1FSDLED6RJIC3	3.0	Three Stars	2	2	Its too slow and many apps freeze when you play them.
RQ3M5GCWFNSMA	1.0	The battery doesnt last...	1	1	The battery doesnt last more than 20mins... I wasnt able to ask for a total refund because it was a gift for a family member that doesnt live in USA so...I waste my money and of course I was embarrassed...it doesnt look good at all a cheap gift. The box was in bad conditions too. Be careful if you want to use it as a gift!
R2VPS288QXHMT6	4.0	Decent Kids Tablet	1	1	Nice tablet for children. Case is durable and thick. Camera is just ok in terms of quality but works for little kids who are learning. Mine does have a front and rear camera. Tablet has full functionality compared to others on the market but it does freeze up frequently (some apps more than others). Decent tablet for the price. My kids love it!
R3FXVS016IVPI9	1.0	A bit iffy!!!!!	3	4	My husband had purchased one in blue for our son and it showed up not working. It turns on but doesn't get off the ORBO screen. We've called around for someone to vi the problem but no one knows what to do. Seller did not provide a return slip or has not answered any of my emails. I'm a bit worried it will not get replaced or fixed. My son is now upset cause he cannot use it!!!!!
R3T10IR88KJ0T0	5.0	We had high hopes but unfortunately this product did not ...	1	1	We had high hopes but unfortunately this product did not meet our expectations nor the product description... Upon setting up I could tell the charger did not fit well to the port... And on the second day of owning it the screen kept blinking on and off or had strippes and distorted images and latter no longer charged... We returned it on the third day
R1EJ9WM546U0A2	5.0	Happiness	1	1	I bought 3 of the Orbo Jr. as birthday gifts for grandkids ages 3, 6, and 7. This has made my life much simpler as they now leave my kindle for me to use. I would definitely buy this product again. Easy to download books and games. So much better than the games requiring cartridges. Kids are happy, I am happy and mom is happy with their Orbo Jr.
R140K79XPVP4CP	1.0	Do not purchase this item! The screen actually shattered ...	1	1	Do not purchase this item! The screen actually shattered while my granddaughter was sitting next to me. She didn't drop it - she was reading while sitting on the sofa when it made a noise and shattered. She had it 30 days!! Instead of going through the hassle of returning, I purchased another - what a mistake! The second one only lasted 45 days.
R2EXFGQY4CA3F3	5.0	awesome product	1	1	i actually bought this for my 9 year old but was highly impressed with everything about the product and intend on buying myself one in the near future :) highest praise on a great product - ps ... this also arrived sooner than expected in well protected packaging - 5 stars for packing and shipping as well :) thank you for being money well spent
R32DALL25LJ6D5	3.0	Not very high quality	1	1	This tablet worked well in the beginning. It is meant for kids, so I was willing to give it a try. After a couple months of use, it has pixilation problems in the middle of the screen. It is definitely not a high quality tablet. If I could do it over again, I would save my money toward a higher quality tablet that can keep up with my toddler.
R3VR9Y9Y9BH5ID	4.0	The main problem i have is the battery life is not all that great. She is happy thou so that is the ...	1	1	Got this for my 6 year old who has been wanting a tablet and i will say she loves it so much the first night she fell asleep hugged up to it and we could not get it from her. The main problem i have is the battery life is not all that great.She is happy thou so that is the main thing. I got this at a discount price for my honest review.
R2WI2QR998NP9P	5.0	My 3 year old grandson was delighted when he saw the box	1	1	My 3 year old grandson was delighted when he saw the box. He asked what is that and I told him that I bought him a "computer" like me. He calls my tablet a computer and now he has his own. He just sits on the bed totally engrossed in play!!! We spend several hours at church on Sundays and this keeps him fully entertained.
R1OR922HNRRAUW	1.0	Do not buy this product	1	1	I own 6 kindled and I seen this before Christmas and thought my 2 year old granddaughter would love it while her siblings played their kindles. This is the worse product I have ever owned. Nobody to call like Amazon has to help you. E mails only, the battery will run down just sitting. And they do not take back and give refunds.
R39JYCICUBRR6	2.0	Two Stars	2	2	Not as nice as I thought, very slow and blurry.
R1T815M08NSDSE	1.0	Only 2 are working well and 2 are very bad. one cannot get connected to internet and the ...	1	1	I bought 4 tablets in December 2014, so my kids and nephews can use during the summer 2015. Only 2 are working well and 2 are very bad. one cannot get connected to internet and the other one needs to be charged continuously . Unfortunately I cannot return them because I bought them more than 6 months ago.
R3BT8LJ64AN9LW	4.0	This tablet is super Awesome! My 3 y/o Son loves his tablet	1	1	OMG! This tablet is super Awesome! My 3 y/o Son loves his tablet! Perfect size for a 3 y/o, toddler or a small child. The rubber case is perfect! I do have to take the tablet out of the case to charge it, but no big deal. The price was awesome and I will be ordering another for my 7 y/o daughter soon! Delivery was on time.
R1QQNHYUCKH4RS	4.0	The bumper is a nice feature, protects it well	1	1	It's functional. Very slow, but that isn't a problem for a child who doesn't understand the speed of technology yet. The bumper is a nice feature, protects it well. Easy to operate and use. I received this discounted for the purpose of an honest review. My opinions are my own and are not influenced in any way.
R3RF73WLY7S6NG	4.0	awesome tablet, broken by pop-up ads	1	1	Love this little tablet and so do the kids. Only problem is that it's hard to find apps that are "kid friendly" that don't have sone type of ads. Ive got it on kid mode with zoodle but even when a pop up ad comes thru one of the apps you can still click on it and it will go through. Other that its a great system
R3CPNAFE3B5K01	1.0	Don't do it!!!!!	1	1	Item was slow terrible screen clarity and stoped working after 2 weeks and I couldn't return becuz I bought as gift and put in storage for easter and went past the return window so my advice stay away from this item I only wished I had read all the reviews prior to purchase if u look this item has a lot of bad reviews.
R3PR76H799Y46N	5.0	They love it	3	4	My children absolutely love their tablets. I ordered two of them and am certainly satisfied with the product as well with the shipping process. The company quickly responded to my emails and helped where they could. the shipping was fast and free. Cant beat that! Awesome purchase. Tablets work properly and download quickly.
R3K9Y5EK75554S	5.0	this is a pretty good tablet	1	1	For the price and for a kid, this is a pretty good tablet. I purchased for my 8 year old niece just for games and to learn the technology and it's gone over very well. I've downloaded several games to it and any issues I had with any of those had to do with the game itself and not the tablet.
R1TAW1KJUI917F	5.0	Grandson loves it	1	1	Great little tablet bought it for my 1 1/2 year old grand son and he loves it now he can watch Barney love that it's got a rubber case it's light weight and the charge holds at least 24 hours great and cheap and lots of apps I did receive this product at a discount for my own honest review
R3IK8FD4XX0D55	3.0	product was what I wanted	1	1	This was delivered a week late package was open and the only thing we got was the orbo jr. All the power cords were gone and the manual. The orbo jr works great and does everything its suppose to. We do charge by our sell phone chargers. Happy with product, not happy with shipping.
R2WAHN6A7DQNQB	2.0	Piece of junk	1	1	The screen is absolutely horrible and my son complains it hurts his eyes. It changes brightness depending on the angle you look at the picture is terrible. The tablet is extremely slow and takes forever to load any app. My son hated it and I ended up getting another tablet for him.
R1NGOS0IDP1IVV	1.0	Lasted long enough for me to purchase and download apps ...	1	1	Lasted long enough for me to purchase and download apps for my son and for him to use it for one night. Turned it off plugged it into the charger turned on the next morning and a non stop orbo flashing screen is all I get. Have attempted to reset with no success. Do not reccomend.
RWTCSTKMPGAJC	1.0	... it out the box i charged it for 6hrs like it says and it was still on 0 i ...	1	1	It doesn't charge as soon as i got it out the box i charged it for 6hrs like it says and it was still on 0 i even tried 3 different chargers and nothing changed the only way my son could use it was pluged up if he took it off it instantly turned off the screen is very fuzzy
RRM2M806FF3P7	5.0	This just looks the best child's "iPad" available	1	1	I did purchase this for a Christmas gift so I have not yet had the opportunity to see what it's all about, but it looks very much like my IPad and may help me keep it as mine ( my grand daughter wants it all the time) . Cannot wait to see her face when she opens this one. TY
RWEN7ZBEJP109	4.0	Great kids tablet.	1	1	Bought two of these for my kids, 5 and 8 for Christmas. Explored one and absolutely love it. Played a video and sound and picture was good. The protective case is great. Came quickly well packaged and in great condition. Am happy with this item. Perfect tablet for kids.
RDHG99KCA0LL9	1.0	Not a good experience at all	1	1	Not a good experience at all, We only had the Tablet approximately 4 weeks and it has had so many issues 1. Charger port would charge sparingly and now it does not work at all, get me once shame on you get me twice shame on me, there won't be a second time that's for sure.
R1K37DZKSB1UG2	1.0	DON"T WASTE YOUR MONEY!	1	1	HORRIBLE purchase. I purchased two for christmas, and one was broken straight from the box, the second on lasted all of 2 weeks and no longer works. I can't return the products either because I am past my deadline. Worst money spent, don't waste a dime on these tablets.
R9UEX2ITWGXVP	5.0	awesome	1	1	I love this tablet, and I can not wait to see how my son lovea it on Christmas! We got this tablet because its kid friendly, and it connects to the wifi so we can start ABC Mouse.com with him!!! We are trying to get a jumpstart on his learning! (For our 2 year old)
R33OXES8EFBBZZ	1.0	Not for children under 6.	1	1	Bought this for my 2 yr old granddaughter because it said it was for kids. It is a regular tablet. The only thing that makes it for kids is the rubber stuff on the outside. They really need to put age recommendations on this. I returned it as soon as possible.
R22CNXE9BIX7JD	5.0	This is a great tablet. I gave it to my granddaughter who ...	1	1	This is a great tablet. I gave it to my granddaughter who is 5. Her 3-year-old sister plays with it whenever she can get her hands on it! It has been a couple months, and no problems with it despite it being dropped a couple of times! Good quality for the price.
R3NIID0J2GK1ZN	5.0	LOVE IT, LOVE IT	3	4	LOVE IT, LOVE IT.... This is a great Tablet. My two Grand daughters that are four, love it. It was easy to set up, download children apps and let them play!! The screen is clear and crisp. Sound is great. I would recommend to anyone. Would buy again for a gift!!!
R2CUDI508HX5HV	5.0	Perfect for road trips :)	1	1	This is awesome! Just what I was looking for to get my daughter! We do lots of road trips and now she can have movies to watch and games to play. Great Suze for kids and comes with a case. Win! I received this at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion.
R177YJ7FDHHUYQ	3.0	Well... I received the item today. ...	1	1	Well...I received the item today. When I open the box, everything looks OK. When I turn on. The screen is kinda hurting my eyes. And after few minutes I start headache. I think I won't let my kids play with this one due to the screen. I decided to return it
R1LN9S4056IVEB	1.0	Very disappointed, poor quality device	1	1	My son has had this tablet for less than a month. He has maybe used it less than 10 times total. The tablet will no longer charge. I would love for someone from the company to contact me to work on a replacement charger or tablet, as this is ridiculous.
R13YGAL6YO3V9V	5.0	Grand babies don't want to put them down.	2	2	Actually, my grand babies love them.
R1S5GYAAWOBN4B	2.0	Not worth the money	0	0	Not worth the money. I wish I just spent the extra $0.54 - $40 and got the older version of the Kindle Fire for my son. My family has 2 Kindles, one for me and one for my husband. My four year old loves our Kindle too. My son has no issues navigating our kindles, but, he gets so VERY frustrated w/ the slow speed of this thing, he never uses it. He still requests to use one of ours instead. I purchased this for $59.95. http://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/B0051VVOB2/ref=dp_olp_used_mbc?ie=UTF8&condition=used PROS: - Thin - Comes w/ kid friendly sage - Colors are bright - Kids can't purchase apps w/o a password CONS: - SLOOOOW! I have tried on multiple occasions on different days and I have not been able to get this tablet to handle playing a song from Amazon music to date. It immediately gives me a warning about the tablet overheating EVERY time an app is opened. Please note this is when ONE SINGLE app is opened. Not when multiple apps are opened. This happens with Skype, ABCMouse.com, even when I open the alarm clock app to set up an alarm!!! This is a huge con and I am knocking down 3 stars for this. - Toddlers (4 yr old) can not easily charge the tablet with the case on the tablet. The case makes it so you have to wiggle the USB charger into the case. - Little Battery Life. This thing will only last about 45 mins before it has to be charged. OF NOTE: A USB cord and wall adapter charger is included. But, chargers are included with all tablets. I am leaving 2 stars on this product since it is still useable for about 45 mins. This is annoying on trips. I suppose it could be a good thing when we are at home because the tablet limits my son's screen time for me. Thank you for reading. I hope this review was helpful for you.
RF2QN6RJLCB62	3.0	My experience after 8 months	0	0	I've now had this product for 8 months roughly, of which I've now had plenty of time to get to know the product and write an accurate review. My first orbo tablet I bought for my daughter was a defect, as the connection from the charger to the tablet literally smoked when it was plugged in, causing the tablet to no longer work (it was brand new and not used yet). I returned it to amazon and was issued a new tablet. Interestingly enough, this orbo jr had a different charger. I have had nothing but problems with it since. The connection gets very lose over time and eventually stops working. Thus causing you to be unable to charge the tablet and use it. I've bought several chargers since, still same issue. It is not a well made product. I personally would have saved my money and bought something else had I known I'd have these issues. The case is frustrating b/c we'd have to take it off everytime to plug it in b/c the hole they created didn't fit the charger properly to actually stay in. This was the case with both orbo jr's I had. As far as the product itself being something your child will like, my daughter absolutely loved it. Obviously you can't download much on it, but she loved being able to use netflix and play games on it. It's user friendly and pretty intuitive with figuring out how to use. It would be nice if they had a lot less of the preloaded apps on it that your child won't use. It takes up a lot of space which is a downside. The quality of the picture isn't bad, good enough for a kid to be happy. It's a shame it's not a better made product, but - you get what you pay for now a days I guess. Even spending $60, you can't seem to have a product that lasts longer than a year. I can't get the charger connection into the tablet to work anymore, so unfortunately I have to now look at buying a new tablet - this time it will be a different tablet.
R2CLQNXHAR1DYX	1.0	Nice Tablet in the beginning.	0	0	Initially when I got this tablet I thought it was great. I was able to install kid friendly apps on it and disable apps like normal. After having it for a while that's when I figured out a few things about it. Something with the rooting of the program went wrong to where the virus protection that I out on there thought that the google app was a virus that needed to be deleted. There are programs that are rooted permantly that otherwise would be able to delete on any other Android tablet. The battery runs down after 30 minutes. And to top it off the rubber bumper did not protect it from a drop. The first time it was dropped the power buttin got out of line with the switch on the inside. Now its useless.
R25DU9JW81DU41	4.0	Good starter tablet	0	0	I purchased this tablet as an upgrade from the Nabi JR for my son. I got more than I bargained for with this! It's advertised as a tablet for kids, but I'm here to tell you that it is just as useful for basically any of your needs as well. Granted, it's not as fast as normal tablets and its storage space is limited but it does exactly as described. It's perfect for downloading kids games and apps and its fast enough for my son. The Orbo Jr Is a lot thinner than the Nabi he was used to, but he didn't really seem to notice. It comes with a protective rubber bumper, which is a necessity for small children, along with a charger and the user manual. It was very easy to start and it comes with a few apps already installed such as Netflix. You can download from either the Google Play Store or there is also another pre-installed Marketplace as well. As a note, if you use anything other than Google to download apps or games, you must change your settings to allow downloads from other sources. I had no problems navigating through the notebook and found it very easy to use. The only thing about this have what I don't like was how quickly the battery drains. It even came with a battery optimizer pre-installed but that doesn't seem to do much for it. You can also take pictures and video on this tablet but the quality is not that great. Other than the battery drainage, I really like the Orbo Junior Android tablet. I can use it for most of my own my needs and my son can play his games on it too. It's basically a win-win situation for both of us, I wasn't expecting to be able to use it as well. I recommend this tablet to anyone thinking about buying a starter tablet, for you or your kids. I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review and opinions. All opinions stated above are mine and not influenced by anyone for any reason.
R19C54YBKGMJTS	1.0	Will make a return	0	0	I was a bit excited to receive the Orbo Jr. I ordered it so my son can have something to call his own, I normally share my devices with him since I do not use them often. The package was sealed and brand new. I opened the box only to find out that the tablet was dead. So I could not play with it in the car like I had planned to. Once I got home I charged up the tablet. I would like to say the tablet charged up to 76% then in about 10 minutes it dropped down to 18%. Now I think this may have been in error, for I did not fully charge the device when I removed it from the charge. I was given a battery life of about 76%. I will wait again to test the battery theory. I was a bit bummed on the memory. The listing states that the device has 4 GB of memory and the device is marked with 4 GB. Upon inspection of storage I have about 200mb or so left, now this is not enough to even download a decent game. To tell the truth I’m not able to download any game at this moment. I then insert a 32 GB and I’m not even able to use this in place of the 1 GB memory that is preloaded on the device. I tried to download a game that my son likes to play called “Order & Chaos” the game will not install at all because unfortunately I do not have the space for it, even though I have a 32gb SD inserted. Overall I feel like the tablet does not meet up to the standards that were listed on Amazon. I was really hoping to download games for my son to play and at this moment I’m not able to do that. I bought the matching bag (which I thought was really cute) to go with his new device, and sadly I may have to return this along with the device. It really makes no sense to have a device that you cannot download apps to. I was able to only delete about 3 preloaded apps that I know my son does not need: skype, google talk and something else. Even after doing that I still do not have enough space to add games. I never leave a bad review (as you can see from my profile) but I felt that I had to voice my disappointment about this device. I wish my son could have gotten some use out of it. The only app that he would be able to use is Netflix. The games that he want I cannot install because I do not have the space to. Where is the 4 GB that is supposed to be on the unit? Looks like some false advertisement just to get people to buy the device. I received this item at a great discount in exchange for my honest opinion. Based off most of the reviews I read, I really wanted to give this a try because I thought it would be something my son would like. The carry bag which is really cute might be used to carry something else instead of the Orbo Jr. I will not be investing in this item again, I feel bad that I have to return something that I was so excited for him to have.
R2G2069EHS9NWN	1.0	Had This For ONE Hour, HIGH temp Warning, 50% Battery Usage.......	0	0	So I only spent an HOUR with this tablet, and I wish I had that hour back. I read all the negative reviews but there were just as many if not more that were glowing. First I will give the positives. The rubber bumper is nice, thick and durable, and its the best thing about this item. These rest however is pure junk. I got the BLUE March 2014 version but I would not trust any version of this substandard product. The software is like a tracfone phone build running android and there are a lot of apps like skype, hangouts, dialer, data usage, maps etc that are not appropriate for a tablet (I doubt this thing could even run skype). I turned this on with 100% battery and it said 10hours of battery life, I turned it off after an hour of light use (never got anything to actually run) and it had less than 50% battery. What a JOKE. I got a CPU high temp warning within the first 15 minutes of BASIC operations. The screen resolution is horrid, ALL glare, you cannot view at ANY angle but straight on. It looks like there is a thick slab of plastic over the screen which is recessed farther back. I never got chrome or google play store to actually open before or after the updates. However their MOBI brand store opened fine (think tracfone graphics) and their substandard browser opened fine. From there it was a buggy, laggy, slow spinning circle nightmare. I was finally able to download plants vs zombies from the mobi app store but it never opened just error messages and ads for other things. I had a $15 virgin mobile phone running android that I gave my young son for just apps/games that worked better than this "tablet". There are good tablets in the $50-75 range from reputable brands that function/look like an ipad compared to this. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. I am just glad that I got this out to look at before I gave to my son who would have been extremely disappointed and frustrated. I got this at a discount (free would have been too much) for an HONEST opinion.
R6GXU93VPLWEI	4.0	Give Orbo a chance	0	0	Before I begin this review, I want to address a previous one star review. The customer seemed "perturbed" that the battery had to be charged every 1-2 hours throughout the day. I read this and chanced it anyway. First of all, don't set high standards for a kid's tablet. Honestly, I don't think anyone should hope their small child's tablet will hold 6 plus hours of entertainment in a day. With that said...I just spent 6 hours at work with my beautiful child and the tablet worked just fine, no recharge. As a matter of fact, the battery reported 15 hours of battery life left (but I think it was just being nice). The manufacturer reports an average of 4 hours which is perfect. Just like any electronic device, battery life will depend on the apps running (yes, you need to close these apps separately), the brightness of the screen, and the battery age. The second issue I had was screen resolution. Not impressive (do NOT expect HD). I found the sample pic exaggerated greatly. If you don't know anything about screen resolution, you will be extremely disappointed. Recommendation? Don't use it. The kids don't seem to mind at all (those under age 10 without a phone). This includes the camera. 1MP. Most current cell phone cameras use 8 or more. Again, my selfie-loving child has yet to complain. At the discounted price offered by Amazon, it's really worth it. Third, why even get it? 1. Downloading apps took a little longer than I liked, but they DID download. I picked 5 games my kids play on my phone. They were thrilled. 2. Lightweight and easy to hold. The cover is great so it doesn't slip out of little fingers. Recommendation: buy a screen protector. Withing days, there are fine scratches that could have been avoided. Despite this, no one notices when playing. Final points...get it. You'll find your sanity. Your children will love you. (ok...no promises, but you never know.) This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R10PRF72AW5ZFT	4.0	I would like to start off by saying that I received this ...	0	0	I would like to start off by saying that I received this product for a discounted price in exchange of my honest review. I have been searching for a reasonable priced tablet for quite some time now. My son is two years old nearing three very soon and he is in speech therapy. His therapist uses apps and games on her tablet to help with his speech, and I have seen that it helps very much. Being on a tablet can hold his interest rather than doing flash cards and worksheets. Once I saw this tablet, and especially for the price, I had to order it immediately. I want to say that this product came very fast and once I opened that package, I was extremely surprised. In the package, was a very nice, solid 7" android tablet with a soft cover, which is perfect for a toddler or even an adult, incase you were to drop it. When I purchased this, I thought it was absolutely just for kids but boy, was I wrong. This is even compatible for me and I'm a 25 year old female. It connects to Wifi, and you can add kid friendly apps, or even apps for yourself such as YouTube, Google, Facebook, etc. which I'm very excited about. I like how this tablet came with a wall charger and a USB charger so you can pretty much charge this anywhere you go if you have an USB adapter. I did notice that this tablet does not have much battery life, but that's ok because I don't plan on letting my soon to be three year old son using it for hours on end, and I don't plan to use it for hours as well. My son was ESTATIC when he opened this package. It is honestly the perfect tablet for a toddler or a young child. Even though it does slow down somewhat when you are using the apps, it is amazing for it's price and I would definitely recommend it to someone on a budget or who has a young child. My son can't get enough of it and his speech has already been improving by working on this tablet for just a few days! If this tablet were ever to stop working on me, I would definitely buy another one. I really like this product!
R201A62O3SCMWU	5.0	Heavy-Duty tablet runs well for children and adult users.	0	0	First of all, WOW! This is a tablet that I wouldn't mind using for myself, however I guess I could let me child have some screen time. This is not your run-of-the-mill, simple children's play tablet and I could not be more pleased that I ordered this. We received our package in two days with Amazon Prime shipping and were able to charge the tablet very quickly with a USB wall charger. I am new to Android but this was easy enough to set up and become accustomed to Google Play and starting setting up apps. As my daughter and I continued to set up the tablet, we discovered that it does operate very slowly when you try to multi-task. "One app at a time", would be the appropriate way to approach tasks you want this device to perform. For a children's tablet, the camera is quite sufficient. This tablet is primarily marketed as a children's tablet so the need for more pixels, better resolution, etc is not necessary. The protective case was what I was most interested in since I didn't want to see this tablet go the way of one before it. The silicone case/bumper/cover is very sturdy. With some stretching, it came off and I found myself using the tablet after my daughter was done. The size, with or without the bumper, is perfect for small-ish hands which makes it a lot more manageable for my daughter to use. Finally, please let me note that I was able to order this tablet at a reduced price in exchange for my honest review. Still concerning price, I would say that the advertised pricing on this tablet is entirely reasonable. This is not just a child's toy; this is something any adult could use once the kids are in bed. It's highly-functional, a decent sized tablet which makes it very mobile, and it operates well with access to as many apps as you can load onto it (one at a time though!)
R19QWAEO47PIJE	3.0	Good price, mediocre tablet...	0	0	I have to be honest, I did not really pay much attention to the reviews when I purchased this item. Once I read them, I immediately regretted my purchase! Oh well. I promised an honest review, so here goes! Description: The tablet is the same light blue as the cover that I chose. There are nifty little labels for each of the ports on the back. The gel cover fit snugly over the tablet and has holes for each port, including the little hole for the sd card. I think it would have been better to cover that hole and have plugs for the other holes so that liquid (drool, for example) could be kept out. On the other hand, if you have a child that mouths objects, port covers could be chewed off and become choking hazards! The tablet has front and rear-facing cameras, and comes with a charger block and cable. Day 1: The tablet had a partial charge, so I plugged it in during setup. Setup did not take too long. I downloaded a few apps, including YouTube (my youngest son's favorite) before my youngest son lost his patience and just had to play with it. The tablet had a 45% charge when I handed it over. My son opened the apps, but spent most of his time playing with the cameras and YouTube. It was dead about an hour later. Because it was a new toy, it never got fully charged on the first day. Fully charged, the tablet only lasts around 4 hours. Like other tablets, open apps cause the battery to drain faster, even when it is not in use. The screen is funky. You have to look directly at it to see it clearly. This wouldn't be a big problem unless you plan on having children share the tablet. I am not sure if the cameras are low quality or if it is just the resolution of the screen, but it does not take great pictures. I downloaded Minion Rush, but deleted it when I got a warning that this app was causing the tablet to overheat. It may have something to do with the fact that I had it on charge when I opened the app, but I did not want to take any chances. In my opinion, this would be an okay tablet for a young child, but not so great for an older child or adult that likes to play for longer periods. Battery life and screen resolution would be a big turnoff for most people. Our family has a Kindle, an iPad, and an Android tablet. This one cannot hold a candle to those! I guess the old saying holds true; you get what you pay for! **I got this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
RN1DAP4182RJA	4.0	I am impressed with the crystal clear screen	0	0	Orbo Jr. 4GB Android 4.1 Five Point Multi Touch Tablet PC. This is a pretty cool little tablet! In fact, even though it is only 7 inches, the screen seems quite large to me. I am used to looking at my 16 inch laptop screen, so I thought that this tablet would seem tiny but it doesn't. I like it's slim design & the fact that I can take it out of the bulky, protective case if I want to. The case is cool, too. It just depends on where I am & what I'm doing, as to whether I would need it. I don't have kids, I got this for myself & so far, I really like it. This is my third tablet, (I did not like & returned the first two) & so far, so good! I am impressed with the crystal clear screen & it is a lot faster than I expected, which is nice. This tablet seems to have all of the bells & whistles that one would need in a tablet for average use. The description says that it only has one camera but mine has two, so I'm not sure what's up with that. Also, there IS an HDMI port, just no cable included with it. I will mainly use it for checking email & surfing the internet when I prefer to be on the couch or in bed & don't want to drag my bulky laptop around the house. I also want to use it to watch movies in the car. I still have to play with it more, to learn how everything works & get it customized with all of the apps & such that I want but I like it. The touch screen keyboard in it is a lot easier to use than I expected. I am not a cell phone person, so I am not as proficient with tablets, apps & such as your average bear but this little guy is user friendly & I don't see myself wanting to send it back like I did with the last two tablets. I guess the third time really is a charm! I purchased this product at a discount during a promotion for testing & review. This is my honest opinion.
R26KLFXPM118E7	2.0	Tough exterior and made for kids well but the functionality is useless as it does not work.. Cannot access anything.	0	0	I am not sure if I like this tablet at the moment. Its strange to me how some things work and some just wont. The presentation and design of it is AMAZING! It has a bumper like case that is included already on it when it arrives which is perfect for my little boy to use since he is so young and would damage it otherwise. The screen has high pixels and looks wonderful, high quality as is the colors and vibrancy of it when on. The buttons on the sides are easy to push with the case on, no issues at all with that. It even has a camera with the case being made to use it with as well. What I am concerned about though is the apps and way it works. I have tried to use it everyday since it arrived and still have not been able to access google play store on it. I am by no means electronically illiterate and no what I am doing for sure, wifi set up perfectly etc, but it just wont work for many apps that are already downloaded onto it and ones I want to download onto it. Since I cannot access google play to download some apps that would be age appropriate for my son I turned to just using the ones already on it...bad move since after looking through it there are no kids apps. Nothing for kids to do on it unless I can download some. So at the moment my son is not touching it. If I were rating it on just the quality of the device regarding exterior and design it would be 4-5 stars because it really is perfectly made for kids. They can beat up on it and throw it and it still will never break, 100% TOUGH! But if I were rating it on function and things to do, the way it worked I would say 1 star at most. So therefore I will give 2 because its useless unless we can actually USE it. I hope I can get this fixed and if I do I will update this review. I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
RYEH93DCWCL70	4.0	Good Price, works well, great tablet for a child or beginner tablet for an adult.	0	0	My daughter has gone through two $100+ tablets since Christmas and the last one lasted exactly 29 days, so I decided to give this ORbo Jr. 4 GB tablet a shot. I figured it is inexpensive enough that if I had to replace it soon, no harm no foul right? She is almost a teen so I figured this tablet might be way too young for her so I would have to convince her 6 year old brother to swap with her often. However, I am really impressed with this tablet. First of all let me say that besides the rubber blue case, this is NOT a children's tablet. It is an Android Jelly Bean Tablet as in if I want it to be a children's tablet I can add children's apps. However, I can use it as an adult tablet instead or in addition to using it as a children's tablet! SCORE! Now, I do realize it only has 4 gb of storage which isn't a lot in the grand scheme of things, but it comes with room for expansion which is all I need in the long run. Whether I use a mini usb or not is no biggy to me. Here's the skinny: This tablet takes more than a minute to charge but the way our family operates this has zero effect on our life. I charge all of our electronics at a hub at night while I sleep and in the morning I disconnect them. None of the children are allowed to use a tablet until after school when homework is complete and they are limited to under 2 hours a day. So, it holds battery power plenty well enough for them to use this adequately daily, and it is fully charged by the time I awaken in the am. Now, if I need to use the tablet to do my work during the day, I do top off the charge when I am done, but thus far we have had zero issues with this holding power long enough for a child to use it. Honestly, how many parents let their children use electronics more than a couple of hours a day anyways? As an adult, even on super busy days, I wouldn't use a tablet more than that unless I were in the office working. Now, let me specify this tablet has more than 2 hours of battery life on it; it has four to be exact. Many people complain about that battery life, but this tablet is so inexpensive in part due to the life of the battery. If you don't believe me, research to buy a new battery for a 16 GB Android Jellybean. I have, just recently and it cost more than this tablet! This tablet is cited as a children's tablet, and most of my friends limit children's usage to an hour a day. I am not that strict, but I certainly don't allow 4 hours a day! The point is there is more than enough battery life on this tablet for even an adult to get a long amount of use with it! If you want to use it as an adult, you can take the case off so it looks like a regular tablet, but I personally like to keep the protector on regardless so that if a spill, fall or bump happens it is protected. As with all Android tablets, this is Google Play accessible so you can get so many different apps, games and more, many of which are free or cost very little. The most expensive game I have purchased from Google Play was Minecraft, a super popular game, and it was less than $8, many apps and games being under $3 in my experience. It comes with a rear camera, so you do exchange some amenities for price on this tablet, but seriously, how many selfies does a child need to take? I don't know, I merely ask my child this daily, because she is addicted to taking pics of herself. This has been a pleasant surprise as far as tablets go, and I would purchase another one, or even recommend it for friends! ****Disclaimer: I received product at promotional price in exchange for review. All opinions stated here are exclusively my opinion*********
RP2WHLFD9BMEN	1.0	Dead battery, no room for apps, have to use their app store - JUNK!	0	0	We purchased this as an Amazon daily deal and it seemed like a good idea: $45 for a kid's tablet. I didn't really expect much, but I wanted to give my kindergartener a tablet of "his own" to play a few apps and do his Reading Eggs. Really, at that price point, I didn't expect a great resolution screen and super fast processing - just something basic and resilient that my little boy could have for himself. (Because we are not the 'I'm going to buy my kindergartener an Ipad kind of family'.) So, we received it and opened it up. Instructions are pretty minimal. We got it all charged up and my husband tried to add some apps. Amazon apps seemed to work ok at first, but then would crash when it started to download. My husband had to resort to using the Orbo proprietary app store if he wanted to download something. This was definitely a negative as we didn't want to add another place to purchase apps besides Google Play and the Amazon App Store (especially since we had purchased full copies from these aforementioned e-stores.) So, he managed to get two of the free versions of Angry BIrds apps from THEIR store. And then it was full. Seriously, two apps put it at 99% memory full. Really?! We let our son play for a few minutes, then it was dinner time and he put it away. The next day, I decided to reward him and let him play for a little while. He picked it up and told me it wouldn't turn on. What? Okay, maybe he never powered it off and the juice ran out. I plugged it in and got it charged. When I noticed that the battery was full later that evening, I unplugged it. The next day, I handed it to him and told him that I charged it and that he could play with it now. He took it to the family room and played for a little while. A very little while. Around 10 minutes, maybe less? And came in and told me that it turned off. I took a look at it, tried to turn it on and then plugged it in AGAIN. Yes, the battery was dead after a few minutes of use. That was the last straw and I returned it to Amazon. Fortunately, they are easy to work with. Once again, I didn't have high expectations, but I did expect it to have a battery that could take a few hours of use and enough space to add more than two apps. What we received was JUNK and ended up with a very disappointed little boy.
R23I34E0C2VQ5F	1.0	!!!!!!WARNING DOES NOT FUNCTION ANYTHING LIKE AN ANDROID PHONE!!!!!	0	0	This was the biggest disappointment of my kids Xmas. Thought it would be similar to an android phone and be able to play any game on the Internet or at least one game! The tablet exited the games that require any form of Internet connection after an average of 15 seconds and I know it wasn't my internet because when we switched them out with the cheapest samsung tablet that is twice the price of this product it worked great. This product lost a fully charged battery after just 30 minutes of fighting with the tablet to let you even play a game without closing. The real kicker about it all was it was purchased almost 30 days prior to Xmas so the 30 day return period was up before they had much of a chance to try them out and they weren't even back from their winter recess before the 30 days was up. We even tried bringing the tablets to my office to see if they would work with a high quality router that is also backwards compatible so it shouldn't cause any issue with the ability to use the Internet because it doesn't exit games that don't require an Internet connection. I thought that would actually be somewhat of a nice feature if we gave the tablets to our 2 year old because he is fine with toddler apps. So I was thinking hey this isn't that big of a deal at least my little guy can feel big like his older brothers. Disappointed again by this product because the battery no longer holds a charge for more then a few minutes. This wouldn't be a big deal but I am not about to let a 2 year old have an electrical cord that he could easily unplug in a few seconds and shove in his mouth if I turned my back for just 5 seconds. This wasn't a coincidence either because it didn't happen to just one of these tablets but to both of the tablets I bought for my boys. I feel wrong even giving this product a single star because it is complete crap and at most is worth a half a star! Thank you gift cards for Xmas that helped pay for the replacements because not everyone can afford to buy the expensive tablets and luckily Samsung has one that isn't much more than this one is. It will not save you money buying this product in the short run and obviously the long run either because these tablets don't last even a month of light use. This product will bring nothing but frustration and heartbreak for not just your kids that thought they would finally be able to play some simple online games like their friends get to but also to a toddler who no longer gets to pretend to be big like his older brothers because he can't even get the tablet to hold a charge long enough to play the most simple game. I could rant on about how terrible this product is for days but I am pretty sure I have expressed the poor quality of this product even with the low expectations I had in it being able to play more advanced games due to the lower price. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!
RNFY2Z7YT7487	1.0	Promising but ...	0	0	We bought these tablets (2) for our daughters for christmas to replace their old kindles (the new HDX7 kindles are expensive). Our decision was solely based on how it was marketed, you have no luxury of trying even a dummy one when buying online. Also, the price was more than pleasing to our wallet (less than $100 for both). These tablets are truly nice looking, light and child-color friendly, and fun to hold. For kids (or adults) that have not used a tablet before such as kindle, this will be a very good start and initiation into the world of tablets. Aesthetics aside, they're slow to boot and process pretty much any app on it very slowly. Some apps that are compatible with the any android are not supported by Orbo which makes it very frustrating (e.g. Amazon). The content colors are dim even at the highest settings (they look blurry). Their app market is not as responsive either as the Kindle or Play Store, the navigation process is complex for novices like my family. If they could just improve the processor, improve on color appearance/scheme, make it easy to navigate and find apps including from the android world (and also support them), and finally, make the Orbos faster even on wifi setting, then I would highly recommend the tablets. BUT FOR NOW, and am not an electronics whiz, the little I know to operate and navigate small gadgets and use them to surf the web, play games, watch movies, use interactive learning games for children, Orbo falls far short. Because of that, For now, am sorry, I do no recommend Orbo. It is a good start though, assuming this is their (Orbo's) first trial at tablet making. We were too frustrated using and navigating the Orbos that we returned both the following day after a few hours of wanting to find a reason to keep them.
RV0CAOOX3PN86	5.0	Seems like a pretty cool system	1	1	Seems like a pretty cool system. The only downside I noticed so far was the USB cord was bent at the end (the metal). I see this as being a problem in a while. Other than that pretty cool. I received this product at a discount for an honest review
R2MCI6IXXXIHO6	4.0	Awesome for the price	1	1	Awesome for the price. Great for kids. The protective case kinda sucks cuz it's so thick, the charger won't stay plugged in. But that's nothing a knife couldn't fix. My son is gonna love it come Christmas morning. Shipped to my house very quickly.
R14J8H4RR104H4	1.0	For real a waste of money	1	1	Turned on once was able to download a game for my daughter. Kinda ran slow but could deal with that. Plugged it in to charge then wouldn't even turn back on! For real a waste of money.. I'm returning the product. Don't waste your time or money
RHFWY8EEXG5KB	2.0	Perfect for the kid you like the least!	0	0	First and foremost, ignore the crossed out $199 price tag that Amazon is for some reason letting these crooks display on their website. This tablet has never and will never be a $200 quality tablet. You basically get what you pay for here, which is a $60 tablet that functions like you would expect from a $60 tablet... And that's not good. Especially when these are clearly advertised for you to buy for your child. If your child is under the age of say 3, this might be an appropriate first tablet. Children older than 3, or ones smart enough to know a piece of junk when they see it, will likely just hate you for being so cheap. The battery life is abysmal. If your child gets 2-3 hours of play before it dies, they will be lucky. Similarly, the amount of time the battery takes to charge just as terrible, if not worse. It has virtually no storage space, so you'll spend most of your time trying to convince your child that they have to erase games they have no interest in erasing. And chances are once you get something new installed, it's going to run so slow that it's virtually unplayable. The only reason I gave it a second star is because it hasn't entirely died as of yet, and because miraculously it's reasonably sturdy when it comes to being dropped/abused in ways that most young children handle their toys. So again, you're basically getting exactly what you pay for. A cheap tablet at a cheap price. If you are generally trying to buy something for a child you actually care about, spend another $40 and get them a legitimate tablet. These people posting 4/5 star reviews must really dislike their kids.
R1570ATYTUAOIZ	5.0	It is perfect she can view Netflix or youtube while on wifi ...	3	4	Bought the tablet as a b-day gift for my 1 yr old for traveling. It is perfect she can view Netflix or youtube while on wifi or downloaded videos on the road to keep her calm. Still need to download educational apps that she can interact with.
R39S6QDY9K1DMS	1.0	used not new	2	2	Came used with scratches in screen
RB13RK8GYT66T	1.0	Really disappointed. Had issues the minute I opened it	1	1	Really disappointed. Had issues the minute I opened it. Tired to charge it overnight.. no luck. I had a special occasion for my son and chose this as a gift.. but since it could not function.. had to return it VERY VERY proactively...
RD453Z5GMK0SW	1.0	Total piece of crap. Horrible picture and sound quality	1	1	Total piece of crap. Horrible picture and sound quality, barely any space...downloaded a couple apps and it was full...I used for about 20 minutes and decided to send it back and get the amazon fire instead. This is a waste of money
R39JFN0P48D935	1.0	Terrible do not buy	1	1	I U ally read reviews and do listen to them but listen to this I bought this I loved it then a week or two later the charger did not work it's happening to everybody's do not buy its terrible it stinks it is worse then rotten bread
RSJ01T6H8TSIV	4.0	Overall not-the-best but for the price it's sure not bad!	0	0	I got this tablet for myself - and I'm 24. It's not a top-of-the-line tablet, but for the price it's not a bad deal! It's not the fastest tablet in the world, but it's fast enough to stream Netflix just fine. I updated several of the apps that were on there, and the download didn't seem excessively slow (even with multiple apps downloading). This tablet comes with only the basic Android apps installed, so you will need to load it up with apps yourself. The screen isn't the highest resolution, but it's not bad. For some reason I have trouble looking at it in portrait mode, but it looks fine in landscape. The cameras aren't the best, but kids probably wouldn't care - it's made to be a tablet, not a camera. There are front and back cameras. It only has 4 GB built-in memory, but it does have a microSD slot, so you can always expand. I would rather the speaker be on the front of the unit, but it works. The headphone jack being under the silicone bumper is a bit odd, but that could be easily fixed with a carefully placed hole in the bumper. And the bumper does come off easily if you're an adult and don't want it, but I like it... It makes it more comfortable to hold. ;) Overall this tablet is not-the-best but functional in just about every way. It's marketed as a kid's tablet, but there's no reason an adult on a tight budget couldn't use it. And time will tell how the battery holds up, I'll update if that gives up on me. Disclaimer: I received this item at a discounted rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
R102R1D5VRQJ3R	3.0	I and my daughter were pretty excited to get this in the mail only to ...	0	0	I received this product at a discounted price for my honest review. I and my daughter were pretty excited to get this in the mail only to be disappointed in the end. I followed the instruction in regards to charging it stating on the manual to charge it roughly 6 hours before first use and that the battery icon will indicate when its charging and that it will turn green once its charged. None of that happened. Been charging the tablet for more than 6 hours and it never indicated that it was charging. I had to go to settings to see the status of the batter. when it finally says "100% charged" no battery icon turned green as said in the instruction. And when we turned it on it first gave us an icon of android with a warning symbol (who knows what that means) and froze there for a long time before actually rebooting. I contacted the seller first in regards to this matter and told me to contact chromo inc. directly and so I did. The person i spoke with via email asked me for the proof of invoice and told me to send it to the address provided. Not apologetic in any way and didn't even offer a free shipping label or what ever. Although the tablet is usable right now, charging but who knows how much its charging the battery and dies quick and who knows how long this product will last. Screen resolution isn't great but manageable to watch from. Over all, the product is great for kids. My daughter loves it. Now that she has her own tablet and doesn't have to borrow our ipads, phones. If this product didn't have such problems I would recommend it. It's affordable and kids friendly.
R2R2G6TFNPXKKH	5.0	A very nice tablet for my nephew	0	0	The Orbo Junior Android Tablet is remarkable. I feel this way because it reminds me so much of my own tablet. When the tablet arrived, it was inside a beautiful box with a picture of the tablet on the front. The tablet looks exactly like the picture on the box. The tablet was already inside the thick silicone protector case. I removed the tablet to get it out of the packaging sleeve and remove the screen protector. The tablet was easy for me to put back inside the silicone case. I turned on the tablet and it was already fully charged. It has lock screen, which I thought was cute for the junior tablet. It comes with a built in webcam just like my android tablet. This tablet has some of the same of the same apps as my android tablet. The tablet is touch screen and it is user friendly. The tablet has a HD display which is a great size for my nephew and his little finger. I am not to overly concern about him dropping the tablet because of the case. The sound quality is great along with the capability of Wi-Fi connection. I must say that the silicone case fits perfectly around the tablet and the volume controls and on and off buttons are easily accessible unlike other cases I have used. The tablet comes with instructions, a wall charger and a USB cord to connect with your computer. Overall, I am very satisfied with the quality of the case. I know that my nephew will have a great time using the tablet to play his games because he is very tech savvy. I would recommend this tablet for everyone. I received this tablet for a great price in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
R3IR72TEYYXWHD	5.0	Great Tablet @ a GREAT price	1	1	Bought for granddaughter for Christmas and she(4 years old) loves it and it works great. It's been such a great purchase that I bought 2 more for my 2 nieces (6&8). Thanks Orbo Jr. for such a great tablet for the little ones.
ROT0WJB10P2QI	5.0	but so far everything is perfect. true to size and color	1	1	Came earlier then expected. My 3year old loves it . I don't know how the battery life is yet because I limit her play on it for 2hours a day and have 5 apps on it . but so far everything is perfect . true to size and color
R5EZ6Z0ZMWX95	1.0	The device stopped working after two months of use	1	1	The device has stopped working. After one month, it was no longer holding the charge. After two months, the display shakes while connected to the charger, and is completely unusable. We have tried with different chargers.
R275ZAMLIMJ1VH	2.0	A very low-end tablet with poor display, not suitable for children.	0	0	Given the Orbo Jr. was only $60, I knew it was going to be a "cheap" tablet, but did not expect it to be as bad as it was. The TN panel is about the worst display I have seen since early 2000's. Viewing angles are extremely terrible, any slight movement (10-15 degrees) causes half of the display to either wash out or become difficult to view due to the inversion of colors. There is also a very high amount of reflection from the display which interferes with text and makes it difficult to read. The display creates a strain on the eyes, after using it for only 15 minutes I felt the strain and decided that I would not give this to my children. The Android Jellybean (4.1.2) OS is good, I have no issues with the OS. However, I would not say that the tablet software has been setup/modified for children. I had to make the OS "kid friendly" by tweaking things here and there. There was no "kid mode" setup. In fact, this is not something you could just had a child without first verifying all the settings. Did not find and software/games for children pre-installed, but it does have the standard Google Play (account needed) to install apps. They also include their own market app which downloads and installs apps (sideloads apk files, did not investigate the download sources). Overall, the display is was what killed this tablet for me. I purchased 2 of these (one for each child) because of the low cost. I will now buy a better tablet with a higher quality display and let the kids share.
RRZ5ZBXVE3TN2	3.0	It has a nice and form fitting silicone cover that helps keep it ...	0	0	I was really excited to get this tablet because my husband had been mentioning that I should get one for our toddler for learning games. When I opened it I was excited to get it set up and going for her. It has a nice and form fitting silicone cover that helps keep it from receiving too much damage since it is for kids. I plugged it in and found that the connection was not quite "tight" and that the cord needs to be positioned in such a way that it doesn't move while charging. Once it was charged and I started setting it up I noticed that it didn't pick up my wi-fi signal like it should have, even when sitting right next to the modem/router. When it does make the connection and an app can be downloaded it takes what seems longer than usual or in comparison to my Galaxy S5. The battery seems to get hot quickly which turns the device either completely off or puts it in cool down mode where you have to shut down all the apps and programs. Since this is for kids, my toddler specifically, this is not really conducive to a good learning device for her. It does not have a "Kids" mode or app setup in which to enable/disable certain apps and features of the tablet. Otherwise, the tablet is a nice size for a small child and the graphics are good. Its colorful and I really like the silicone cover that comes with it but I'm not sure that this would be a purchase I would be completely happy with had I not received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review. These experiences are completely my own.
RXYS176MAXNPK	1.0	The tablet heats up quickly and then the screen turns ...	1	1	The tablet heats up quickly and then the screen turns into grey matter (except in color) and you have to turn it off and leave it off for a while before you can turn it on again and the screen to be back to normal again.
R3UY0TMIFCFMVN	3.0	Good for child	1	1	I think this item will be fine for my child. The graphics are definitely behind. But the purpose of this is to be a toy that my child can play a few games on. I think it will do just fine for that, but not for an adult.
R3J8RT620IMGI5	1.0	Wouldn't recommend it	1	1	It doesn't work well gets stuck and freezes and it feels like it had a virus tons of pop ups ND we haven't downloaded anything on it I try to r turn it but we only had 30 days but my son only used it a few times .
R3EWHLD8GWUBBQ	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Awesome experience all around!
R317G7C0CVYR9P	2.0	A little lackluster for this family.	0	0	After lots of research through the holidays, we landed on the Orbo Jr. because of is price, size, and good reviews on Amazon for our (then) 6 year old kiddo. After owning it for now 2 months, I am very unimpressed with the product. It constantly needs charged, and has to be in the plug -just right- to continue to a full-charge, which is a daunting task for children to understand. You also have to take the rubber casing off of it to access the plug, which leaves it unprotected while sitting on the charger for hours. It also has little to no parent controls, which is why I looked at a product like this one instead of going to an iPad mini or Kindle for Kids. I do like the rubber case, color (red), and its usability (it reminds me of a low-grade android with a thick screen on it), but it is a constant battle to keep it alive and to monitor our son's usage, because we had to set our own rules for downloading and deleting apps (amongst other rules), which 6 year olds apparently find extra cool and they know how to do from using iPhone's and iPads. We also purchased an Orbo tablet case from eBay, which I highly recommend. Had I seen the product in person before purchasing, I would say it should be for children 5 and under, or a very first tablet introduction. We will likely only hang onto this for another year or so before upgrading to a tablet more parent/child user-friendly and better charging, and maybe something a little more reputable. You can't beat the price, however.
R3URFLGR0NKMZ8	1.0	A complete bust	1	1	I bought this for Christmas in September. My kid opens it, all excited, and we charge it over-night, Next morning--it does not turn on at all. A complete bust. I cannot return it now. Money down the drain.
R1JI73KLVR9AV1	3.0	... this product more than one time my daughter really liked (5year old) it but the first one i purchased ...	1	1	i bought this product more than one time my daughter really liked (5year old) it but the first one i purchased did not work properly from the beginning.... i tried to exchange it and was told it was too late
R3S417JG0QG65B	5.0	Very satisfied. I just ordered this last night and its ...	1	1	Very satisfied. I just ordered this last night and its here already. I tinkered with it a bit and it runs fast. Its a cute little tablet and Im sure my sons going to love it. Thanks for the great experience.
RX1VLY1BVG5QK	1.0	Wouldn't turn on a lot of times!!	1	1	Battery not good, had a lot of trouble getting this to turn on every day. Owned for 10 days, returned to Amazon. Would not recommend. Buy a more reputable name brand product! Don't waste money on this one.
R3H9K7IW45V54W	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Great product! Super delivery
RR8YIQJU6XD29	5.0	Love love love	1	1	I got this with a discounted price, but will buy an additional one at full price for my daughter. Kids loved it! It has held strong to my toddlers dropping it and stepping on it. Keeps them off my phone.
R1QA4QGDKDQZZB	1.0	Terrible	1	1	If you work hard for your money Do Not Waste It On This. I wish I could give it No Stars. From shippng duration to the product itself this is without a doubt The Worst Purchase I've ever made on Amazon.
R2T7VDD2UJDGUV	1.0	Very very disappointed. I have high speed internet and this froze ...	1	1	If I could I would give this no stars. Very very disappointed. I have high speed internet and this froze up every 2 mins. Spend the extra $ get a good one ! Also it broke a week later even with case on.
RCDWYE9H7KN1P	2.0	waste of money...	1	1	Battery die to fast and always freeze up....
R214FTP2NK99TD	3.0	Not what i was expecting.....	0	0	I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest opinion. This packaged arrived very quickly and was packaged well. The instructions stated to charge this device fully which would take around 6 hours initially. Also stated The battery icon would turn green when fully charged. After 8+ hours the battery icon was still not green. I turned on the device to check the percentage to see if fully charged. Before I could even see the battery percentage I was having trouble with the device turning on correctly. Back to the Instructions. I was then surprised with the instructions wording where it seemed this was a common problem. There were two different ways to try to fix this problem listed. I tried both and after multiple times the device was finally on properly. Not at all what I was expecting. This item was identical to a tablet one of my children previsouly had which I was not a fan of. I don't feel the child I bought this can navigate through properly. I am going to let my eldest use this tablet instead and look for something different that is more child friendly for my younger child. I do really like the case with this product though! Feel it's perfect for harder abuse from younger clumsy ones! I gave it 3 stars only because maybe my expectations were to high of this product to begin with and I don't want to under rate it but I was thinking only two stars.
R2F70ZQL2Q1LCR	4.0	I do like the whole idea of a tablet for the little ...	1	1	I bought this as a gift for my granddaughter and haven't given it to her yet. Her birthday is next month. I do like the whole idea of a tablet for the little ones to get them used to the process.
RVITVFIUZL8X0	2.0	Don't buy	1	1	Super slow operating system. Takes forever to load YouTube and Netflix camer sucks. I understand its a kids tablet but man not even the kids want to use it because it's so slow loading everything
R3QYRV8QHJ168S	5.0	he is going to love this! I'm still setting it up but it's ...	1	1	It's a Christmas gift for my son, he is going to love this! I'm still setting it up but it's a full functioning tablet. Also I ordered Friday afternoon and it was delivered Sunday mid afternoon.
R39NMGZ2I4HHEQ	3.0	Decent tablet for kids. Blue Tablet might have problems.	0	0	I gave these to three of my kids for Christmas, and they have used them daily to play games. These were purchased with the intention that they would only be playing games on and not using other apps. This is a decent tablet for kids. Yes, the battery doesn't last long, but a little kid shouldn't be glued to electronics all day, so charging the battery forces them to take a break. I purchased three of these from the same seller (seems like the only seller of these on amazon), one red, one blue, one pink. These aren't the highest quality tablets, and don't have a whole lot of memory, but a memory card is cheap and the quality is fine for a kid. Screen is good and tablet starts up faster than my Nexus 7 does. I actually had to return the blue tablet because I couldn't connect with Google Play and the screen wasn't as responsive as the other two colors I'd purchased with it. Seller was quick to give a full refund after I returned it. I didn't have the option of ordering a replacement instead just returning, which was a bummer since I had to order the second blue one for more money. The second blue sometimes has a hard time turning on (i.e you have to hold the power button down for 5-10 second until the "Orbo" screen comes on). The pink and red tablets have no problems turning on. If it weren't for the difficulties with the blue tablet(s), I'd give FOUR Stars.
R1788BAGI8FTI0	1.0	Slow. Laggy. Big Headache.	0	0	Very disappointed in this tablet. I read many reviews and took a chance thinking that they were expecting a lot out of a childrens tablet. I received this tablet today and my daughter was so excited to play with it. It was near impossible to get anything to download to it. Over 25 minutes just to get a simple game to download. It kept saying Connection Error, retry. I triple checked to make sure it wasn't my Wi-fi that was causing the problem. We even tried YouTube just to get a video so she could watch but it was just loading the entire time. No video would play at all. It was so incredibly slow and laggy. I wasn't expecting anything super fast but at least something that my child would be able to watch some videos on or play a few simple games. But none of that was possible on this tablet. It ended up just being a huge headache. I will say that the blue one we received is a beautiful color. I was definitely happy with that. The box it comes in was well packaged so no damage was done. The case that comes with it is nice for a bumper to keep it from getting too damaged. The problem is that the charger won't stay plugged in if the case is on, it doesn't fit. I received this tablet for a discount for providing my honest review. I am sorry that it wasn't a better experience. I was really hoping for the best.
R14R155ERCZB88	5.0	Sufficient power for the games kids want to play	0	0	My 5 year old has child targeted tablet that she enjoys playing with, but it is too old for her to play the games she wants. It lacks sufficient processing power. When I saw this tablet, I noted the memory (4GB) and operating system (Jelly Bean) and thought that it would potentially be a good replacement tablet for my daughter. We ordered it and checked it out. While the 4GB memory is on an SD card, it doesn't appear to be replaceable or upgradeable. There is a slot for a microSD to upgrade. The most important thing was that it can handle Minecraft, which is what my daughter really wanted to play! AND, unlike her other tablet, the Google play store is installed and functional. (Her other tablet had a proprietary store that crashed all the time). The tablet is thinner than her other tablet, so I worry it isn't as sturdy, but I'm not going to have her throw it on the floor to find out! It is definitely sturdier than our Nexus 7, but not as fat as a Funtab. I noticed some other reviewers complained about the slow charge times. For some reason, the included wall charger is only half a watt. We plugged the USB port directly into a USB outlet and it charged much faster that way. I would definitely recommend this tablet as an affordable kid-friendly tablet. I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
R3S4BBXSGL3L07	1.0	ORBIT JR'S ARE JUNK..DO NOT BUY	0	0	As I began to set my Google account up on my Orbit tablet #1 it began freezing up so i sat it aside to return for a replacement.Then I began to set my Google account up on tablet #2,I was able complete my Google account set up BUT as i began to open the already installed apps on my #2 tablet it immediately began slowing down it got so slow it would not allow me to do any kind of management such as shutting it down to try to reset it I was unable to download or upload anything at all.By now it is completely frozen.I am pissed off and I am very disappointed that Amazon would even sale these piece of s*** tablets.I purchased these 2 Orbit tablets as a gift for my 2 granddaughters,I am very upset that my granddaughters were disappointed over something so ridiculous as Amazon risking there reputation by saleing junk to make a dollar.I owned 2 tablets for a total of 3 hours and within those 3 hours I have had to get 1 packaged back up to be returned and 1 that has completely crashed 2 OF THE SAME NAME BRAND TABLETS,IDENTICAL TO ONE ANOTHER,WHAT ARE THE CHANCES OF THIS HAPPENING,ITS CALLED GARBAGE HELL.Of all the electronics I have owned in my lifetime even ones I've had a time figuring out I can guarantee that this is one experience I have had to learn from,from now on I WILL my instincts instead of what may seem like a real bargain.
R2K9TUT9EJYMKC	5.0	I wasn't overly happy with the amount of time it took for it ...	0	0	I ordered this for my 9 year old son for a Christmas present this year. After reading the reviews I was beginning to think that maybe I had made a big mistake! I wasn't overly happy with the amount of time it took for it to arrive. Amazon had said it was shipped right away and I think it took like two weeks for it to arrive even though it had 3 day priority shipping from the seller. The package it was in was also almost ripped open when it finally showed up. However, this has been a great tablet!! It was almost already fully charged when it arrived so I didn't even need to give it a full charge. It hasn't been slow in any of it's operations like others said it was. I will agree that the camera isn't so great, but that isn't why I bought it so that really doesn't matter to me. I did purchase a 32 GB micro sd card for it. My son has everything on this tablet. A whole slew of games, youtube, netflix, pandora, you name it, he has it on there. There are times when the battery drains more quickly, but it just kind of depends on what you are doing. Some of the games seem to take more power than others. This really is not a big deal either. I don't think that my son needs to be on it for hours at a time. I am very happy with this purchase. For the price, this tablet has been everything we wanted out of it and more.
R1DFLNXUL6EB78	4.0	Good buy for little ones	0	0	After reading the reviews, I wasn't sure I was going to like this tablet but I do! First of all, this tablet is for my one year old to play baby apps in the car and watch Kids Youtube when we are near WIFI. For those two tasks, it works perfectly! As some reviewers said the battery life is lackluster, but we get around that by putting it on airplane mode when we can. That being said it's battery is suitable for the amount of time you should actually let you child use technology, in my opinion. This tablet has a HDMI output for streaming videos, TF-card slot for removable storage devices, and a micro-USB for data transfer with other devices, which is all amazing (except I will probably never need any of it for my one year old, but if you do then you are in luck)! Another point of contention mentioned by reviewers was the screen isn't the greatest; however, I'm pretty sure when we were kids our tv's were worse. I think we are just spoiled and for the price of this tablet it is suitable. My one year old doesn't seem to mind! Mickey Mouse Club is just as appealing on this tablet as it is on the 50 inch HD TV to her. You are not going to find a tablet with this many features for this nice of a price. This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R3REQBI4UYZN4I	1.0	Horrible product!!!! Waste of money!	1	1	Bought five of these none work!! No customer service information! Works for the first four hours then tablet will not charge. Horrible product and huge waste of money! Don't buy this!!!
R1XWBURSUOK2LB	1.0	worse purchase ever!	1	1	Bought this for a gift. Embarrassing to find out it didn't even turn on after a full night of charging. Shipped this to El Salvador, so there is no way of returning it. Waste of money!!
R2V7MLIB09XKHK	1.0	Stopped working after one use!!!!!	3	4	I gave this tablet to my son as a gift, he wad sooo excited to have his first tablet and after playing it one time the screen froze and won't work! I am extremely disappointed!!!
RVUE9WEEPHXG	1.0	Don't waste your money	1	1	Piece of crap. Have to remove cover to charge. Too slow to function. Horrible performance don't waste your money. Got it for a 2 year old but no one has the patience to mess with it.
RVYZM2QW9EP32	2.0	was nice while it lasted to bad it only lasted less ...	1	1	This only lasted a little over a month now just days after the warranty the power button know longer works.. was nice while it lasted to bad it only lasted less then two months..
R19W2N45I0SQMP	4.0	Bumpers and price, make this tablet	0	0	Just like the previous reviews said, this is not a child enabled tablet. This is a regular Android tablet with silicon bumper. I bought two tablets this Cyber Monday season; Orbo jr and Double Power Kids 7" Wi-Fi Tablet, 8GB (AKA Dopo). I paid the same for both $60 with free shipping. Pros: Price and bumpers Cons: The mini USB cable tip is not long enough to charge with bumpers on. You have to peal the corner to charge. Sort of a slow tab and the graphics are not so great. I happened to buy a Dopo Kids 7" tablet (AKA Double Power Kids 7" Wi-Fi Tablet 8GB) during Cyber Monday and paid the same. Dopo is a "kids" tablet for sure and it has better graphics, speed, and 8GB. I would have returned this one and gotten a second Dopo if Office Depot would have honored their Cyber Monday price, unfortunately, the couldn't so I'm stuck with this one. Dopo comes with Mofi, which makes it a kid's OS, but you can still run it in Android mode if needed. Summary: It is still a good Android for the price, but plan on spending hours locking it down for a child. If you are looking for a real kids tablet for a decent price, go with Double Power Kids 7" Wi-Fi Tablet, 8GB Mofi installed.
R1PG3P1H7NA0TX	3.0	Not what I hoped for	0	0	I was so excited to get this tablet and I really wanted to like it. While I wasn't expecting an ipad quality product for the price it was offered at, I at least hoped that it would be good for distracting a kid with Netflix or a few apps, but it is fairly slow and doesn't have enough storage space to make it worthwhile for a long trip. We tested it out on a recent flight and the full charged battery only lasted through about two movies before it died. The screen is not terribly clear and it is hard for more than one person to see it clearly at the same time. I still expect to hand it over to one of my children when they have earned some screen time to watch something on Netflix or play a few minor apps, but I don't expect it to be very helpful on car trips or flights. On the other hand, it is very sturdy and I didn't worry nearly as much about it getting dropped. The case can be removed, but is good for extra protection and holding comfort. If you aren't expecting an ipad or the ability to download your whole music collection, this tablet is find for the price. It would be great as a "starter tablet" for little ones. I received a discount on this item in exchange for my review, but my opinions are honest and genuine.
R36VJ3J6U8DPR9	1.0	I am very disappointed because it was very obvious by the entire family ...	0	0	I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. I didn't think that I would have to open and test it before Christmas. I am very disappointed because it was very obvious by the entire family on Christmas Eve that the item that I purchased as NEW through Amazon turned out to be a used product. First of all the charger that came in the box DID NOT work. We discovered this after charging for 6 hours and the tablet would not come on. We had to use our phone charger to charge the tablet and when it finally turned on, there was no home page/screen. There was a reboot option and other options written in Chinese. The screen is all scratched up and didn't arrive with a protective film that all new tablets normally have and the purchaser removes before powering it up. We can't get the tablet to stay on - it always cuts off and "times out" constantly trying to download games for my 4 year old granddaughter. This was her primary present from me and it doesn't work. I'm very frustrated and disappointed and wil now have to rethink about purchasing items, especially electronics through Amazon again. Although the side of the box indicated NEW but what arrived in the box that I received WAS NOT NEW. Totally shocking
R24WQ2OMF37VGY	4.0	Great Tablet, Case Not Close To Kid Friendly	0	0	*Disclaimer* I purchased this item at a discount to review. I purchased this item intending it to be a replacement for the iPad I lost to my 7 year old. Fighting with a 7 about it being MY turn to play Angry Birds is pointless and ridiculous. So I ordered this tablet with the intention of making it a big present for my son so I could selfishly have my iPad back. When I got the Orbo, I was dubious about the durability of the thin gel case. After playing around with it for an hour I came to the conclusion that I'd need a sturdier case before giving it to my rough and tumble 1st grader. Case aside, this is a pretty great little tablet! It's battery life isn't great, and I ended up purchasing extra chargers for when we were in the car or out and about. I added a memory card to store all of my sons games on, and had zero problems moving apps to and from the tablet and card. I'd recommend this tablet as an inexpensive but highly functional Android tablet. If you intend to give it to a child that is clumsy and/or in constant motion, I'd suggest investing in a sturdier case and a couple of extra chargers for when the battery run down before your child gets 3 stars on a particular Angry Birds level.
RKKMTR2JFYQJX	5.0	Great Seller	1	1	The item is exactly as stated. Delivery was very quick and filling out to place an order was very easy! Awesome seller. Thank you so much. The table Orbo, Jr. is great.
R1P0I4UQ1IWYMS	5.0	... tablet in the house except her and now shes happy..	1	1	My daugther loves it because everybody has a tablet in the house except her and now shes happy.....im glad it comes with a protective case on it cause shes not that careful
R1ZJIZ7P1MZ4CH	3.0	The parental control/usability/restrictions are NOT easy to do	0	0	We bough this for my granddaughter as a Christmas gift - she likes it. However we have a few concerns. 1. The parental control/usability/restrictions are NOT easy to do, or even to figure out. There are so many pre-loaded apps or software programs with no real explanation of what they are or what they do. Our daughter (who is very technically skilled on devices like this) has been going through it as she can, but as a general rule, it would be better if the company provided parental control options in an easier format. Especially since they're targeting the device for children. 2. The battery life is short, about 30 minutes. If they forget to plug-it-in at the end of a play session it is useless the next time she picks it up. 3. The usability isn't great. Maybe because her parents are coming from something so friendly (a Mac/Apple environment) - the learning process is a bit awkward. There aren't really any how-tos out there on the web either. No You-Tube videos, or tutorials. IT's kinda weird! Even though she likes it, a lot, our granddaughter just doesn't use it a-lot (electronic devices in general) I'm glad it wasn't expensive, her parents would feel guilty! :)
R1KIU0LEC8E083	5.0	So far we couldn't be more pleased. It is the same size as our kindles ...	0	0	I definitely had my doubt about a tablet for this price, but considering I was getting it for the kids (so they would let me have my kindle back) I figured I couldn't lose. So far we couldn't be more pleased. It is the same size as our kindles and the case on it is great...they have already dropped it quite a number of times with no apparent ill-effects. My daughters are 5 & 6 so their gaming is limited, but they had clogged up my kindle with kid games and now they have their own platform to play on. I have seen other reviewers comment on the 4 hour battery life, but my girls tend to use in in the house plugged in anyway so I cannot comment on that myself. This is marketed as a "kids tablet" and it delivers far more than I would have expected. They have been happily watching Netflix with the built-in wifi and playing minecraft to their little hearts content. Google play is accessible and we found tons of free apps to make them happy. I did receive this item at a discount in exchange for an honest review, but that being said the regular price is still GREAT for what you get. Better than most starter tablets out there and the protective cover is an added bonus!
R3BWH52HNZCD2M	2.0	The sound we did hear kept cutting on and off like a bad connection	0	0	I bought 3 of these for all my kids. I was so excited to see they their faces when they each opened their own tablets. ;) unfortunately we were all extremely saddened by the lack of sound. The sound we did hear kept cutting on and off like a bad connection. None of them would allow me to open the play store. It didn't matter if I tried the existing or new account it kept opening a screen that said Google Play Store unfortunately has stopped and never let me log in either way. Then I got a pop up window that said the Google Play Store is not supported on this device!! What??? The icon is there but I am not allowed to use it?? Seriously? ? When I would use the game store it came with it wouldn't allow me to download anything. It said this device is set to Block certain apps. So after I figured out how to clear that up I was finally able to download the game. However we couldn't hear It. The sound doesn't work. When we wanted to do something by touching the screen it wouldn't work. It kept freezing or the touch screen is just terrible. I was very let down considering everything it is said to have. Sadly I am returning all 3. Hopefully my kids will have their own tablets soon ; (
R207ESL24PTTYK	3.0	Well my granddaughter loves it, her parents and myself ...	1	1	Well my granddaughter loves it, her parents and myself have problems with the tablets charging up and charger. My son ended up buying my granddaughter another charger:(
RTDS4P52JB544	4.0	Arrived fully charged and ready to go! My seven ...	1	1	Arrived fully charged and ready to go! My seven year old loves it. However, it is frustrating to have to charge it after getting only an hour and a half use out of it.
RGAELR8SONH67	5.0	Awesome and Highly recommended tablet for your little kids and adults, too.	0	0	My son is very happy when I gave him this Orbo tablet as an advance birthday gift to him. This tablet is so cool and very nice compare to other expensive tablets. The packaging is very nice, the sound quality is nice and loud and videos is awesome. When I got this tablet, it has already installed some applications like skype, google, netflix and other necessary apps you needed for. I"t's easy to use, it comes also with a charger and instruction manual. The thing I love most is it comes with a silicon case which is nice. It is fully protected and specially made for kids. Even it is made for kids, I also enjoy watching Netflix movies with no interruption compare to other tablet that is very slow and buffering while your watching. Even thought he camera is not that good and little bit slow but the program itself is fast. For a very discounted price tablet this is perfect and awesome. Nice for gift with your little ones and highly recommended to everybody. I got it discounted in exchange of honest review and I really want this tablet. My kids are enjoying too playing with their favorite games and watching their favorite movies and videos.
R36KAXYEYU1A2T	1.0	Very Disappointed	1	1	These basically stopped working, wouldn't charge and wouldn't do anything would not recommend buying these for anyone!! Very disappointed, they last barely a month.
R34CCNECNDEK74	5.0	Fantastic Buy!!!	1	1	these tablets are great! the price fantastic!! I bought four! and only one had a charger that didn't charge well, other than that my grand-kids loved them......!!!!
R31GMAPJYP5YBD	3.0	Its okay for a starter tablet, but it is not a NABI.	0	0	Its okay for a starter tablet, but it is not a NABI. You get what you pay for in this product. It's 50 something dollars and the Nabi is 100 and something dollars. So, you get a small, small,small fraction of the NABI. Honestly I did not purchase this item expecting it to be just as efficient, but because I wanted my child to get use to the idea of having a tablet before I purchase the "real thing." My son is only 4 and a little rambunctious. I am actually surprised that Android allowed a company use their name to produce such as inferior product. Other buyer mentioned that the ORBO does not keep a charge. I've experienced the same thing, and it takes several of hours (9-12 hrs.) to fully charge (more hours to charge than play time). Most of all, the camera absolutely sucks and the picture is terrible. The picture is actually like staring a negatives. I think that too people purchased this product expecting it to perform just as well as other products; if this you, you will be very unhappy with this product. Anyone saying that this product is great, is just flat out lying!!!! You literally get what you've paid for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
R2QRHVXATPHYA6	1.0	Do not buy!!!!	1	1	Zero stars! This item does not stay charged and is EXTREMELY slow. Tried to return and was not allowed. Kids can't even play with them for 10 minutes at a time.
R3YR69TE7T80O	2.0	Although my 6 year old and 2 year old love to play with it	0	0	I understand this tablet is made for kids.. honestly, it's not kid proof. Although my 6 year old and 2 year old love to play with it. Pros- **The silicone outer case. This was one of my favorite thing's about it.. it actually gave it the kid look so it wasn't just a "tablet" **The individual colors. Makes it easy to tell the difference if you have more than one tablet. Cons- **The batter life really does stink. I understand when apps are running they will drain the battery quick.. but I feel like this one is always dying. **The flimsiness. Every time I pick it up it cracks and creeks, the tablet is poorly manufactured, meaning it won't last long, especially with kids. **You have to remove the silicone case to charge it. **Runs awfully slow, but my kids didn't pay it no mind. Honestly... you're better off spending another $30-$40 to get something that will last longer than a few weeks, if it even lasts that long. I do want you to know that it did come fully functional though, It does everything it's supposed to do and it keeps the kids occupied.
R3VP0HDV4QS19Z	5.0	and then I ordered it for my grandson and loved it both times	1	1	This is the second time that I've ordered this product and it was for my daughter who's 9, and then I ordered it for my grandson and loved it both times.....
R2FJ1NR3KY87V7	1.0	Terrible!!!	1	1	Don't waste your money. This tablet is extremely glitchy - I have managed to get Netflix to work on it about 25% of the time. No other apps will function.
RVD1QL6CEMTBI	1.0	Pay a Little Extra for Something Better	0	0	This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review. ***edited*** Do not purchase as it is poor quality. I ended up selling it to Half Price Books to recoup some loss. It kept freezing and not downloading. I was excited to purchase this for my 5 year old and would no longer have to share my phone or my Kindle with her. When it arrived, I noticed the silicone shell had very sloppy seams. After charging it to 100%, I went back and deleted the unnecessary apps like Skype, news etc. I then proceeded to download 5 apps one being Amazon Apps and then a few games for my kid, and the music app. All while downloading, which took ages, I encountered 2 problems which meant a hard restart and I still don't know why the tablet froze but the Android guy was on his back and I'm pretty certain that's a universal sign something is up. Anyway, the battery life on it is awful and I have a feeling it wI'll constantly be tethered to the outlet. The resolution is not too spiffy and difficult to read or see in the light. All in all, for the price I paid, I hope it can at least last a little while but I did want to return it when I received the error messages and frozen screens.
R3G00KAA0I1ZGF	1.0	Buyer Beware	0	0	Bought as a cheap child friendly tablet for my six year old daughter for Christmas. A whopping four days later a two inch section of the screen was broken, with no known reason. Do I think that my five year old may have had something to do with the damage, even with her denials? Probably. Should a tablet that is marketed for kids last for more than a week? Definitely. It was only by the tablet being broken that I discovered the true shady nature of the manufacturer though. There was no warranty card included with the tablet. Conducting research online it becomes apparent that the company offers zero protection of their product, even in locales where it is required by law. The companies website was obtuse at best, and did not even list the product (search returned nothing). There was of course the 30 day return policy offered by amazon, but the tablet was ordered long before Christmas, so we are s***e out of luck. For the few days that the tablet was whole my daughter enjoyed the product. Her crying four days out from Christmas because it is now broken and irreparable is my problem I guess.
R2ZV896HIWTMRC	1.0	Don't buy this product it's horrible	1	1	My sons love their tablet. I downloaded games, abc mouse and more. It's easy for them to use. The case helps a little. My sons fell and it cracked it no longer works. I'm throwing it away
R1WIGF3N2CK094	5.0	We love this tablet	1	1	We love this tablet, both for our son and for us to use after he goes to bed. We can't wait for our son to open his present from Santa on Christmas Day!!
R1J7KNWO0SLHFI	5.0	Entertain your children for hours and place the parental controls	0	0	Great tablet that I got for my son. He is constantly begging for our IPAD and our tablet that I thought it was time to get one on his own. This is perfect because you can place the desired controls on this and set the setting so that my son cannot watch or download content that is not fit for his viewing. He loved to surfed on YouTube when we were not watching and with this tablet he is not able to do it unless we allow him to. You can set different profiles with different settings based on which control you want to place on the specific user. The battery life is perfect as well and last for hours. The touch screen is great and has the perfect amount of pressure that you need to use for typing and playing games. You can download whichever you desire based on the parental settings that you place. For us this is perfect for your travels across the country to visit family because it will keep your child entertained so that you can focus on driving. Fun for all ages I am so grateful I was chosen to review this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased opinion
RVUHOICMWLBEH	1.0	It's a piece of @@@@	0	0	Don't buy this piece of crap.. !!!! We got this for our six year old son for Christmas it's all he has been talking about.. We got it out the night before Christmas to fully charge it and put some of his favorite apps on it.. First thing wrong was it was sooooo slow second the battery was at 35 percent when we plugged it in and after 3 hours of charging it was then at 37 percent. So we ended up finally getting a full charge around 4 in the morning approximately 9 hours to charge to full.. Third he unwrapped it and was so excited didn't even want to unwrap any other gifts.. Played with it for 30 minutes and battery was dead.. Yes I said i30 minutes from 94 percent to 0 percent in 30 minutes...fourth and final thing that I found wrong is the dang thing now won't charge at all it keeps giving us a triangle with an explanation mark beside the battery and won't charge ,turn on or anything.. My son is devastated... And of course we bought the kids Christmas months in advance So we are now past the 30 day return .. Please please please don't waste your time or money with this product...
R1Q9FH5JVNZZJ	4.0	Battery life does not last long	1	1	The battery life does not last very long. We own four and they are all the same. But it does not bother me because I can restrict there time on them. :)
R3PFTC3HB7P2OJ	1.0	Battery life was terrible. The absolute worst part was dealing with the ...	0	0	I wish I could give this thing 0 stars, because that's what it's worth. I bought this as a Christmas present for my 4 year old. From the moment we opened the box, we had difficulty powering it up. You had to press the power button, then hold it for several seconds, then it MIGHT start to boot up......or it might cut off. Battery life was terrible. The absolute worst part was dealing with the seller. I initially asked for an exchange, so I sent the product back w/in 30 days of purchase. Two weeks later, I heard not one word from the seller. After several emails, finally a customer service rep tells me that I am now outside of the 30 day refund policy, and am only eligible for a replacement. When I replied that I had no idea what the hell they were talking about, instead of researching the issue, apologizing for the confusion, and acknowledging that I WAS eligible for a refund, they simply did not reply at all!! If it were not for an email from Amazon telling me that my money had been refunded, I'd know nothing! Bad product, terrible seller!
R2EGU26ZTK7S75	4.0	Good tablet for younger kids	0	0	This is a very sturdy little tablet for my little ones! The silicone case is a life saver! It fits perfectly over the tablet and the buttons are still very easy to push and to use with the silicone on. The tablet itself is lightweight, making it easier for smaller hands to hold and to use. The battery seems to go down quicker than my other tablet, but since this is ONLY for games in my household, I can see why the battery runs down. But my littles can still play with this as it charges so I'm not to worried about that. The tablet and charger fit quite nicely into my purse or tote bag when we are our and about, so no bulky package to juggle when loading up the car. I can also plug in the USB to a car charger and charge as we are driving. The screen is not as good as a higher priced tablet, however my kids do not seem to have an issue with it.. They just want to play their games. I do not load many games on here at once, as the more memory you take up with the games the slower the tablet will run. Still, my kids are happy. And for the price, I'm happy too. ** I added a picture of this tablet in reference to my hand and a stylus pen so you can get a better idea of the size. Also, since my first review, this tablet had been dropped several times and still no cracks! Yay for the silicone casing! Still working great!
R1H8A50ADC1NZH	5.0	Excellent tablet for children of all ages	0	0	My son had a Nabi Jr. first and the apps were very limited. This tablet is an Android tablet and you can add any apps you want. I was worried it would be too big for my 4 year old because it looked pretty large in the picture with the child model. However, it's the absolute perfect size for him. The bumper is durable and fits very well, no stretching so far and it doesn't come off easily. The screen looks a little hologram-y but my son hasn't had one complaint about it or anything else. It comes with a protective screen that I just left on so it doesn't get scratched. The camera isn't high quality, but since this is advertised as a child's tablet, no complaints there. My only complaint is that the charger doesn't fit when the bumper is on. I have to pull it aside to fit it in the port to charge. Otherwise, I am highly impressed for the price. And that's saying a lot coming from a family with eight different tablets between the four of us. I received the product for a discounted price in exchange for an honest review
R1LYT7LZK4WMWM	2.0	Unfortunatly the case wasnt very strong. Its supposed to ...	1	1	Unfortunatly the case wasnt very strong . Its supposed to be childsafe but the screen smashed after only a few hours of use . The case is paper thin
R3PYHIMN18GBKS	1.0	I wish I would've spent a little more for better quality!	1	1	Do not get your hopes up.. The price says it all about the quality.. I wish I would've spent a little more for better quality!!! Very disappointed!
RHSLCRD00K1IB	5.0	Awesome Tablet, Perfect for Kids!	0	0	I picked this tablet up for my son for his birthday this week and I have to say that I'm very pleased and impressed! This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review. But This is really great little android tablet, it runs all of my son's favorite apps with no problems. It connects very easily and stays connected to wifi, unlike other tablets we've had before where that was a big problem! The tablet it's self is really cute we got a blue one! I really like the non-slip grip protective case, it looks very durable and gives me confidence that the tablet will hold up to a few drops or accidents that are bond to happen. The screen is average size and the resoultion is nice! It also has front and rear facing camera which I was not expecting but is so great because my son loves taking picture of the family! Overall I am so happy with my purchase my son just loves this tablet and I'm considering picking up a second one for my daughter! I would recomend this to anyone looking for a great tablet for their kids!
R3GZ20M2WJHAIN	1.0	Terrible kids tablet - use your money to buy something else!	0	0	I was seduced into buying this tablet by the fact that it is geared towards kids, has a rubber cover included for protection, and that I was getting an Amazon "hot deal" before Christmas - what a mistake buying these. For a table that has geared itself towards children, it is terrible. The charger fits loosely into the tablet and seems flimsy and easy to break. I bought 3, and one of them is already having an issue connecting to the charger cable to where it plugs into the tablet (after only 6 days of use). It is SLOW, doesn't have much memory, and it has issues running many of the larger games out there like Deer Hunt 2014. I have had to install/uninstall many apps in the hopes of getting them to work without freezing the tablet or the app shutting itself down. The battery doesn't last long. We have so many issues getting them to play games that my kids have set them aside and ask to play on my iPad. Unfortunately, they wrote their names on the rubber cover making returning them difficult - if I could return them I would.
RFO9535SDUYTN	4.0	Worth it!	0	0	I ordered this product for my daughter's birthday. We travel a lot and she loves to watch movies and/or play games on tablets and it's a big help when sitting on a plane for hours. I was excited to be able to get this at such a great price. I had never heard of Orbo but I have used Android OS previously, so it wasn't a huge leap of faith to buy, though I did peruse some other reviews prior to purchasing. Pros: -Small, but decent size screen. Great size for children. -Charged quickly. -Came with a nice silicon case to protect it. -Great price! -Downloaded programs fairly quickly Cons: -Although I am familiar with the Android OS, this was a little bit difficult to navigate at first. -A little bit slow, but it shouldn't be an issue for what I intend to use it. -Camera quality is poor, but again, for what I'm using it for, it isn't an issue to me. Overall, I would buy it again. I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review.
R7YEM4XXD10YK	3.0	However it doesn't keep charge longer than 1 hour which is very annoying.	1	1	I purchased this item for my 4 year old son who enjoys playing with it. However it doesn't keep charge longer than 1 hour which is very annoying.
R2EOS7IQ5OPWDY	4.0	Nice item - fits the bill	0	0	Nice item - loaded a few games (this is for a 4yr old for Christmas) and played some angry birds - no jerky graphics, or pauses, resolution for the screen is very good. The only complaint would be the instruction book was a bit lacking for general set up, took a while to locate where the on/off - volume controls were located. The case fits well and I think will fit my need for a tablet that she can take with her to the store or in the car and bounce it around without it breaking, and if it does - at least it wasn't very expensive. I bought a low cost one last year from eBAY and it was junk and wouldn't play even basic games or short videos so I was hesitant to purchase another low cost unit. I was very happy with look, feel and size (just right for tiny 4 year old hands), and quality of this unit. I will be buying a screen protector and looking for a parental control program to limit what she can access on the internet (this is a regular tablet without such controls). Overall I feel this is a good product for a young user.
R29C05GUJGI2Z4	5.0	Bubby Scores!	1	1	This was a valentine gift for my granddaughter. She loves it! Her mom loaded it up with her videos and lots of apps. Great little pad for kids.
R1ULO4U3SNO15R	5.0	Camera quality is not very good, but for one her age to play with ...	1	1	Bought this for my 3 yr old and she hardly ever puts it down. Camera quality is not very good, but for one her age to play with it is awesome.
RJ25TLCZEULZ7	5.0	The tablet is a nice little replacement for my son's old one that died	0	0	The tablet is a nice little replacement for my son's old one that died. So far I have been impressed with new tablet features that include a "cool down" mode and an indicator when it is getting to warm. This is a very nice component since the thick bumper can lead to overheating (happened to a phone I owned too). My son is 10 and can watch for the indicator, but I could see younger children being able to use it as it turns red when hot and is a standard blue when normal. The tablet has a battery indicator in the menu also that uses the same color scheme (blue when good and red when low), so kids don't have a lot to remember on the warning lights. Good memory, pretty standard for tablets. Battery life is pretty good, at least 4 hours and more typically 7-8. The tablet can even optimize the battery (adult required) so it gets extended life and you can check how many "hours" are left which makes deciding whether or not to charge easy. We like this offering and would purchase again.
R396FN7K2JES2N	1.0	VERY disappointed...	0	0	Was initially excited to be getting a tablet for such a great price....I should have know it was too good to be true! The first day took some getting used to, because I am more familiar with the Apple OS. Second day seemed to be good also. Then we plugged it in to charge overnight. When we got up the next morning we went to turn it on and all we got was the red/white "ORBO" title screen, that flashed on and off. I looked at the poor excuse for a manual to see what it suggested and it said to charge for 10 minutes and then hold the power button down to do a reset on the device. No change. I understand it's not a high end device and shouldn't expect too much but I thought we'd get more use than two days out of it! Not only am I disappointed but the kids are sad that I'm taking the tablet away from them! Way to go ORBO! Then I thought I would just exchange it for a new one and that wasn't even an option! Refund only...guess I learned if it sounds too good to be true it probably is...
RODVFOPF4D9V7	4.0	Great as a child's tablet	0	0	*I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review of the product* I bought this tablet for my nephew who is a toddler and am pleased wit the results as a child's tablet. The resolution is not perfect and the operating system is slow but it absolutely works for its intended purpose. I was having issues connecting to the play store on the actual device so I just downloaded them onto the device remotely from the computer. All in all I am pleased for the price point. It is a regular tablet with an android OS so if you are planning on using it for a child I recommend downloading the Kid's Place app onto the device. It allows you to set up parental controls on how much time they can use the tablet, volume control, what apps you want access to, and if they push the "home" button it routes back to the kids place main screen. They cannot get out of the profile without the parental pin and it is a challenge. GREAT app to help a toddler!
R3SUPWI8Y1NV2T	1.0	DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!	0	0	Unlike many people on these reviews, I am a father with a few years experience in programming, software engineering, and mobile technologies. My wife bought this "tablet" for our daughter even though I warned her about the operating system and price of the product. This Christmas gift is now dead and I have the great privilege to tell my daughter that she can't use the tablet anymore. The operating system for this product is old and half assed even though it's an Android.....nothing compared to my many Android devices so I have a hard time believing that it is actually the same OS. I strongly urge everyone looking at this product to look are reputable devices like the Amazon tablets or tablets made by technology companies like Samsung. They may be more expensive at first but they will last if you take care of them. iPads are also nice but Apple is more expensive with much better quality. All in all steer clear of this product unless you want to buy a new one every month.
R1ZHDVASSKTKWI	5.0	Great quality tablet for less $	0	0	I didn't expect much from this little tablet, but I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered this as a learning tool for my 3-year-old granddaughter, but I found it quite useful as an adult. I use a Kindle Fire 7 HDX, and this little baby, at a fraction of the price, is pretty good - it is fast, great with my WiFi, and is well protected with the rubber bumper. Memory can be expanded with a SD card, which is a great feature. It has both a front and rear facing camera. Picture quality isn't great, but for the price, not bad. It was intuitive to set up. Be sure and fully charge it the first two times. After that, charging times are faster. The battery lasts nicely, especially for my granddaughter, who uses it for learning games and YouTube videos. She loves it!!! I received a discount in exchange for providing an honest review. But I would've bought the Orbo Jr. at full price, because it is well worth it in terms of quality and value. I'll be ordering one for my other 3 grandchildren.
R2OIHQ3JUKRB4D	3.0	You get what you pay for and so far so good.	0	0	I purchased this as an inexpensive tablet for my pre-teen to be able to watch movies and play simple games - it serves that purpose. Pros: The display quality and graphics are "ok" Its very light in weight. Included shock resistant cover gives extra protection (but not much - thin) I like that it has an microSD card slot for added memory. Quick set up and easy of use Cons: Very poor battery quality: loses about 2% battery every 3 mins or less It concerns me a little with the security and adult content of some of the apps in the mobomarket which children may have access too. Poor camera quality. Have had some difficulty with some apps already. I have had a few tablets over time and this one is just "ok" in my opinion. It doesn't have a real "wow" factor but it is functionally a nice tablet for children/pre-teens. I received this item at a discounted price for an honest review.
R19BSBXHNNW5IG	4.0	very good for young kids my 8 year old found it ...	1	1	very good for young kids my 8 year old found it useful but i think he was ready for a regular tablet, this is great for maybe 5 year olds
R1C8LX9AN5RD3G	5.0	Great Buy	0	0	This one Tablet is really nice I bought it for my son but I ended up using it , I like the features and how fast it is to stream a video . It's fast charging as well. I can compare this Tablet to my husband's Tablet a Samsung Galaxy he's tablet is slow and it's easy to drain the battery compare to this one it holds couple of hours. I like using the App. store where you can download games I tried one and it download fast and it can be used just for a couple minutes after downloading games. I like the protective shell even if my little will drop it I will no worries to get it damaged or break because it was protected. I also like how fast to stream video in you tube my son just now watching his favorite.movie Character in it and it stream fast. Overall for the price is really decent one You can't get under $60 for a Tablet like this . I think this is the best one compare to Samsung Galaxy that we had. I received this discounted item in exchange for an honest reviews.
RIRET3F77K7UA	3.0	It Is Okay for What It Is, But I Prefer the Kindle for My Girls	0	0	As far as kid's tablets go, this one is okay. It does have most of the apps the average kid would want. However, with that being said, I would not recommend buying it as there are much better kid's tabs on the market (like the Kindle for kids). This tab does not come with a "they break it we replace it" warranty like the Kindle does. It also doesn't have the speed of the Kindle. With that being said, we do use this as a backup tab. I have portable wi-fi, which is important with the Kindle. Parents who have Kindles for their kids understand why that's important. If you don't have portable wi-fi, this tab does make a great back-up tab for a child with a Kindle. However, knowing everything I know about the Kindle and how easy it is for my kids to use and how well the product is supported, I cannot truly recommend this tab as a primary tablet for a child. A backup tab? Yes. But if you are going to get your child a tablet, I highly suggest you go with the Kindle.
R3KKCPGR5HFX4L	5.0	its been great. Just let it charge overnight and its good ...	1	1	So far, its been great. Just let it charge overnight and its good for all the next day! Gave it to a 2yr old and its holding up well!
R241YG2S8I3WAU	5.0	Great Gift for our Daughter	1	1	This was a gift for our daughter. She loves music and now she can take it with her and even play some games while the music is playing.
R3DRISH6ZZCQX5	4.0	Great tablet at an affordable price!	0	0	I purchased this tablet after my 3 year old daughter's Galaxy tablet broke. I didn't have too high of hopes since the price was lower than I would expect it to be, but I figured I'd give it a shot. I love the rubbery bumper around the edges. It makes the tablet easier to grip and has protected it well thus far. The screen resolution is slightly poorer than I'd like and the screen seems a little too bright even at the lowest brightness setting. These, however, are the only short comings I have found so far! I was able to put all of her favorite apps onto the tablet easily from Google Play store. The function speed is good and the battery life has been awesome for us (it's hard to tether down a 3 yr old with a charger cord so this was a definite plus!). If you are looking for a great tablet at a reasonable price for your child I would definitely recommend the Orbo Jr.! *I was given this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R66PXM2IH1BT7	5.0	not what I was expected..... something better	0	0	I ahve to say when I first ordered this online i was not expecting what arrived. I thought I was getting a tablet that was going to be just equipped with kids games. What I got was a tablet for any person in the family. You use google play store and you can download any app available. I loved that this tablet works for all ages and it a reasonable price. We got it for our daughter and she loves it. She can play games and watch videos on it as well. The case for the tablet is amazing too. Within a hour of playing with it, my daughter already dropped the tablet. Well, you would even realize she did. it just bounced off the floor. Nothing else happened. The case really protected it , Which makes it even better for kids. If you are looking for something to buy you child a tablet but don't want to spend the 100's of dollars for the tablets that are out there i would highly recommend buying this. It really is a good tablet and is protects by a great case.
R3LA2UKPI4Z4O2	2.0	Not worth the money.	0	0	First off, I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review. I didn't expect much, I had read some reviews before I even purchased it at the discounted price I was being offered. I just wanted something simple for my 2 year old to watch PBS on and play a few of his learning games. The battery life is short, that I knew. He's little, it's not a huge issue for me. It took awhile to get everything downloaded and arranged. Also kind of a hassle but whatever. My biggest issue is the screen, I knew it was low resolution but there is something up with it. Depending on what angle you look at it from, the colors and brightness changes. And it may be because I'm used to looking at my IPad but it was such an eye strain that it gave me an immediate headache. I'm not hesistant to let him use it because I don't want him hurting his eyes. Disappointing for sure....I'll have to look into another option.
R30W4F5P2CIYS3	5.0	Perfect for my 6 year old!	0	0	This tablet is very good as a starter tablet for your child and if you do not want or can't spend a lot of money. I personally love the silicone gel case it brings to protect it. This would be one reason I would buy it. A lot of others you have to buy the protective case separately or it would cost much more than this price to buy it. You download the games for your child and there are a lot of free games you can download. Only holds 4GB but you can add an Sd card to expand the memory. Dual camera,perfect for my son who loves using the camera most of all. If you are wanting a starter tablet for your child at a very good price and just for basic uses then this will be good for you. If you want something sophisticated(more for an adult or older kid) then you might not want to consider this one. Overall for my 6 year old it works. I have received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R1PF8Z4ZZX19R1	2.0	Purchased the black friday deal at a great price and it works	0	0	Purchased the black friday deal at a great price and it works. A few things I do NOT like: The app store specific for the device contains A LOT of inappropriate content. I look up puzzles and there are "sexy girl" puzzles mixed in with the toddler puzzles. I look up videos and find porn mixed in with Tom & Jerry. If I'm doing all the installing and the child doesn't browse themselves, not a huge problem. But this is marketed as a KIDS tablet and they designed their app store with a ton of content that's inappropriate even for adults. We have several Kindle Fires and have never had this problem. It does not hold a charge that long. It's battery meter says 30 some hours when fully charged and within 30 minutes of organizing apps it's already down to 75%. This is not good. You have to take off the cover to charge it. Would it have killed them to make the hole in the silicone a little bigger so the charge fit?
RZ53K18N49XK1	5.0	Thankfully I was able to use a protection plan to replace one of the first two which both worked terribly - very slow downloads	0	0	This is the third tablet I ordered for my daughter. Thankfully I was able to use a protection plan to replace one of the first two which both worked terribly - very slow downloads and uploads. She's 7 and cracked the screen on the first one. The second one would die in about an hour or two after being fully charged and then just stopped charging at all. This Orbo Jr. has been a good buy especially for the money! I liked that it already came with a protective case though I had a spare from the previous purchases. It takes about two-three hours or so to fully charge which was better than the previous ones. It's still working fine after more than a month - downloads and uploads relatively fast compared to other products in the $60 range. Bottom line - buy a protection plan especially if you are getting an inexpensive tablet or spring for the better product in the $175 - $200 range (still recommend protection plan if buying for children).
R1ZPAGOYMEKM7O	5.0	By setting some rules prior to use and have no issues :) Love it the kiddos!	0	0	I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest, unbiased review. I use this tablet during the times when I need to distract the kiddos for tantrums or to save myself after a hectic day. I have not had any power and/or charging issues. It operates accordingly to the commends, just like many other computer products you may have a glitch here and there but even the high priced gadgets have glitches. For the price, I think this was a well spent investment! I believe no matter what computer device you are allowing kids to use you should monitor their activity... yes restrictions are nice but there is always a way bypassed them. So I'm my opinion I think its important to explain to young users their boundaries otherwise they will just "explorer" any chance they get. I like that I can use it to look up a quick recipe, etc. Overall for the price I think it meets the expectations for software and performance measures.
RQO9DK9OUMA4O	4.0	a great first tablet for my kids	0	0	My kids were very excited to play with this tablet. Its very easy to use. Easy to download apps and games. it doesn't have much memory just 4GB of memory but it does have a memory card slot to expand more memory. It has WiFi but no Bluetooth wich i was sad about. spekers aren't very loud being that speaker is on the back and the case is very thick but i usually connect a small portable speaker to it when the kids want to watch movies,videos etc. It has decent quality front and back cameras. The screen resolution is decent 1024×600 wich is just fine for my kids to watch movies Or play their games. Tablet is 7 inches just perfect for their small hands. The case is very thick good quality. My son has dropped it and nothing has happened to it. The battery lasts about 4 hours and takes about an hour to charge. Overall a good little fist tablet for you kids. I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review
R2WG5C1ILPGWNQ	5.0	*****My 3 year Old Grandson Really Enjoys This*****	1	1	This is such a nice tablet. It keeps my grandson busy and learning new things. He dropped it a few times and it is well protected.
R2KG071KB8G58F	2.0	do not buy	1	1	You get what you pay for. Cheap piece of junk. Camera stinks, shell is flimsy, I've had to reset this hunk of junk 2x in a month.
R1BCU6AUF0NHJS	5.0	Not your child's tablet	0	0	I was expecting a child's tablet when I ordered this Orbo Jr. This 7" tablet has Android OS with Netflx, Chrome, Google, Play Store and many more. The tablet comes in the color ordered with a silicone sleeve (I prdered blue). I like the sleeve as without it the tablet if very slim and could easily slip out of hands. The tablet charged and powered up quickly. Although it is not High Resolution screen it is an adequate picture. The camera is not of the highest quality, but one cannot expect a High Res camera on any tablet. I purchased this as a back-up for my 8-year olds existing HD tablet/reader that is showing signs of depleted battery life. I am very impressed with this tablet for the price point of under $60. Time will tell how durable it is and how the battery will hold up to frequent charging/discharging. I purchased this item at a promotional discount in exchange for my unbiased andhonest review.
R183YMZZV0PIWJ	3.0	You get what you pay for	0	0	I bought 3 of these for my 4,6 & 8 year olds. I will be returning them. I gave the product 3 stars because they are good quality with nice screens and they all functioned properly except for they don't keep charge for very long. I gave all of them two nights worth of charging. And tested them the two days and timed how long on the second day the batteries lasted with 100% charge. Two of the three tablets lasted only 1 1/2 hours of game play. The other tablet lasted appx. 2 hours. I expect a lot longer battery life for these. I don't want too always have to have my kids plug the tablets in especially if we are on long car rides. I think the internal batteries have been around for a while and they are going bad to have all 3 effected or they just have crappy batteries. If you don't mind plugging them in all the time then these are ok. Even if you break game play up like I do they just are annoying to charge.
R1PE7EPN09V0B2	1.0	You don't even get what you pay for.......	0	0	A family member wanted to buy this for my daughter for Christmas as an early gift this year. I told her we were looking for a tablet and she wanted to purchase, I was very wary about it since last year we had purchased one that only lasted for about one month so I wanted to make sure it was of high quality. But since they wanted to buy it for a cheap price I caved and when it arrived after I saw my daughter playing with it with ease I thought maybe this one is better. After only having the tablet for ONE day the screen turned white with some lines across it and there is no way to take the battery out to try to "reset" it. Turning it on and off and charging doesn't help either. I would advise others not to go the cheap route, this may look like better quality but it's not. I really hope the money can be returned because if it only lasted for 1 day I don't even want to bother trying another one.
R3O3FBZ3AP5ODI	1.0	DO NOT BUY!!	0	0	This is the worst tablet I have ever bought! I got it for my daughter for Christmas, so it's only 3 months old and it's already fell apart.. it's poorly made. I have 5 kids, who all have tablets , this is the worst designed tablet, even more so for a child. First her charging port messed up, then it came off all together, I managed to semi fix it, tonight the power button broke off.. The problem is the two parts are only connected to the mother board by two tiny spots soldered to it..so plugging it in repeatedly or turning it off and on will cause it to loosen it.. it's so small and the way the mother board is , it would be a nightmare to fix.. Also the tablet is very slow.. I wish I would not have bought this tablet. A rca 7 inch is cheaper and faster. I really thought this would be more durable being it's supposed to be for kids.. beware of the screen too, it's a cheap plastic that scratches easily..
R1SJ98RRTMV07G	2.0	I would not purchase again.	0	0	I ordered this tablet for me and my kids to use at home when others were on the computer. When I received it, it worked for about 60 minutes during which time I did a malwarebytes scan and found out there was already malware on it that could not be cleared off no matter what I tried. There were programs on here that had been installed in 2011. This is clearly not a new product. It must have been refurbished but they did not do a very good job of it. They did process my refund quickly and I turned around and bought a new tablet for my son, since this was meant to be a birthday gift for him. I know of other people who have this tablet and have absolutely loved it so I am guessing maybe that I got a bad one and this is not the standard. I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this to others. I received this product at a promotional discount in exchange for my unbiased review.
RFBHA10CI8EM6	4.0	Perfect for kids	0	0	My 5 year old has had this for about a week and seems to like it more than other tablets we've bought for much more $. The touch screen responds well to his fingers and it moves quickly between apps. The only downsides I see are the amount of memory (though I see you can add more memory, we just haven't yet) and the fact that I think the battery drains pretty fast... the average battery life is 4 hours and I wish it were a bit longer since I often forget to plug it in. But if I just remember to plug it in every day or two, it really is sufficient. The case is awesome, easy to turn on and off and change the sound settings. It's a perfect size for car trips and shoving in my purse before a trip to the doctor. I would totally buy another one of these when my littlest kiddo is old enough. This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R1VLE0I185JSMM	1.0	This product is horrible I Charge it for up to 2/4 hours and ...	0	0	This product is horrible I Charge it for up to 2/4 hours and battery is sucks it'll only last 45 mims to an hour long. Graphics are horrible and when your're trying to download a game is so fustraing because it takes forever to download. and the freaking charger doesn't even fit right is really short like 1 and half feet long and kinda have to hold it while your're charging it or have something else hold it steady otherwise charger comes off the damned Orbo Tab. My son gets reaslly fustrated because the Mg or Gb in it are sucks not enough to download games, I bought it becuase i needed my 4 yr old to play some of those learning games and it sucks my son gets really fustrated becuase it turns of by itself and battery doesn't last not even an hour. I wanted for him to use on our long trips but its a crappy Tablet. I persoinally wouldn't recommeded. I'm even going to send it back a nd get my money back.
R2JROCB6T9NAN5	4.0	Has awesome rubber case on it and stays charged for a ...	1	1	Can't beat the price..! Has awesome rubber case on it and stays charged for a good amount of time.. only bummer no Bluetooth..
R1T0RN6WE3SGS7	4.0	So I thought it would be nice to have an extra	0	0	I bought this as an extra tablet for my kids to have. We had already purchased them nabi nick Jr's, but sometimes they are not charged or the kids misplace them, or else their cousins come over and fight over the electronics. So I thought it would be nice to have an extra. However, I decided to go ahead and keep this tablet for myself. I actually like it quite well. Was able to set it up reasonably simply. The memory is small, even for downloading apps. So I suggest you get an extra memory card right away. Otherwise, it's definitely a good deal for the price. Full disclosure: I received a discount in exchange for an honest review of the product. However, being someone who relies on amazon reviews to decide on my purchases, I would never falsify or change my review. This is truly what I think of the product. I think it's perfect for a kid, or for someone who just wants a simple tablet.
R3IXNJTUFGGYK0	3.0	The cover is sturdy. And i like that it doesnt just play ...	0	0	Ordered for my 4 year old son. This is a regular android tablet which you can put child parameters on. The cover is sturdy. And i like that it doesnt just play kid games. He can watch netflix and other things. The bad- Even on a full charge it lasts about 45 mins to an hour before dying. The camera is very poor quality. And even when commected to wifi with great signal strength it runs very slowly. It's definately not for games like hillclimb racing or Turbo Fast. It lags very badly. Something to keep in mind is that it also doesnt have the sensors which tell position. So you cant play games by motion of the tablet. As far as price goes, you get what you pay for. If you're looking for something for your kid to play a few games on, maybe watch a movie, and not spend $800 like some other tablets, this does the job. But, i wish we would've spent a little more for a better one.
R1OHAFNM610A33	1.0	Worthless	1	1	Worthless. Not worth $5.00. I bought 3 tablets and none hold charge. Worthless.. I would give it 0 star but it won't let me.
R1431UKX8SGG0Q	2.0	It functions...mostly	0	0	I thought this was going to be a child friendly tablet, but after it arrived today I set it up for my youngest daughter. First thing I noticed is that the cables to charge it would not fit through the odd smelling neoprene case that came through it. I had the same issue with the headphone jack. I initially thought the protective case *was* the tablet not just a ill-fitting cover. So the disappointment keeps coming. The most telling thing about this tablet is that I had a dragon touch tablet that looks surprisingly similar to this tablet. After further investigation I discovered that Orbo has just rebranded the dragon touch tablet that my older daughter had been using for nearly 4 months now. I get that these companies all have the same products and just plaster their logo on it and call it theirs, but after reading the reviews in depth on this tablet I'm considering returning it.
RPU33JXNWHCKS	3.0	Great for the money	0	0	I bought this tablet for my three year old daughter for Christmas, and so far I'm pleased. Yes, there are a few shortcomings, which is why I've taken two stars off, but for the money, I can't complain much. The things I'm not wild about are: the speed, the incompatibility of some of her favorite apps (which I've somehow gotten around most by using a different appstore that was pre-installed on it than Google Play and with the Amazon app store), the memory size (a MICRO sd card is a must, it will not take a regular sized one), the camera quality, and the lack of display quality when turned to the side (should I say portrait orientation as opposed to landscape?) my biggest peeve. Still, on a long car ride, she will be able to watch some of her little TV shows and play her ABC games and won't know the difference between this and a more expensive tablet that doesn't irk mommy, so we're good.
R3OS3X8B7MIWC4	1.0	Not a good product	0	0	We were pretty excited to order this for our 20 month old daughter. We didn't want to spend too much money because we knew she would be learning how to use it. I have to say we were pretty disappointed when the Orbo arrived and we are in the process of returning it. We love the size of it and the case, however, the screen is blurry and difficult to see and there is no way for us to get access to a keyboard so we have no way of searching for apps or other features. The games and apps that are already on the device are not appropriate for young kids and since we can't type on it due to the fact that there is no way of getting access to a keyboard, we can't search for apps. As I mentioned before we did not want to spend a lot of money and were not looking for anything to fancy, but it looks like we will be spending more money to get an ipad that we know will work. Pretty bummed...
R65LB1VIQT9OE	5.0	this is a perfect tablet for my lil boy to start using	0	0	this is a perfect tablet for my lil boy to start using. So far I have had no issues. Screen is bright and responsive. I have had no issues while using this. It has not froze at all on me. I am still working on to see if I can get the main task menu at the bottom to disappear and it does become annoying during game play or movie watching. But i really like this for games, movies, and learning apps for my lil man. Gr8 quality. Sound is clear wiithout any static or issues! Very durable as my child got a hold of it n dropped it a few times but no damage done. Speaking is clear.. I received this product at a discounted price or the item was supplied to me in exchange for the purposes of a product review. All opinions are 100% my own and they reflect my honest & unbiased opinion
R2Z2IPZMOOBN8P	4.0	Great value for a kid's tablet	0	0	This tablet is similar to our Nexus tablet in function. You can download any app, connect to the internet and take pictures with the camera. The rubber case is good for grip and protection against falls. It might be able to be removed but not easily and I'm not sure I would be able to get it back on if it was removed. The tablet's color underneath is a pearly white. One of my favorite functions is the screen lock. It has the option of a PIN, password or face recognition. This is a great way to make sure kids only use the tablet when I want them to. The screen and camera quality aren't the best and charger is different from other google/android products I own. For those reasons I gave this product 4 starts instead of 5. It would be nice if I could use the same power cord so it could be charged in the car for longer trips. The price is right for this overall great tablet.
R2UAXQHL843O0H	5.0	orbo jr 4gb andriod 4.1 five point muti	0	0	after i had received this tablet was really impressed with it ! it comes with a really soft unbreakable case around it for protection in case it's dropped ! this tablet dose everything as all other tablets ! the book that comes with has all to details in that you'll need in case of any issues and on how to get started on using the tablet ! all steps are very easy to follow ! this a camera built in so your little one can take there own pictures ! there are a lot apps and games for them play ! you well want to charge fully before using and follow steps ! this is on really nice tablet for your child ! i would recommend this tablet for anyone out there looking to but one for that Birthday Christmas ect . gift ! these are my own words received this product as a promotion return for my honest review
R15EBUODNFKDDS	5.0	Great device for the price	1	1	Durable, strong, the device holds up well, and works with no problems.. Movies, games, apps all work.. A++++ in my book!!
R25EG1DHBGBR4U	2.0	Kind of disappointed with that	1	1	My daughter likes it of course because she's 4 but it does not hold a charge for too long. Kind of disappointed with that.
R2SVWEXX96L5JJ	1.0	What a MISERABLE Experience and Device! Don't Buy IT! Spend the extra $20 for the ASUS	0	0	We got this for our son thinking what a great item. 1) First of all it came with 2.65 GB. 0.98 of it was hard drive and the rest was a flash drive. It also came with 4.4 kitkat which was obvious that it was far out of it's league. 2) The battery life; after I had optimized the device for better battery usage I was flipping through pages and it went down 10 percent in two minutes. I'm not exaggerating on that. 3) Contacting the seller was an absolute miserable experience as well. I sent them my questions and complaints three times before I got a response (automated of course) It took them over a week and of course no apology no true customer service nothing. Anyways, we're moving onto a different device and returning this on their bill for a complete refund. Note my screen shot saying Total Space... 1.65GB and it's advertised to have 4GB!
R1R8PBO49ZIB2B	2.0	You get what you pay for sadly.	0	0	I was impressed with the quality of the tablet. it's a good size and has nice features, but it came with absolutely NO INSTRUCTIONS. This is the 1st tablet we've owned. I bought it for my 7 year old son & now I have no idea at all how to use it, how to put apps on it, or what to do with it. He's figured out how to use the camera & some basic preloaded apps, but I don't have a clue beyond that. The battery does Not last long. if you're looking for something that you can take on long trips, traveling, to baby sitter's etc - this is not for you. After fully charging he only gets a few hours of use before it completely dies. For the price I paid, I can't complain too much (if we figure out how to use it properly) - but I wouldnt buy this again if given the option. You get what you pay for & clearly I should have spent the extra money to get a better quality tablet.
RIIR352XCWCP6	5.0	Perfect Kids' Tablet for Our Eight Year Old	0	0	Our 8 year old was always playing on each family member's electronics; my Kindle, Dad's Tab, Sister's iPad; so when the opportunity presented itself to get the Orbo Jr. 4GB Android 4.1 Five Point Multi Touch Tablet PC - Kids Edition in Blue in exchange for my unbiased opinion, I jumped at the opportunity. Straight out of the box, it's super kid friendly, and my son had no problem accessing Netflix, his favorite YouTube channels, and downloading his favorite games. The tablet comes with its own matching tablet bumper guard to protect against running around with it in his hand. Best part of having a kid who has his own tablet is that you can always find yours! Without getting into the specs, which you can already find in the description, we have quite sometime before our 8 year old will outgrow his tablet, making it a worthwhile investment.
R2Q0234V6586E5	5.0	worth the money	1	1	purchased for my 3 year old daughter for xmas. For the price i feel we got our $ worth. could be used as an adult tablet
RPSRU9M8YEBN0	1.0	WASTE OF MONEY!!!!	0	0	DO NOT BUY!!!! 1. THIS IS NOT A KID'S TABLET. It's a regular low end tablet that runs on Android. It doesn't even come with apps for kid's already installed. You would have to personalize it just like any other tablet. 2. THE CASE IS FOR STYLE ONLY. I bought this tablet for my daughter for Christmas. Only about an hour of using it, she got too excited and it slipped from her left hand on to our dinner table. The tablet literally took about a 5-6 inch fall whereby only the bottom right corner (the strongest part of the case) his the table. This minor hit cause the entire inner screen to crack all over and now the tablet is not working. 3. NO FEEDBACK FROM SELLER! After sending my complaints to the seller, I received an automated response saying they will respond in one day....guess what.....it's been a week an no response.
R28OFENZL84SI7	1.0	Disappointed is an understatement.	2	3	We were looking for a simple tablet for our toddler for long car rides or times where we need him a little distracted. When it went on sale we thought this was a great deal. Then after getting it to finally hold a 36% battery charge once we started using it we noticed the issues it came with. First off.....this is NOT a kids tablet. It does NOT come kid ready. We had to manually create it and download apps that were kid lock savvy to make it that way. The relay from the touch screen is delayed, video footage is very choppy and certain settings wouldn't stay in place. It's a shame because it is a great size and weight and has a fun case but the technology isn't there behind it. Being returned immediately and canceling the one we purchased as a gift for our nephew. Super bummed!
R37MS1F9S2M071	5.0	Orbo Jr	0	0	This tablet is great for a kid even though it is just like a regular tablet for adults, it is a android and it has google play store. I received this tablet at a discount for my honest and unbiased review, my kids love this tablet because they are able to do the same things that my other android tablet does, it is easy to navigate for them, it also has the runner protective case which is nice since my kids are always dropping tablets. Even an adult can use this tablet if they want because there is all the same apps on them that other tablets have. you can connect to wifi on it and take pictures and listen to music. this tablet is great for all ages and I think they will enjoy it even for the price that it is. The tablet comes with a charger you can plug into the wall and it comes with a usb cord that you can hook up to the computer.
R33QQPK6DR7HUV	2.0	If yours work, it's great for the price.	1	1	Great price for a tablet for kids if yours work. This one stop charging and makes screeching noise when plugged in.
R1VBCRAO7QHWG5	3.0	orbo jr.	1	1	ordered 2. only one worked . ordered another did not work. ordered a 4th and did not work. so one out of 4 worked,
R2JLEU059PNGHT	2.0	Great Idea but Switched to the Fire	0	0	I purchased this (and a blue one) on a Lightning Deal hoping they would be suitable for my grandsons: I ended up returning them. They worked okay at first, but before the month was up they started having issues. One of the units would not charge properly even though four different cords were used. One of the units also would only allow a maximum of four games to be loaded before it maxed out. I would have assumed "Operator Error" were it not for the fact that we had two units being used side by side with the same number of photos saved and the same games being installed and uninstalled. As I said, I ended up returning these and upgrading my grandsons to the Amazon Fire Kid's Edition: they were considerably more cost-wise, but they have been running perfectly for over two months with no issues whatsoever.
R2ST77JN8ER7BU	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great tablets that work really well! Customer service helped with some concerns I had promptly! Very satisfied!!!
R2CN8OACICQ4YN	5.0	Loved this Lil'Tablet	1	1	This was a Christmas gift for my Niece. She LOVED it! I charged it and setup all her apps. It was so easy to use.
R3DCWV80HVEYTF	1.0	Save Your Money	0	0	This tablet is terrible. We had gotten it for my kids so that they would stop fighting over the Kindle Fire HD that we have and because Amazon pre-installs so much crap on their tablets that it doesn't leave much room for much else. The screen on it is so terrible that it literally hurts my eyes to look at it. It doesn't hold a charge for very long and it takes forever to charge back up. I've had it plugged in now for about 6 hours (turned off) and it's only 70% charged. After spending about 20 minutes trying to updated apps for my kids, it's down to 5%. Ridiculous. I wish that I would've returned this when I had the chance but it's too late now. It also over heats something terrible and freezes all the time. If you're looking for an inexpensive tablet I recommend looking elsewhere. I have to laugh that the retail price on it is like $199. For that kind of money go out and buy yourself a Samsung Tablet!
RAI3WQB7A6SRD	4.0	great for ages 5 and up!	0	0	A nice tablet. More so for older kids about 5 and up. I purchased for my toddler thinking there was a kid mode when there isnt. I had to download one from the play store. It came precharged. And has a nice bright screen and loud sound. Easily connected to my wifi. It did take longer to download games compared to other devices i own. Also its a head on view, if you tilt the tablet even slightly you cant see anything. My daughter still loves it though. Already dropped (saw that happening )and the bumper truly protected it! Has a screen protector on as well which is a nice add on! This tablet has everything i needed. Didnt have to buy anything for it. Its 7 inches. Perfect for kids! Nice tablet! I received this orbo jr 4gb android 4.1 tablet complimentary discounted in exchange for an honest unbiased review.
R3GYRUMKJP0629	5.0	it's awesome.	1	1	My daughter loves this tablet. It runs a little slow, but you get what you pay for. For the price, it's awesome.
R1E06YW2GMVW48	4.0	Great little tablet for the price.	0	0	This tablet definitely was not what I expected. It is not a kids tablet right off the bat. It is a fully functional Samsung tablet that you can surf the internet on, get emails, peruse social media, and watch Netflix on. As the parent you need to download the apps you want your child to have. It does not come with pre downloaded apps. Overall, I really like this tablet. It is nice and small for my sons little hands and it comes with a nice silicone case to make it easier to hold on to. It works well, has a decent amount of space and a clear screen. However, the sound is not great. The volume does not go up very high and the sound is a little distorted. Overall though, I would definitely recommend this especially for the price! I received this item at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.
R23CFMRKQHBPFU	5.0	Just buy it!	0	0	Purchased for a 3 yr old. It's only "toy-like" in appearance, but it's a real Android tablet with all the bells and whistles of any other tablet. Was half charged. Includes a cheap charger with a short wire, that nevertheless works and can easily be replaced with a better one. Works perfectly. Screen appearance is not the absolute brightest, but it's clear. I loaded his favorite game and educational apps (free) and deleted what he doesn't need (i.e. FaceBook). Can't beat the price. Just buy it. If you're trying to decide between this and a LeapFrog, as I was; the difference is that LeapFrog will ultimately cost you a heck of a lot more than just the cost of the tablet because their apps are not free and cost an average of $7.99-$35 (see http://www.leapfrog.com/en-us/app-center/c).
R1ESQAN7NKI9R9	1.0	not good	1	1	do not buy this tablet. it is horrible product. will not charge or stay charged. my son was very disappointed.
R95U4IDT4CN5Q	1.0	Don't buy this one	1	1	Not very happy about this product. Very very slow, not a good purchase for a child just too slow for kids.Junk
R3T8JSQ5J1RXER	4.0	Good for a $60 tablet.	0	0	It 's not a toy, it is a fully functional Wi-Fi tablet. The real question here what to expect of the $60 tablet. I think the tablet is good enough for its price. Pro: - cheap - light - has protective rubber sleeve (very usable for kids) - it is Android - you can install thousands of free or nearly free apps - the picture and sounds are pretty good Cons: - battery is not great. Just enough for 1-2 h of work - the camera is not great too. The photos I could make had bad quality - sometimes the tablet fall asleep and it takes some time to get it awake - a little bit slow and freeze sometimes - has only 2Mb of free space for apps and data (as I can see). It might be too tight. Overall it is a good first little tablet for a kid.
R8VBRGTU8F2ME	5.0	Overall worth every penny!	2	3	I am very impressed with this tablet. I have only owned it for about a week but it is very easy to use! When I first recieved it, I played on it for two hours just downloading different apps for my nearly 2 year old son. When I first started using the app it had only 49 percent battery and still lasted 2 hours. I dont understand what the people are talking about with the battery life being bad (and if you expect your child to be on it for multiple hours, you must think it as a babysitter!). Easy to hold and sound and video quality are awesome! If you read the 1 star reviews, its usually people talking about customer service from the seller and not the actual product itself. Cant beat the quality for the price!
RWH39EDVNISXQ	1.0	the os on this sucks my kid broke it in less than a week	1	1	the os on this sucks my kid broke it in less than a week ...not a good buy if you want a tablet for your kid.
R3W1KDODE4NCUC	1.0	I had pretty low expectations because of the price but the battery ...	0	0	This tablet wasn't worth the money. It was slow. The battery life is nonexistent. I had pretty low expectations because of the price but the battery lasted a half-hour on two separate Orbo Jr. tablets. You can't use the Orbo Jr. on low battery even if it's plugged in which boggles my mind. The slowness was really difficult. My kids would get frustrated when it randomly shut off while playing a game. The final nail in of the coffin was when one of the kids dropped it from a low height and it exploded it shattered so bad. We've had broken phones, a broken iPad… nothing has been destroyed so easily and this is designed for kids? Overall, I'm really let down. This was a terrible Christmas gift. I feel sad for the kids. I recommend spending a little more on the Kindle Fire or an iPad.
RHT79TPYDNS19	4.0	Great for kids	0	0	This tablet is great for kids. The imaging over all and the resolution of the camera are low, but it's for kids! I bought 2 during Christmas season, one for my 3 and 6 yr old nieces to share and one for my 4 and 10 yr old god-daughters to share. They love it. I was able to download about 4 apps for each niece on one tablet, since the internal memory isn't huge. The amount of videos they can record and pictures they can take is low, but again I say It's GREAT For Kids. You also only get about 3-4 hrs of play time before it needs recharging, but I don't allow them to use it longer than an 1-1 1/2 hrs anyway. I haven't had any of the issues like those the other tablet reviews have had, such as charging issues, shutting down issues etc. Keeping my fingers crossed with a smile!
R2J8UJMPCA51SB	5.0	great tablet for kids	1	1	Fantastic first time tablet for kids. Easy to set up and use. Bought one for 5 of my grandkids. Great price
R2F9TM8B5OUCS3	2.0	Bad...	0	0	The tablet looks quite nice, but is far too slow to be useable. The case is nice and protective and looks of quality. I bought this for my daughter to watch youtube and amazon instant video on. Youtube takes several minutes to open and load a video and most of the time it didn't load at all (yes I was right next to my wifi connection, where my laptop and droid phone were getting full connection) The Amazon app nor amazon instant video are compatible on this device, won't even show up in the play store. Wifi signals were always lower than my other devices as well. Good concept, but charging a little more and getting some decent speed is necessary. Pro's: Cheap Looks Good Con's: Very Very Slow Poor Wifi Connectivity & Range
R1LDWNJP8D6B80	5.0	Orbo jr is alot of fun!	0	0	All though the Orbo jr. is intended for kids, I decided to snag one for my self because it looked fun and I couldn't beat the price.It doesn't have a huge memory so dont expect it to be super fast or all "i" like...It works great for checking email, web browsing, playing mad birds and other simple tasks.It also is pretty tough too.I didn't mean to but ended up dropping it a couple times already and it just bounced a bit before landing.The rubber skin that comes with it is really handy.The battery last quite a while( around 4-5 hours) before needing charge. This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review, so here it is...Great for a first tablet for kids for sure. I'm not a kid but this little guy is a lot of fun. I like it.
R1KYI2BKZ9WX3P	5.0	I love that I can access the google store and add ...	0	0	Got this in today and my son loves it! He can watch his videos and play around with it, without my worrying as to whether or not he is going to break mom or dad's iPads. I love that I can access the google store and add apps to it for him. It comes with google chrome and netflix preinstalled which would important for my purchase. It is basically a 7" tablet that an adult would use, in a nice silicone type child friendly case. Also, it charges via usb (usb cord attaches to provided wall outlet charger) so that will be nice on car trips to charge with ease. I did receive a discount for my honest review and to be honest, that's what prompted my purchase of this item...but had I know how nice the "kids" tablet was I would've purchased for him earlier. hehe
R3FS8QUZXJJLQJ	2.0	not very good quality and the screen is very hard to watch	1	1	not very good quality and the screen is very hard to watch. Hurts my eyes. Terrible, even for a kid's toy.
RNIQDHES0UPJS	4.0	Great tablet for all ages	0	0	This tablet is a steal at this price. Very light and durable. It has a rubber shell, which is removable, that makes it great for kids and adults alike. Curious as to how well this shell worked I dropped it purposely several times and left no visable damage. It has a "TF" card slot which after some research is the same thing as an micro SD card. I read online that some TF card slots will not read micro SD cards, this is not the case here. The screen does have an odd glare at angles and altho it says its 4gigs mine is really about 2. I'm not sure why. However, other than those 2 flaws I love this little tablet. Like I said above its a steal at the price as you wont find much better at similar prices and the rubber encasement makes it very kid friendly.
R2QMAZUSMPVQMH	3.0	The port that you plug in the charger came out ...	1	1	The port that you plug in the charger came out attached to the charger tip now the pad cannot be charged.
R2KG4QN5YFIOWM	3.0	Great buy!!!!	1	1	Good product for the price. Does not feel like a samsung, but it does the work just fine. Ideal for kids.
R1BKPED4W8IVN4	5.0	It is what I want and I assured will love it to	1	1	I got it for my 4 yr old grandchild for his 4th birthday. It is what I want and I assured will love it to
R3DNA0XXDJBS1U	5.0	Orbo Rocks!	0	0	What can I say? Fast shipping, great packaging, incredible product! We received the tablet in just a couple of days. It was securely packaged also. I will be doing homeschooling in the fall with my sons & could not have asked for a better offer. My 10 yr old is using it & is thrilled with it. It does everything that any other tablet does. It has all the features of a traditional android tablet, including the ability to download whatever programs you want. It is not just for the little ones! My son will be able to use it this fall to connect to his online classroom. The outer shell is a nice, added bonus. It is sturdy & durable. I have no regrets about snagging this deal! *I purchased this item at a reduced price in exchange for an honest review*
R2R26ZHRZO3J43	4.0	The first one was great but after only a few weeks	0	0	This is the second of these I have purchased for my Grandson's. The first one was great but after only a few weeks, it stopped working. We went it back and in no time, were issued another one. The new one works great!! I took this one out of its box and tested it, and so far, so good. The real test will be to see how it fares in the hands of the 9yr old who will be getting it. I am hoping that it holds a charge for more than an hour. We shall see. For the price and quality, this seems to be a great buy, it looks fantastic and when its running well, the games are easy to see and use. There are a lot of bad reviews, but more good ones, so I took another change on this tablet. If it appears to be in great working order, I would definitely order another one.
RA05BJTIRB0VO	1.0	Cant charge. No battery after 3 months	0	0	I have been missing out! I should have purchased this product a long time ago, my child always wants to use my kindle. Well finally he has his own tablet. He is only 7 years old and I found this product to be user friendly for him. I like how easy it was for me to set up. Installing and picking what apps I wanted for him to use. I was able to install items such as Netflix and YouTube. I have decided that I will only apply educational apps for him to use as he gets enough gaming. The blue is a great color and the protective pad on it gives the extra support to make it child friendly! I am really happy with this product as it is perfect for my child! He is very happy with it. I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review. Update... Stopped working after 3 months battery won't keep charge. Changing review to 1 star. Horrible product now.
R2H10F4S5JBFDJ	4.0	... i found another cord that fit and it work fine.	1	1	the only thing is the cord to change it did not work so i found another cord that fit and it work fine.
R3NZ1YDJSI109H	1.0	DO NOT BUY	0	0	This was a gift for my 2 sons...mostly to keep them from demanding my ipad but gave them as a gift for their birthdays. I was actually really excited to give them these. I opened them a head of time to load a few games and make sure that they were fully charged when they opened them and then made sure to completely shut them down and put them back in their boxes. The big day came two days later, they were opened...and they were dead. So, now I have 2, 4 year olds who are super excited and don't understand why they can't play with their new tablets. I bought them a few months ago when they were on sale so I can no longer return them so I have some pretty useless paperweights. Very unhappy. DO NOT BUY THESE. They are a waste of your time and money.
R2I8SUJ0PYTW1G	2.0	Ultimately lacking, not kid friendly	0	0	The screen scratches so easily, the turn off/on/sleep button is impeded by the silicone (I have to peel it away to get to it), and there is virtually no memory on it. I had to put in a 32gb memory card to put on movies for my 2 year old. If you do buy this, get a screen protector and extra memory. It's fine to play a few simple games, but you can't install firmware to keep your kid from exiting the game (hitting the back button) and that was the buzz killer for us - she can't play games on it because she touches the screen and it constantly exits the game - so she just watches films on it when we go to restaurants. I half regret buying this item because it's not really for kids. As others said, it's just a basic tablet with a silicone case. Meh.
R15Q6H063VW0MH	2.0	Definitely not for kids	0	0	No a good tablet and definitely not for kids. I let the tablet fully charge then I tried to down load the amazon app store but I could not , the tablet could not open the file. I tried again but the same thing happened. That's was just one problem after the second try I could not get any thing on amazon to respond, I tried to go back but that didn't work. I went to Google but it took for ever to load. I have high speed modem and router so that's not the problem. I looked at the battery life and after about 10 minutes it went from 100% to about 50%. If you gave this tablet to a child he or she would be very up set that it responded so slow and I sure it would bring them to tears when the battery died in 30 minutes. Avoid this tablet at all costs. I'm send this tablet back to Amazon
R2LXI0U2L3BZTY	5.0	Mommy must have!!!!	0	0	Greatest children tablet! My son is a little under 2 years old and he loves this tablet! I love that you have access to thousands of games in the app store. The wireless internet connectivity is a huge plus too. There are 1,000's of toddler friendly apps to download. The rubber cover offers me peace while my child plays with this tablet very protective! One other thing that I love is that the buttons are hidden. My son loves to push buttons on my tablet and phone but he cant do that on this one unless I show him where they are which is great bc buttons distract him while playing games. We no longer need a portable dvd player in our car my son just plays on his tablet! I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
R1L8JCFSEFCFCP	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	I bought this tablet for my son who was hooked on my phone, now he leaves my phone alone and uses this tablet. I hooked him up to our wifi and he knows exactly what to do dealing with the android system is perfect for him, Hes a rough and tough boy who jumps around all day like any other 4 year old so its wonderful that it has the protector so there is no worrying about him breaking his tablet. I also use the built in timer so that he only uses it for so long and is not just sitting on it all day. It has a great charge time also and the baterry lasts too. i am very satisfied with this product and that i have my phone back! * i recieved this product for a discounted price for my honest and unbiased review and this opinion is 100% my own
R1YTRURH9E6FNP	5.0	Definitely worth buying	0	0	When I first opened the box I didn't know what to to expect from the negative reviews but what a surprise it's better than I expected. I don't why it's so many negative reviews because I have found not one single thing wrong it. The screen is amazing and show crystal clear. The battery life is about the same as any other tablet. I connected to WiFi without a problem and was ready to download my daughter apps right away. And the case is so pretty and durable. It differently protects the tablet as well as the screen. It's very worth it in my eyes. My kids loves it also and it hasn't been lagging at all. Just overall a excellent kids/starter tablet. *I received this product for a discounted price in exchange for my honest opinion*
R1ZNBFFJPRAT67	4.0	4year old loves it! So do the rest of us.	0	0	We are enjoying our sons tablet, all of us, lol. He is 4, so we were able to download various activities that will help prep him for kindergarten, which was the aim of the purchase. He does enjoy watching netflix on it too, which is fun for him, because it's so easy to use. I like that I can control what he has access to, and he can't get into anything he shouldn't be. I left off one star because of the fact it's kind of a pain to get the charger in if the cover is on, so I generally have to peel the cover off to plug it in. Other than this small issue, we are really enjoying the tablet. It stays charged for a good amount of time, and the cord can even be used with an adaptor in the car. We use one of our iPhone cubes, and it works great.
R2VOUHTTEL4AW1	1.0	Power button jammed	1	1	Very disappointing. The power button was jammed and would not turn on. Not good for Christmas morning.
RY86A8HJMYYVU	4.0	good tablet, cheap charger	1	1	The tablet works great. Only down side is that chargers and headphones don't plug in through the case.
RBPD28MLZXF7I	1.0	In the process of obtaining a refund...	0	0	Where do I begin? For a Christmas gift for a four-year-old and five-year-old girl, we purchased two of these tablets. We knew the kids were young, so we didn't want to get them a kindle fire, in fear they would break them or not be interested in a tablet. Out of the box, one was cracked and the other never held a charge/never charged. These were a bust, but we thought that we just got a defective one. We ordered a second one to replace the one not charging and literally one day out of the box, the USB port began to malfunction and charging was impossible. I am in the process of trying to receive a refund, even for the one with a cracked screen. ABSOLUTELY DO NOT BUY. TERRIBLE PRODUCT IN EVERY WAY, SHAPE OR FORM.
RK7VFDSREPB5F	5.0	very nice	0	0	I have read a lot of reviews on this product and was really worried about it. but i really like it. it doesnt seem to be for a little kid because of everything that it comes with but after installing an app for that it works great i dont have any problems with it and actually installed 4 to 5 apps before charging it. “*I have received this product without charge to write an honest review, I have received no instruction and the opinions expressed are my own.” Things i wanted to know before i got mine. it uses a micro USB jack to charge it and it says that it allows for connection to support HDTVs via microUSB-to-HDMI. it also has a slot for a micro SD card for more memory (which i suggest to do since it is only a 4 gb)
RD5ANF3YYGGTD	4.0	Good value tablet - not really a 'kids edition'	0	0	Bought for a kidergartner to reclaim my iPad. It's a christmas gift, so this review is focused on shipping and setup. Will update after little man gets some use out of it. Shipment was quick (arrived < 1 wk from purchase, standard shipping). Came in a box which I appreciated. Charged it and began downloading apps (christmas morning of waiting on it to charge and having 0 apps isn't ideal). It's a true android tablet. The only thing that makes this a Kids Edition is the colorful protective case and screen protector (and all the apps I'm loading). This isn't a negative, just something to be aware of - no separate kids and parent modes. Which means it should grow with him better and i can use it when my iPad is in use.
R2EBBGECJYXI7U	2.0	Terrible buy...	0	0	This tablet is terrible. I bought this for three children ages 5, 7, and 10 and we were all unimpressed. The tablet is slow and 1 gig gets you like three app's which many of them don't work like snapchat and the furby app which work perfectly fine on every other electronic we have. The tablet takes forever to do anything and it is just a tablet, if you want child protection of any kind, you need to download the apps to do so. Even with access storage half the apps wouldn't work. The battery life is terrible. For this price you could get a much better tablet that actually works. the only good thing about this is the case which you can't even charge the tablet with the case on (even with the hole). I'd steer clear from this tablet.
R2HXQ4HF9K8G4X	2.0	HELP! Wi-fi not working	0	0	I ordered the tablet for my son after my co-worker said she ordered 2 for her grandchildren. At work, she was able to connect both tablets to the Wi-Fi. I was not able to. It says the password is saved, but does not connect. When I click on "connect" it says "authentication error". (I even got the more expensive one at $75 to make sure I got a good one, my co-worker bought the cheaper ones at $60) I cannot find a number anywhere of who to call to get tech support. I have rebooted, etc. etc. This is my very first time ordering from Amazon, was a bit skeptical, but felt reassured when my co-worker said she's ordered before. I am hoping it is not defective (we are close to Christmas). I was not sure how to rate it yet. Please help.
RF2GFFO7NECKY	1.0	i have been with amazon for a long time and have had nothing but good results. so please try and help me with ...	0	0	i have had this jr tablet for less than 6 months and it is already not working. i have done the steps for the troubleshooting, several times, and it still won't get to the icons. it will come on go as far as the "android" part then a thing comes up saying, "Unfortunately, the process com.android.systemui has stopped." i click on the "ok" and it comes right back up. if there is anything you can do for me i would much appreciate it. i have been with amazon for a long time and have had nothing but good results. so please try and help me with this problem. my granddaughter loved this. thanks, carol munson ps: once i do have it on (to try and get it to work) it can't be turned off till the battery runs down.
R2QOVFZMMBE1K0	2.0	Poor quality tablet	1	1	Poor quality tablet. We returned it and got a Kindle HD 6. Should have done that in the first place.
RSBZMILT6JAV8	2.0	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY, I REGRET IT	0	0	I purchased 3 of these tablets blue, red, & pink for Christmas but unfortunately i was inpatient for a months & we did not celebrate Christmas until just a month or so ago. But my great grandchildren love the tablets but these tablets do not hold a charge for nothing, the case is so bulky you have to take it out to charge it & the charging insert has now broken on 2 of the tablets. They were a complete waste of money & if i could i would return then for my money back. I even had the red one sent back & received a new one but the same thing is happening & now is all 3 of them. Customer service was great & that's the only reason I'm even giving this 2 stars. Don't waste your money, your children will be disappointed.
RIUN9M0HGFK49	4.0	Awesome for kids!	0	0	I had gotten this for a birthday gift for my son and he has not put it down sence getting it! This is a good tablet for a child. The only thing is sometimes it may freeze or lag. It also takes a while to charge back up. The screen/colors aren't as good as a more expensive tablet but you do get what you pay for. I will say it is good for the price. Its just fine for a child or if you can't afford something more expensive. This tablet is a very good price and does get the job done. I got not many complaints from my son. I really like that it has the silicone case/bumper around it. So in case it gets dropped it has that added protection. I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest unbiased review.
R32D4ZHYWK35HM	1.0	One Star	1	1	Ordered two tablets and had to return both of them because we couldn't get them to connect to WiFi.
R22CTNPB0MLDPW	5.0	My daughter loves it and the case makes it easier ...	1	1	My daughter loves it and the case makes it easier for her to grip to play her games or watch movies
R2HZK8QA7S6B64	3.0	this tablet is pretty good. That being said	0	0	These tablets are cute and serve their purose. I wanted inexpensive tablets for my young children because they would take our cell phones and use them until the battery would die. Because my kids are so young I didn't want to spend a fortune on a children's tablet just yet. So for the price, this tablet is pretty good. That being said, the tablets do not really hold a charge well. They only last about an hour and a half before we have to take them from our Unhappy kids and recharge them. They also freeze a lot. But Overall, for preschool aged children this tablet serves it's purpose. They've lasted for a month with no serious problems. For children school aged I would recommend investing in a more expensive tablet.
R1VARA2PRNXMHD	4.0	Buy with realistic expectations and you will be happy!	0	0	Awesome purchase! I got this tablet for my toddler daughter. I was slightly hesitant because of so many negative reviews but I figured for the price, this was worth getting and I was correct. Do not buy this tablet if you are expecting something that works like your iPad, Kindle HDX, or Samsung tablets. The processor in this is not as fast, the graphics aren't as nice, the screen resolution isn't as great, but this tablet is great for kids. If you are looking for something affordable for your child to use, then this is a good buy. It has the Google Play store on it so that'll open a lot of options for you for apps, games, movies, and music. Buy with realistic expectations and you will be happy!
R73LQUGT6V6FJ	4.0	Good for the price paid!	0	0	Great product--especially for the price. This met the price range we were looking for and we got a good deal for our dollar. It for the most part functions as well as my husbands more expensive android tablet. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because on several occasions if we allowed it to completely go dead, getting it to restart was a challenge--it would give an error of sorts--android with an open panel. The rubber case that it comes with is great, comfortable to hold, has helped with some drops that have happened. I would definitely recommend to friends and family and would reorder with no hesitation. I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
R2OAB33PO00OL6	5.0	this is a great tablet. His parents also said that they were ...	0	0	I bought this tablet for my nephew for his birthday. In his words, this is a great tablet. His parents also said that they were happy that it was easy to set up and for him to use. At 8 years old, they didn't want to get him a more expensive tablet. They did want him to have a tablet that would grow with him though. Especially one that could be handled a little rough. This tablet has already been dropped a couple of times and still works fine. They are already looking forward to when I get one for his little sister when she gets a little older. I will definitely be buying another one when she is. I got this item at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review.
R3I2F8IEJY3R9I	4.0	Great product--especially for the price	0	0	Great product--especially for the price. After our Kindle "disappeared" we were looking for a replacement for the kids. This met the price range we were looking for and we got a long of bang for our buck. It for the most part functions as well as my husbands more expensive android tablet. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because on several occasions if we allowed it to completely go dead, getting it to restart was a challenge--it would give an error of sorts--android with an open panel. The rubber case that it comes with is great, comfortable to hold, has helped with some drops that have happened. I would definitely recommend to friends and family and would reorder with no hesitation.
R3P64268KR130Z	3.0	My grandkids will love this, I'm not so sure.	0	0	I bought 2 of these. One for each grandchild. Both took all night to charge up. One I have already sent back because the "play" time was only 2 hours. The other was 6. I kept the one that held a charge for 6 hours. I figured it was enough for playtime with my small grandchildren. 2 hours was unacceptable. The tablet itself is really a marvel considering it has the ability to even be a phone and like it's adult counterparts, it is capable to playing and doing almost anything that a larger tablet can do. The price was right too. Funny thing though, both tablets were bought at the same time, same shipment, but each was loaded differently. That I don't understand why they would be different.
R1PX13403G9NLB	1.0	Don't waste your time or money on this tablet.	0	0	The charger that came with the tablet broke in just a few short days. The tablet isn't very rugged which I expected since it is marketed towards smaller children. It feels flimsy like it will break fairly easy. Within two weeks of use it started freezing up and getting very hot while playing with it. The back casing of the unit popped off but thankfully popped back on. I even have the silicone case to protect it which makes charging it at the same time tough because the hole for the charger cord is too small. The battery life is pretty much a joke. Now the tablet is permanently froze up with a white screen that you can't get past. This honestly was a big waste of money. I'm so disappointed.
RHWN0A1XEN49	2.0	1 week and malfunctioning already	0	0	I purchased this item on the 30oct14, today is the 6Nov14 and the speaker is not working, Also the tablet freezes constantly and there is a delay in the response time of the touchscreen, which would drive anyone nutssss. This item was purchased mainly for my 2yr old son to view videos, while viewing a video the entire thing just went silent. Now this tablet has not fallen and has not been mistreated as my son handles it with care, surprisingly. The audio issues are intermittent, sometimes it would work and sometimes its just silent. After seeing the joy on my son's face when I gave this to him, it hurts that I have to sent it back. However I would not be purchasing another one of its kind.
R1EXYXP8SW0OWY	5.0	Good for a starter tablet	0	0	This tablet arrived very quickly which is great. It did not come with scratches like some of the other reviewers said. It did have a smudge, but nothing that couldn't be wiped off. At first I was concerned about it because it kept saying that there wasn't a connection, but then I realized that you have to set it up. After that, it worked great, and the sound is great. The battery was going down fast, but that is going to happen the first time you use it. After you fully charge it later, it should stay full for longer. It is small, and it is very thin. So if you are going to give it to someone who isn't gentle with their electronics, I probably wouldn't go this route. All in all, I'm very happy with this purchase :)!!
R1119R1F4AUVMW	5.0	Buy a screen protector! Great tablet!	0	0	Surpassed my imagination. I thought this would be a nice cheapo tablet for my 3 year old. It needs up being fantastic for the price! It's exceeded my expectations! The battery life is great, the version is great, it's as good as my cell-phone and I think it can be used as a phone even! It takes a SIM card which I haven't messed with or tried it out yet. The only thing I would recommend is buying a screen protector for it ASAP! Do not let your child play with it without one. My 3 year old has played with it twice and the screen LOOKS awful.... I wish I would have known the screen would scratch so easily. That's the only downfall, but I highly recommend this tablet as it is a very good one!
RXLKDSYOQC2I6	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This product is great!!! I purchased it for my nephew, and I recommend this to everyone. Thanks
R11XRG32FV43XW	5.0	Nice tablet	0	0	I purchased this tablet at a discounted price for an honest review. I would say if you buying this for a young child it would be perfect for them but don't expect to be getting a top of the line tablet. I purchased this for my 3 year old and all she does is watch you tube for kids. The screen isn't the highest resolution, but it doesn't bother my child one bit. It's really easy to use and set up got wifi. You can download apps right from the Google play store so it was easy to down the same games she used to play on mine. The sound quality is awesome and perfect for your little one. I was even able to change the background on the home screen you pictures of SpongeBob and she loves it.
R35NCWQLKOK3FT	4.0	Cute, useful tablet	0	0	My granddaughter is thrilled with this tablet. Her mom tells me she's been taking it with her everywhere. She's able to play all the little preschool games she likes. We've also installed skype, which I really like. She's a little young for things like facebook and email, but this tablet will easily handle those tasks. My only complaints are that I found it to be slower than my android tablet when I was setting it up and installing apps and the protective sleeve was easier for her to remove than I would've liked. Neither of these are dealbreakers. I would buy this item again. This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R1IIRCTTP55036	4.0	Great tablet especially for the price	0	0	I purchased this tablet for my 1 year old son because him and his brother are always fighting over the other tablet we purchased for our 3 year old son. It is exactly what the description says it is. Even though it's geared towards kids our whole family uses it. It's a great little tablet. You can do anything on it. I would recommend using a SD card since it's only 4GB. It's a little slow on some things but for the price it's a great deal.we have another android tablet which is almost identical except the orbo has a better camera. I was actually surprised at all the things you can do with the orbo tablet. Couldn't be happier that I got this tablet and that I got it at a great price!
R2H0S0T6TLK6Z5	5.0	My Husband is a little jealous of my 2 year old's new toy	0	0	This is a simple tablet that is easy to use, and the perfect size for my 2 year old. We were tired of him trying to steal our computers, phones and tablets for play, and we're looking for something that was more appropriate for him. The cover on the tablet is snug enough that he hasn't been tempted to try to remove it yet, and on we're still on the first charge with about 50% of the battery left after 4 hours of play (including me setting it up and downloading apps for him, over 3 days). My husband has played with it as well, and while he said that he thinks it's perfect for our kid, said that he wishes he got one too! I received this item at a discount for my honest review.
R161IR3KPPR304	1.0	... barely ever got to use it because of battery worst product i have ever bought off amazon wouldn't recommend ...	2	3	i bought this tablet for my almost two year old i was more then excited to get him this product cause he loves playing games on my phone when i received product it glitched an could barely hear volume but i thought i give a couple days product never stayed charged unless attached to charger ran very slow then three days ago stoped working completely i tryed to charge product lines came across screen an became very hot an charger mad weird noise it had never been dropped or damaged my son barely ever got to use it because of battery worst product i have ever bought off amazon wouldn't recommend to others
RODYI6ETGIZRK	3.0	Decent	0	0	I think that this tablet is decent considering the price. I purchased it for my twin daughter's which are 3 years old so it's good enough for them, but I do have a problem or two with it. First when I received the tablets one of the two was charged but the other was dead and that is the one with slight battery issues. Also the charger to that one stopped working the second day.The other little problem is that it doesn't have much memory so I have to erase a game or two just to download another but again they're for 3 year olds so it's not to big of an issue since my girls are satisfied. So overall it's an ok product but I wouldn't purchase this one for my 6 year old. Thanks
R1YMAAUSMCK2N3	4.0	Wonderful Service and Product	0	0	Ordered this item last week for my son as a Christmas gift. I read other reviews before purchasing. It is like a real tablet. It arrived earlier than expected. I had no problem charging the tablet through the rubber cover. All I had to do was lift the cover a little as I put the charger connector in. I went on Google app store and downloaded the apps and games for his age that were educational (which is what I purchased it for). The resolution is good for a toddler. The Rubber cover is thick. Haven't had a chance to see what the battery life will be, won't know until after Christmas. That is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. Perfect price and quality for child's play!!!
R116UQYEFDDNR4	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Screen broke right away so unable to use any more and there was no offer for insurance on it.
R3HL44F2VHRFOZ	1.0	Very poor quality tablet, horrible battery life.	0	0	Bought this for my daughter as a christmas present. Set it up about a month before and it seemed to work fine. However upon opening it and plugging it in on christmas day, we discovered that the battery life is quite poor (I sat there and watched the battery monitor tick down 23% in 10 minutes time). Also It refused to run any of the games or apps I installed for her. It would sit there and show the loading screen for 10 minutes then flash black and return to the home screen. Very poor quality tablet. And now it appears that because I started my christmas shopping early and bought this at the end of october I can't return it either. If I could give negative stars I would.
R2G2KS5BEDVUHV	5.0	orbo jr tablet	0	0	This is a really great tablet. It says that it's a jr. But in all reality this tablet is perfect for anyone. It doesn't come preloaded as only a child's tablet. It is up to the parent to put games on it. So you wouldn't have to use it for a child. It comes with the nice bumper to protect it and has good screen clarity. It runs off of androI'd so it's easily operable and has Google play store. The tablet itself is also blue. I've had no issues whatsoever with this tablet. I use it as well as my kids. It runs smoothly. Charged fine from the beginning and worked great. My kids absolutely love it I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.
R2SIA7Z59CYITP	5.0	PERFECT! I thought this tablet is too big for ...	0	0	PERFECT! I thought this tablet is too big for my kids but its not.. the size is perfect.. I love the silicon gel case it stays on the device very well., and the buttons are easy to operate through the case.. you can download hundreds of educational apps for your child on this tablet.. this is perfect for watching movies, playing games and listening to music.. the camera on this tablet is not so good but if your buying this for your kids its doesn't matter because they're using this for games only.. they don't care about the camera..my husband just ordered another one for my boys so they don't have to fight for one tablet :)..I highly recommend this product to everyone!
R217ONC11QZ20Q	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Thank you my daughter will love it.....its for Christmas and it was a lot cheap then Walmart
R3FP3KYIHI534P	3.0	its just ok...	0	0	I bought this for my 6 year old for Xmas. Mostly to get him off my tablet. So, for the most part, it's an ok tablet. It's a bit slower than I prefer, but is just fine for a kid. The internal space is just not worth it though. Other than the apps it came with, after downloading Netflix and 4 games, it says it's out of storage space. I'm hoping I can buy him an sd card for this tablet and solve this problem. For the money, just spend an extra $25. And get a kindle fire. The cheapest one is 6" display with 8g of internal space. I have the kindle fire hdx and I LOVE it. My grandmother just bought the kindle 6"/8g, and it is really about the same. A great tablet.
R2CCILZRPWB20F	2.0	Not impressed	0	0	I purchased this for my 6 year old son. Overall, he seems to like it. However, I have a few issues with it, which is why I rated it 2 stars. This device is rooted and won't play Ultraviolet movies. There is limited memory but it can be expanded with a micro SD card. The resolution is poor. The bumper is easily torn. The power button is difficult to access through the bumper. All in all, I'm sort of satisfied. If it played Ultraviolet movies, I would rate it 3 stars. It does play Google Play movies and we were able to play those from the SD card. I was going to purchase one for my 4 year old daughter, but I will be looking for something different for her.
RXMJY6F84H8VV	5.0	Great tablet....not just for kids!	0	0	My son LOVES this tablet! It is light weight and very durable at the same time. This "Jr" tablet is equivalent to a "grown-up" tablet, as my son says! My husband is just as excited about the Orbo Jr as my son! He has been using the Orbo Jr more than his Kocaso Tablet. The soft silicon cover is wonderful....gives great protection and the buttons are easy to use with it on the tablet. It only has 4 GB of memory, but there is room for expansion. The battery life lasts about 4 hours, but it can be used while it is charging. This Orbo Jr has a good screen resolution. This tablet is GREAT, and very reasonably priced. I would highly recommend this product!
RS6V52DCPBRMH	1.0	Ughhh...really!?!?!?	0	0	Dec 22nd it arrived...great! Before Christmas and it was expected after! Started to get it ready, downloading apps, etc. noticed the resolution was terrible compared to the blue one I purchased (bought both at the same time) and this was supposed to be the "newer" version. I could download the apps, but when it went to install I kept getting errors...on all the apps...other tablet was fine. This one also wasn't packaged like the other one which was clearly "new". Very disappointed...can't give one child a tablet and not the other. Really sucks... Will change my rating if the new one I ordered is overnighted in time for Christmas...doubtful.
R2SNIQ8VTFS8G7	5.0	I wanted a device that would be good for my younger kids	0	0	I wanted a device that would be good for my younger kids. The included bumper makes it easier to grip, without adding much in weight. It is responsive enough for the kids use,and does need to be combined with an app like Kids Place to be truly kid friendly. The app allows for a pin based control of what apps are available for the kids. Streaming apps like Pandora and Netflix work great after updating. Netflix does overpower the speaker with popping noise, but is perfectly clear with decent headphones. With every android device I've owned, I recommend moving all apps to the SD card to save memory. Will probably get another for my other young child.
RW6BDPVIK3MDP	5.0	Got this for my son and so far so good I downloaded a parental control app and its perfect	1	1	Got this for my son and so far so good I downloaded a parental control app and its perfect!
RWRTBBFK66CEK	1.0	It's a Waste of MONEY	0	0	DO NOT BUY!!!! It's a Waste of MONEY! This is my first negative review and the worst item I ever bought from Amazon. I bought this as a Christmas present to my kids. As soon as they opened it on Dec 25 and tried to charge it, it won't work. My 11 year old and I took us a few hours to play with the cord and it actually charged but super slow. We waited overnight to charged full. In the morning, my son only used it for about 30 minutes, because not only it was very slow, it took us literally hours to download a couple of apps. We were out of town, and when I got home I already missed the return time frame. This is a big WASTE of money.
R2DR0YRO5JNS9F	1.0	Not Good Battery Life	0	0	We bought this for my daughter for Christmas. We let her open it on Christmas Eve so we could start charging it. We let it charge all night long & it still was not charged to 100% the next morning. I continued charging until it reached 100% which took until Christmas night to get there. She was on it only 1 1/2 hours, & the battery was completely drained again. We have now had it on the charger for 2 days & it shows that it is only charged to 52%. I will be returning this product. As far as when she was able to use it for the little amount of time that she could it seemed to be ok to watch videos on, but the camera was terrible & it was a little slow.
R3LX4S5OXQZJ16	4.0	A great device, that won't break the bank.	0	0	This tablet definitely ideal for those who are on a budget, yet at the same time are needing a sturdy, efficient and dependable device. Though this device is designed for children, it is efficient enough for adult use and strong enough for child's rough handling. This device is a also easy and simple to use with an android os that most of us are already accustomed to. The built in storage is more than enough for a child and if more is needed just put in your sd card. The only thing that could use improvement is the camera, but hey, its for a kid afterall. So yeah, this is your device if your looking for affordability, dependability and simplicity.
R3ABA7VQGC8PAV	2.0	Not for kids under 7-8	0	0	First off I searched for a tablet for toddler this is what came up first it was ment for our 2 yo to help him with some basic learning and for some fun age appropriate learning games. That being said here are my issues -There is no way a kid under 7-8 can use this. -The user interface is very complicated if you have never delt with android before. -Cameras both front and back are terrible. -Not recommended in my opinion for any kid without supervision. If you are looking for a cheap starter tablet for a 7 and up year old then this might be for you to help set up the responsibility for them owning a better tablet.
R37BENR9EQKZNS	4.0	Nice starter tablet.	0	0	This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review. The tablet is a good size for small hands. That being said it felt cheap due to its light weight. But that may be a good thing, being light. I like that it uses the android operating system since I am used to it. Visual resolution is good and it comes with a lot of programs already installed. I would definitely recommend this tablet to other parents looking for a starter for little ones. This tablet is a Christmas gift for my 6 year old. I played with it for an evening. I will update my review after Christmas. At this point i am very happy about this purchase.
R1FS8S0KMGMHSK	5.0	It was very easy to use	0	0	I purchased this Orbo Jr for my 6 year old son. He is always wanting to use my iPad. I do not want him to break such an expensive electronic. He loves this! It has all of the android apps. I could not believe how many were free! It took about 30 minutes to set up this tablet and load it with new games. It was very easy to use. The graphics are great. Great picture. Good volume. Controls are easy to use. You can increase the memory. It has a SD drive. Has a cushion around it in case it is dropped. At this price I could not ask for more! This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
RFT0H8N0EPQ9O	5.0	Works like a dream	0	0	Got this for my grandson as a Christmas gift. I can't wait to give it to him. I've downloaded all his favorite games and apps. The tablet seems to be a very nice one. The protective cover will be a life saver when it comes to a 2 year old handling this! I've used this for a couple weeks to make sure everything works properly. The touch response is fantastic. Screen is crystal clear. Simple us navigate, and I'm sure my grandson will have even less problems than I ever dreamed of. This is a wonderful tablet to start a little one out on. For the price I am very happy and a little surprise at how well this works and how much memory it has.
R3DZGVL7BSS53C	1.0	Did not work	1	1	Did not work out the box. I charged it fully and turned on. Screen had lines across it.
R3BW6281HZQE5X	3.0	great product if you wanna teach your kids moderation and patients	0	0	Bought for my 2yr old and she loves it. Unfortunately battery life is short, she would only get 2 to 3 hours of play. Which I didn't mind because she doesn't need to be playing on it for that long, but I've been having to use different chargers than the one it came with because it fell apart. Also it can have a fully charged battery before bedtime and it would be dead in the morning. So great product if you wanna teach your kids moderation and patients. Also you have to download all the kid friendly apps with I found pleanty free one plus a free app that acts like a parent mode to avoid your child getting into things they shouldn't
R2TP36SD8ITHON	1.0	Refurbished?	0	0	This tablet appears to be "refurbished", not new. The tablet was probably returned. It has a box label which is dated "March 2014...NEW" and covering that label is another label. Further evidence of this are the obvious scratches across the screen, and the foam/plastic protective bag laying in the bottom of the box. It seems like care was not taken to place the tablet in the original protective bag! Also there was no typical plastic screen protector, although there is a plastic protective film on the back of the tablet. Anyway, this tablet screen quality is worse than my 4yr old android phone and slower too.
R1XA599VJQESSB	5.0	Great as a starter Tablet	0	0	Orbo Jr. 4GB Android 4.1 Blue I was in need of a tablet for my 3 year old niece, because i once handed her a ipad and she broke it , so i needed something more kid friendly After looking around the brand Orbo kept coming up as a good tablet to start off for a kid, So i ordered one. didn't really know what to expect. Its very well made, It has kid only apps and you can set it up for ur own use, It kid friendly, My niece loved it and droped it and it did not break great right? Well thats a plus for me lol. I love the built in wifi not only for her but for myself the speed of the table is pretty fast... so far so good
RF7K2V4SMXH6Q	1.0	Looked good in the box but when trying to connect to ...	0	0	VERY UPSET! Looked good in the box but when trying to connect to the internet, it wont connect. WIFI it shows connected, my router shows the allowed device, but the device wont go past that. No other connectivity issues on any of the other wireless devices. It just wont go online or even sign in to Google to get started, much less reach the play store! The device has some serious lag when using the pre-installed apps as well. I'm stumped! Without rooting the device and voiding the warranty, I am unable to fix it. While I've had (& LOVE) several Android devices before, I've never had this issue. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME.
R14AIFSV2F863D	1.0	Worked great!.....for three days.	0	0	I was very excited to receive this tablet for my child. It worked very well for three days. No issues. We turned it off on the third night to charge it. Upon turning it on the next day, we found that it was "updating" and "optimizing" apps. No big deal......, except it just kept doing that over, and over, and over, and over......turning it off and back on has zero effect. We let the battery drain completely and recharged it. Now, it is stuck on the android screen and won't load any farther. My child is very upset and wants her tablet, and I am upset that I spent money on a product that only lasted three days!
RQ81M1N5W6VNU	4.0	Very durable	0	0	Ordered this tablet for my 6 daughter. She is very hard on these. Last tablet she had gotten for Christmas was broken by February. I received the product for a discounted price in exchange for an honest review. So far it looks like this tablet will survive the 6 year old hands. Pros: Durable design, right size for small hands, doesn't restrict apps that are downloaded can go straight through google play Cons: Wish there was a way to lock downloads (so she doesn't accidentally download or make changes. Time will tell how long this device last, however for the price its definitely worth a try.
R1D5DV2I0X6OWG	1.0	Total disappointment!	0	0	I was very excited when I saw this on a lightning deal. Unfortunately it was a total disappointment. Upon receipt, I read the instruction and proceeded to charge it. After charging it, I tried to set it up and honestly after 10 hours of trying to open the browser, I decided I have had enough fun. It was NOT loading nor was it doing anything else. Do not say may be it was not charged. I had it connected to the power point and still that little circle in the middle of the screen just went round and round and did not go anywhere. I have returned it. I am happy I returned it. Do not waste your money here.
R13C6C8EGKEH24	5.0	I was very happy that this item came with the sleeve as it ...	0	0	Purchased this recently for my grandaughter who wouldn't stop stealing her mom's tablet. I received it at a discount in exchange for my honest review but I had to wait a bit to complete as it was for a gift. I was very happy that this item came with the sleeve as it has already saved its life on numerous occasions. The tablet works just like her mom's Kindle from everything we can tell...just a wee bit slower. It has Google Play and lots of free apps and she is happily playing Minecraft and other games. We also downloaded Netflix and she watches youtube all with no problems...Great starter tablet even for older kids!
R198GHH1KUQX7G	3.0	Mysteriously cracked. :(	0	0	This was a good little device and my daughter really liked it. It made it super fast to us for Christmas. However, one day last week we came home and found its screen had cracked. My daughter swears she did nothing bad to it (she is six so she knows not to throw these things). The fact that its cover is rubberized and a very good protector furthers the mystery. For a crack like this you think you would have to step on it super hard....or take its rubberized cover off and drop it from the balcony. My partner and I are miffed at what happened. We have had many tablets and this has never happened. It is totally useless now.
R2OORE5ROO5VQI	2.0	great little tablet	0	0	Had it for a couple days and so far so good. It was strange because the tablet was powered on already when I opened it after receiving it in the mail. It charges very quickly which is a good thing. I was disappointed that it didn't come pre-installed with some kids programs and apps. Screen is big enough to enjoy videos and games but small and light enough for child hands. It's not fancy, the child bumper is nice for protection but it feels like it might still break if dropped too much. Resolution is okay, for the price it's a good kids tablet. received this product at a discount in exchange for a fair and honest review. **Update** had to return the tablet since it stopped charging after about four days.
RSDB8DMS9LLLK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	both my daughters love their android and so do I. They will surely have fun with it!
R2J33PD5SC3EWC	1.0	Not a bargain even at $5 --Let Amazon know about unsuitability.	0	0	I'm surprised Amazon continues to allow the seller to peddle this misrepresented item. Any disappointed buyer should have no trouble returning it postage free (since it is represented as a children's tablet--very young children at that). . I doubt that many people paid more than Amazon's sale price (under $40). Still, if you have any concern for your child's satisfaction and learning, you'd do much better to spend 3 X as much on a LeapFrog tablet--either that, or simply buy the child 2-3 books in his or her proper age range. This is, quite frankly, a lousy Android tablet loosely modeled after the Fire tablet that Amazon sells for under $100. There is nothing about the tablet that suggests it's suitable for a child except the ultra-thick, soft and shock-resistant cover. The instruction manual is unreadable, so the buyer will need some computer experience to pull up a game or two for the child to use. I have the impression this was a "budget" tablet originally intended for adults. When it didn't move, it was arbitrarily reconfigured as a children's device, primarily by slight modifications to the "hype" and one drastic change: the thick and spongy pink cover. Surprisingly, the tablet has quite a few 5-star reviews--suspicious because they use the title to announce "Five Star Tablet" and say nothing about the machine itself. Amazon needs to be told directly how unsuitable this item is. At best, it's a "mock tablet" that 5-year olds can light up, carry around, and say: "Look, I've got my very own tab-wet." Cute, but it doesn't cut it for a wasted $40. I'd be surprised if Amazon carries this after the return date (Jan. 31). So if you truly, sincerely believe it's worth all of 5 stars, better buy another within the next 2 weeks. (I'd recommend returning it and purchasing an Amazon Fire tablet.) Changing the targeted consumer market for the product does not change the product. In fact, the problems with the original product are simply muliplied. Instead of one loser, there are two: the child and the parent who believes the seller's pitch.
R1WVXYL1WF3Q24	4.0	Pleasantly Surprised	0	0	I received my Orbo Jr. tablet last week. I've had a few days to use and learn about some of the applications installed. It is a very user friendly tablet and I have liked what I see thus far. The resolution is good and screen is clear. It is very light weight and easy to carry with my other electronics. It does not take up much space. This tablet will be a backup to my iPad since there are some android applications I can’t get on iTunes. I am looking forward to using this tablet and I am very satisfied with my purchase. "This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review."
R1ZS9MT3YM0FD4	1.0	The best part is the case.	0	0	My two sons received these as Christmas gifts. One went back immediately because it would not charge (still waiting on a replacement, try explaining that to a 2 year old!!!) and now the other one barely ever charges... The charger fits so loose that if you move it AT ALL it stops charging. The camera is ridiculous and so grainy/slow... It doesn't stay connected to the internet and it takes so long to load netflix. We downloaded some neat games, but again it only stays charged for 30 minutes and takes forever to recharge (if you can even position it correctly). Anyways- we will be returning this and getting a kindle!
R3JCOV0VYXOLIG	2.0	It's Only OK	0	0	I ordered for my two year old daughter. It looks good and love the outer cover.....very kid friendly....the first one I received I returned....it came damaged which I feel happened in shipping so I returned and seller sent me a new one. I am not crazy about the tablet it self....kinda slow and very little battery life......but I guess you get what you pay for....I would recommended shopping around and you may find something better for the price. However I will commended the customer service i received however not the best tablet it is okay for my 2 year since I download games but we do not use it for anything else.
RJMI7941WD5MZ	1.0	keep ur money	0	0	worst tablet ever.....after 2 days of having it it wont load past the first screen....NOT FOR KIDS...NO KID MODE AT ALL...the only thing kid about it is the cover...it came open and without instructions on how to use it....the charger doesnt really work had to plug it into my laptop to get it to work....charge only last like an hour.....save ur money and get a samsung kids tablet....more expensive but well worth the money....and i was pissed that reading the reviews on the front page are all positive but not true....the truth lies in the reviews on the next page...i wish i could give this no stars but it makes me
R2ZM1GJUHSV1NU	1.0	One Star	1	1	This is an awful product. It will not hold a charge we will be returning it shortly.
R28BG6MLBTI9XH	1.0	Bad battery, cracked screen, bad pictures and poor sound	0	0	The tablet would not charge so I had to send it back. I ordered another one to replace it and the screen broke a day after my daughter got it, now only half the touch screen works. The quality of the picture is horrible, the sound it so soft she cannot hear it without earphones. I would not give this tablet any stars if this was an option. My mother ordered my other daughter one for Christmas but because of the 30 day return policy we cannot return it so we are stuck with not just one but two crappy tablets. We have only had them since Christmas, i imagine in another week or two they will not work at all.
R2RXBCADNORV6I	3.0	Too many ads on free apps, almost unusable	0	0	This is a decent tablet to start a small child out on but if you are used to using an ipad it will not compare, especially with the graphics. My main complaint about it is that all the free toddler apps have so many ads in them it is very hard for a toddler to even play them. The ads are all over the games so that it is too easy to hit an ad and it will close the game and take you to a different screen to try to get you to buy it. Very frustrating for a toddler just trying to play a game. Also, you have to take the rubber case off of it every time you plug it in because the plug won't fit with the cover on.
RCU4NPGCVMLKL	3.0	Works fine for me	0	0	I received this at a discount for my honest review. First, I read the reviews and was skeptical about this tablet. I wanted it for my son who is 3 to use on road trips this summer. I read the instructions and charged it as suggested. I found it easy to download a few games from the Play Store. You do have to load one at a time. I used Facebook and Google with no problem. It is wireless and is simple enough for my kids. It arrived fast and was boxed nicely and comes with a protector. I really haven't experienced any problems besides it being slower than a higher price tablet. It works for my intended purpose.
R16I6XR5V89CGD	5.0	Loved It!	0	0	I love this tablet! I bought it as a Christmas present for my 4 year old son but I opened when I got it to make sure it worked and also to see how well it worked. I do have another android based tablet that is very slow so I was a little worried about purchasing this one. I did the updates (which were done quickly) and I downloaded a few games and aps to test it out. It worked way better than I was expecting. It charges fairly quickly and also was alot faster than I expected and was not freezing, I think my 4 year old son is going to love it and I would definitely recommend this tablet for kids or adults
R86WPFS4ZOAUM	1.0	Kids tablet updated	0	0	This is the worst seller ever i got this tablet and had to send it back due to it not charging then i took a month for them to send me a replacement one. after i emailed them a few times asking where the new one was then i called the seller and finally get then to ship it out. the new one wont charge at all, and looks like it has been used there are scratches all over the thing. call them back and tell them that this one is messed up and they don't have anymore in stock. had to fight with them to get my money back. This is a nice table for kids,The screen on the tablet is 7 inches comes with a silicon case. It's just like all the most tablets. It also takes a micro sd card. It's Lightweight, and just the right size for little hands. Has Google Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean, Includes 4 GB of Memory. Has front and back cameras they are not the best but are good for kids. My 5 year old loves his new tablet, plays on it for hours. They only thing i found out about the tablet i didn't like is that when charging it you have to peel the case back to get the USB to fit right. I received this with a discount for my honest review
R10245X0KBJ7F0	1.0	I just bought two of these for Christmas, one ...	0	0	I just bought two of these for Christmas, one for my 5 and 3 year old. I haven't been able to charge them to 100% no matter how long they stay plugged up. 66% is the highest charge that it has held (with charge taking place while it's powered off). On top of that the charge does NOT hold after disconnecting from charging even if I power it off to save battery life. Within an hour it is completely dead. The kids are so upset! :( Will be returning both of them and in search for something else. Highly suggest against the Orbo, Jr! What's the point of having it if it won't stay charged any length of time.
R2IN1F5PQO06T6	1.0	just no	0	0	Only Fisher Price apps show well. The display this tablet shows will literally hurt your eyes, has to be held at a certain angle. The packaging is quite nice though, a cute little flip top box that can be used for storage. My box was torn already when I received it though. Has to be recharged quite a bit. I have to be very near to my router in order to hold a connection. The PBS KIDS app is too much for it to handle. Got my son a Kindle instead. I still have the Orbo as I couldn't find the time to send it back within 30 days, guess it'll be a back up tablet. Customer service was cooperative at least.
R1EO7AFDD8X7N7	1.0	Very disappointed...	0	0	Get what you pay for... This is the first and only review I've ever written, but i feel my experience with this product warranted an immediate review. Bought this tablet for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it, but this is a terrible tablet. We have 4 children and have been through more than a few cheap tablets but this is by far the worst. Not enough battery to make it through one movie with the brightness set as low as possible. Takes longer to charge this thing than the amount of time you use it between charges... avoid this product at all costs, even if it was the last tablet in existence.
R3CA7VHHQU5LPB	5.0	Wow!	0	0	I ordered these tablets for my kids. I bought the red and the blue one. The colors look exactly like they are pictured. These tablets are AWESOME. Way more than what I was expecting! I really thought they would just be another cheaply made kids tablets, boy was I wrong! They are normal 7" tablets, with a silicon cover. I just wished they would already come pre loaded with games like some other ones, but who cares! It comes loaded with Google play store, so just download the ones you would like! When the kids go to bed, my husband and I use them like regular tablets! Best purchase ever!
R33YKZXU4WAYW	4.0	Good for the price	1	1	Good tablet, it`s for kid`s but it works just like any other tablet in the market.
RKGWJSB63HIH5	5.0	Keeps Toddlers Busy for Hours!	0	0	I received this tablet at a discount in exchange for an honest review. I have a three-year-old daughter who is obsessed with my Android cell phone. I purchased this tablet for her so she will leave my cell phone alone, and this was a good decision. The display on the tablet looks very similar to that on my cell phone. The screen size is much bigger though, and I love the rubber protective border that protects the tablet when it gets dropped. My child is very much enjoying the videos and preschool interactive games we have downloaded, and it keeps her busy for a long time. Love it. Great deal!
R20JEXJCN9C0E9	2.0	Fair and decent product	0	0	Verdict is still out. Originally purchased as gift for son at Christmas. Lasted under a week and had to return. Company paid for return shipping although replacement took over a week to get here. Now if I pay for Prime and get 2 day shipping; why didn't it come 2 day the second time? New model Orbo even came upgraded. Looks and has a completely different feel to it. As a tablet for a 7 year old, it is very nice for the price. Get the warranty though for your own peace of mind for under $15. Might give it 5 stars had it arrived the first time like this. Something needs to be addressed. Update 11/15. Glass has cracked. Unit dead. Worst feature; you might get 2 hours off battery. Horrible battery.
R10UQ6HJPCTM1F	5.0	Exceptional tablet!	0	0	I honestly did not expect much from this tablet but I am pleasantly surprised! My son is able to download learning apps, youtube, netflix, you name it! He can do everything on this tablet! The parent control is very easy to use. Battery life is several hours my son is able to walk around with his tablet and use it throughout the day. He also has access to autism apps, timers and other useful features. This has helped us so much, I am VERY greatful for giving ORBO a chance. This product was provided at a discounted price for my honest review. Discount or not, this tablet is worth it!
R2TDX0Y25YMMF8	2.0	Disappointed!	1	1	The camera didn't work and the battery would only stay charged for about 1 hour.
R2S30I15LHT2QO	2.0	bumper ok,kidsproof	1	1	is not what I was waiting for,is a very slow processor my kid is not so patient.
RTTEC4VENQ1J6	4.0	i dont like the fact that the battery only last's for about ...	0	0	This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review So i got this product for my 5 year old and he loves it but im not to thrilled about it.. i dont like the fact that the battery only last's for about 2 hours at most and is constantly saying that its too hot... don't understand why he's had this for a little over a week the charging is ok.. the frame tends to want to come off when you take the blue potector off... so im pretty sad about that and im hoping that it doesnt come off completely... im happy with it and hoping it last's a long time...
R11KLFL4CB4EZ2	5.0	Great tablet for kids	0	0	my daughter already has an ipad mini but since I was able to receive this item at a discounted price for an honest review I thought I would give it a try. I was very impressed with the battery life for this tablet. I have a few other tablets that aren't apple and the battery life is just brutal! This tablet will last all day even with streaming cartoons and movies!! It is very lightweight (again impressed) I have an HP tablet and it is so heavy in additional to battery life not being what I want it to be. So far I haven't ran into any problems with it and I am happy with the product.
RTAT9K4XON46O	1.0	The battery life in these are only a couple hours at best. They are very slow	0	0	I bought 2 of these in September for Christmas presents. That was my first mistake. Once opened on Christmas it was too late to return. We charged them the first night and they would not charge with the chargers that they came with. The one got really hot and was making a squacking sound. We were finally able to charge them with our samsung phone chargers. The battery life in these are only a couple hours at best. They are very slow. Not happy at all with them. I guess you get what you pay for. My kids are both young so I didn't want to spend a ton of money on tablets for them.
RHMX8BQDSPFG6	2.0	NOT worth the money.	0	0	This tablet is definitely not the greatest. I bought it as a gift for my technically advanced 2 year old, as I got a great price on it (cyber monday sale!). Unfortunately, I am regretting not getting a different brand. It is SO slow. It takes forever to open up apps, web browsers, video's, etc. The apps are constantly crashing, so it's nearly impossible for him to even play games on his tablet. It does connect to WIFI, but it doesn't connect well; it hardly gets a signal. I am already planning on getting rid of this tablet and buying a different brand. It is NOT worth the money.
R1IEUGELVDNA2A	1.0	One Star	1	1	The battery is not strong enough, unfortunately he did not meet my expectations
RF41OCJZNCUON	1.0	Incredibly, Unacceptably Slow. Unusable for even basic tasks.	0	0	The case seems nice and durable, but this tablet is so incredibly slow that it has trouble running the built-in web browser and Netflix app. The screen has a pretty narrow viewing angle, which isn't always a bad thing, but if the tablet is targeted toward youngsters and it is incapable of running basic applications - let alone games - then it is really a tablet that satisfies no target audience. I cannot stress this enough - this tablet works worse than a mid-range smartphone from several years ago. Avoid the headaches and the frustration - avoid this product at all costs.
R2HFKEVZ06NKE8	5.0	Great product and awesome customer service when you run into bad luck.	0	0	First one had a charger issue. That is to be expected with any electronic device. I returned it and got a new one right away with no problems. The day the second one got here it broke. No fault of the company. It was a simple case of dropping it on a hard corner surface. We got the Drops and Spills protection and got another one the very next day. So overall customer service is 5 stars all the way even when there is an unusual case of bad luck. As to the product. A steal for the price. My daughter loves it and it works as well as anything I could expect. 5 stars!
R1MOKLBY8D2WYA	2.0	Disappointed	0	0	Supposed to be new but arrived with lots of scratches and chips on the screen--it must scratch and chip easily. The silicone cover was not manufactured/ cut properly and has weird hanging edges that were not cut off. The icons on the screen look blurry (bad resolution). Slow and laggy. Disappointed. Amazon can only do a refund, not an exchange, because it's sold by a 3 rd party, Seller1on1. Seller1on1 will not exchange, refers you back to Amazon. Would not recommend at the 50+ price. This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R2OP2VY8JSISPH	2.0	Poor quality, spend a little more for less hassle	0	0	Screen is quite poor, in terms of resolution and contrast. Bought two for holiday gifts and one wouldn't charge and randomly crashed. Returned the broken one and got another brand ($10 more) and it's a much better tablet. Built in kids features are mostly broken, can't connect to their servers. I disabled the kid ui and that helps but the hardware is slow and outdated. The protective case seems decent enough. Two stars because it actually works as an android tablet, though a really old one. Even my 3 year old gets frustrated with the sluggishness.
RP7L94O34LFVB	1.0	Too many defective tablets... Buyer beware.	0	0	I purchased this item twice. The first time it kept kicking us out of programs with only 2 kids games loaded. We thought it was a defective item and we returned it and purchased another. The second one came in and had problems right away including when we tried to just turn it on. We kept trying to figure it out as we were really hoping this would be a good product for my grandson. Finally we gave up again and returned. I don't know if it was a fluke that we recieved two defective tablets but that doesn't sound like very good odds. We are not trying a third one.
R37OJQ7NZZVOPG	2.0	Not as good as I hoped for	0	0	This tablet is not as good as I hoped for. I read all the reviews and was hoping it would work for my 3 year old grandson. I was excited about the color and the size of the screen-perfect for little ones. I also was happy with the choices of apps that he could play with and the way he maneuvers it amazes me. He enjoys playing games on his tablet but the main reason I am unhappy is the battery life is now less than 1 hour. It started off about 2+hours which was fine because I didn't want him playing on it all day. But now it cuts off on him too soon and he gets sad.
R2XQC2NCX4E4YG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Amazing device for the price, Good enought for an adult, I use it as a kindle
R36T1KGYS69YLP	1.0	One Star	1	1	Bought two of these for my kids. One will not stay connected to the Internet.
RBXV7MTC2RGDN	1.0	Terrible purchase	1	1	DON'T BUY! The battery runs out immediately. Waste of money... No warranty.
R34VLKLU9TWY32	5.0	Great price. Fast	1	1	This was my second one I purchase from the seller, Great price. Fast shipping
R217PW2R21L3F3	5.0	Great Product!	0	0	I ordered this for my son who just turned 3. And honestly I didn't really have high expectations, but was I so wrong!! This Orbo Jr is so much more than I expected and more. It is the perfect size for little hands and great if you travel. And this tablet is really good quality very durable and kid friendly with a rubber case. With crystal clear sound, clear picture and pre installed apps Netflix, Google+, Gmail and Chrome to name a few. It was very easy to get it set up and use right away. I received this product at a great price in exchange for my honest opinion
R3RTPC2N19OJN2	5.0	By far the best children tablet EVER !	0	0	I bought this tablet as part of a group that gets discounts in return for a unbiased review. I've got to say this tablet is worth the actual cost price. I bought it as a gift for my 3 yr old goddaughter and it's amazing. It's a great quality tablet, and comes with a protecting case which is superb for young children. It's not slow like other tablets i've seen. I've got to say this is my new go-to tablet for young children. It's also android which is a well known brand. I'm extremely happy with this item and will in fact purchase a lot more of these.
RP4YZIHQT1BC5	3.0	I like the tablet but I don't like the app selections ...	0	0	I like the tablet but I don't like the app selections when scrolling tru them u see lots of things for adults nude pics n other stuff of course if its for kids non of that stuff should appear , also I download apps and when we tried to open them it would shut the page off no good , it does have good things for kids but when u say kids tablet it should mean KIDS !!! I would post a pic but I might get blocked of the stuff I found I should be able to let them enjoy it without me looking after them but with this tablet I have to watch them download not so pleased
R246199LFLUNFI	5.0	Amazing tablet. and it also has a rubber case ...	0	0	I got this product in a discounted price in exchange for a honest review. This tablet is really suitable for kids. My brother always gets our phone for him to be able to play angry birds. This is a 4Gb tablet allows you to download games for kids. It has wifi and camera. you can also do video calls in here 👍 skype. Amazing tablet. and it also has a rubber case that prevents the tablet to have dents when it falls especially when kids is using it you will rely need a protective case. Its on sale now And it is really worth the money if you will buy this tablet.
RR8N9062CJ4E0	5.0	A Great Tablet for Young and Old Alike :)	0	0	I was kind of worried about ordering this tablet because there were some bad reviews but I am so glad I did and I got it on sale for $47. It is a fully functional Android tablet that not only does my son love, I love! It plays games, he can watch movies, etc. The case is great in keeping your grip on the tablet - I lift the corner when charging because the plug pops out but that's no big deal and I charged the tablet with a different wall plug - the plug that came with it didn't seem to work well. Those are minor quirks when the tablet itself is wonderful!
RY086M3EM6N38	1.0	One Star	1	1	Barely got to use it before the charger broke and could not be fixed!! Waist
R2P0T6GIXX7XRD	2.0	Really disappointed.	0	0	This tablet was rather disappointing, to be honest. It had very insufficient parental controls, and constantly glitched out. It would turn itself off in the middle of my son playing. The lag time for apps to load was also very long. Like over 3 minutes! That is ridiculous when linked to wifi. We returned it in under 24 hours. No names mentioned, but we purchased a more reputable brand that was much more expensive, but had all kinds of kids apps already loaded, and runs like a champ. Save your money, buy a better tablet for your kids, they deserve it!
RTYTKXVUCPDGU	5.0	Great tablet for the price!!!	0	0	Great tablet!! Works just as good as the more expensive tablets. The rubber protector is a great feature, and you don't have to buy it separately. It also comes with all the cords you need (one for charging in the wall and another for either charging with usb port or hucking up to the computer). I like that it has android and not some knock off ios. My 11 year old son is glued to it!! It doesn't have a camera in the back. but it does have one in the front for skype or selfies!!! over all great little tablet for the kids to leave yours alone!!!
R2TKXYC8R3U34J	1.0	Sounds great, but mine was a piece of junk that I ended up throwing away	0	0	The day after I was able to return it, I went to charge it and it wouldn't charge. Just keep making this awful noise and wouldn't turn on. Before that it would take 10 hours to charge and work for 4 hours. Now I can't return it and Orbo doesn't have a website or anything where I can ask for techical support. I was going to try to get another charger for it, but decided I already wasted too much money in a piece of junk, and bought a vtech tablet for my granddaughter. At least it's a company I've heard of and it has a one year warranty. Lesson learned.
RRJ8JRWTZGYD	3.0	One was great, One was awful	2	3	I ordered one of these and it was really great. The graphics were clear and it ran smooth. So I ordered a second one a few weeks later and it was awful. Frequent crashes, the screen would lock up and the graphics were not sharp. The difference I could see between the two was that the good one has an All Winner A13 processesor and Android version 4.1. The bad one had a RockChip RK2926 and Anderoid version 4.2.2. This might explain some of the mixed reviews you see here.
R35JNE6ZR2NCS3	1.0	glad it was a gift	0	0	Save your money, this is not worth the $60. Pros: Ours fell down stairs without any damage. Cons: Slow. Any modern game app for kids will run very slowly and dont even think about having more than one program running at the same time. Battery drains very quickly. Charger cant plug in well with the rubber cover. Unable to play many games for kids. No installed apps for kids. Its just a dumbed down android device with poor performance, bad resolution, low memory, and bad battery life. Even by kids standards this thing is bottom of the barrel. After 3 months, this piece of junk is almost unusable. We have 4 kids programs and it runs very slowly and force closes frequently. It cant even navigate its own settings without slowing to a crawl. Absolute garbage I couldnt be any more unhappy with this product.
R1EMTAHEDTHTB8	1.0	The product looks like it was used before it didn't come in a ...	0	0	I recently ordered this product for my kids and when I opened the packages only one of the two that I ordered worked. The color blue which I had received didn't even turn on, we tried various times to get it to charge but only saw a blank screen no sign of it charging or even trying to turn on. The product looks like it was used before it didn't come in a sealed plastic like the other one did. It also had a couple of glue residue on the front side of the screen which to me seems like they send me a used display model!!!! Not happy with my order !!!!
R2N1YWBHAVT6QC	5.0	Geat tablet at great price.	0	0	I have only used the tablet twice, but it is amazing. I was expecting a tablet that was dumbed down, it was quite the opposite. It is a fully functioning android tablet. It has Wi-Fi, expandable memory and USB port and light weight. I like that you can remove the rubber cover and change it if you choose to. Good size screen and nice graphics (1024x80 resolution). I have not used it long enough to drain the battery, so I can not comment on that, but really impressed by the performance. Great tablet for kids and adults. I highly recommend this tablet.
R23WSDKW3GL8J8	1.0	There's a reason it's discounted...	0	0	I can't remember returning anything to amazon ever, but this baby is going back. Bought it for my 5 year old son. Installed 6 apps on it and of those 5 either wouldn't load...would freeze up....or just crash it back to the home screen. The screen itself is funky too. Almost felt like I was looking at a 3D movie without the glasses or was cross-border (which I'm not). Battery "life" is nearly an oxymoron since it was near death 2 1/2 hours after a full charge. Save the headache...buy a kindle fire
RVCVEKQP665XA	1.0	Huge piece of....mistake!!	0	0	I didn't want to give this product any stars at all. I ordered two 9 these tablets for my 5 and 6 year old. Originally when I received them I was incredibly impressed with how fast I received my order. Upon arrival one of the tabs had a cracked screen...sent back and refunded without a problem. I also ordered a replacement which came quickly. After my kids received their new tablets from Santa, my son's only worked for a few hours an quit completely. TODAY, my daughter's quit working. This is a crappy product. Don't even bother wasting your money.
RWP9RD388Q3MC	3.0	Orbo Jr. 4GB Android	0	0	I love the size of the Tablet. It appeared to not be connecting to the WiFi at first, but after a few times it is now connecting fine. Very slow, at first, to down load apps, but again, working now. Some games did not load at all, and the ones that did load, took some time. When using the touch screen, it is NOT sensitive; I have to touch it a few times and press down in order to advance. The camera is not good quality at all. After a few minutes of taking pics and some video, I wouldn't use it. Overall the Orbo is user friendly.
R3LF6SDBHA11NS	1.0	Stopped working after two months of light to moderate use.	0	0	Bought this and a blue one as the kid's Christmas gifts. Lasted only two months and then wouldn't even power on anymore. The blue one broke within 2 weeks, LCD bled from pressure on the outside edge. My daughter was very disappointed as she kept really good care of this tablet, keeping it in its bumper case and she even had the neoprene purse to go with. Lesson learned, please don't waste your money, I know ipad are expensive but you will be so much happier than this piece of foreign junk. Useless now and past the point of returning, out $50.
R2366CADYO8KHF	1.0	DO NOT BUY	0	0	This product sucks I would not recommend anyone to buy this! I bought for my son for Christmas and he played with it about a week (which he was supervised while playing) and it just stopped working and will not charge! When it did work u could get about 30 mins of battery life if you was lucky I am soo unhappy with this! I ordered this way before Christmas to get a head start on my shopping and so I couldn't return it! Upset and very unhappy customer! $60 I should of flushed down the toilet! I don't want to even rate it 1 star but it is making me!
R37IAZDWLE1LKP	2.0	Wouldn't connect to the internet	0	0	This was a gift for my niece. It's a nice looking tablet, so I was impressed when it first arrived. However, I kept getting an error when trying to connect to the internet. It didn't come with any games already downloaded, which meant my niece couldn't do anything but take pictures since you have to connect to the internet to download games. My kids have tablets that have all worked perfectly fine, so it's definitely this tablet and not "user error". I read reviews of this product on other websites of people having the same problem.
R1R9GPL8XNT3US	1.0	Don't waste your money	0	0	Don't waste your money!!! The battery life is about 2 hours not 4 hours. It is not child proof, within a month the screen had a crack in it because it was dropped on another toy. The screen produces a weird psychedelic glow that makes looking at the screen hard, it has to be tipped a certain way to deduce the glow. 4 months after we bought it, it completely froze up on us and now we have a tablet that won't let us get past the locked screen. I bought it for my 5 year and he prefers the Kindle much more than this tablet.
R2J5W6NME37XWB	2.0	Unfortunately this product didn't fare too well in my home ...	0	0	Unfortunately this product didn't fare too well in my home. I purchased two of them, for my toddler and preschool daughters, as the advertising was geared towards being built tougher for younger users. Well, it wasn't tough enough. They are bothe intact, however, for some reason they are no longer working. One of them only lights up when plugged in, and even then it just shows the android icon lYing on its back with an open door and a caution sign. Def had high hopes for this product but they just didn't hold up. Stopped working in three weeks.
R39JXYB45IARSC	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Very nice product, I had to order for two more after the first two orders.
R16XU86FQSO696	5.0	Orbo jr 4GB android 4.1	0	0	The Orbo jr. Is a very nice pad. Can be used for children as well as adults. For $60 you can beat the price. The pad comes with a pad cover to protect the pad. A manual, USB cord,and a charger. It comes in a nice box to store Orbo in The pad come in many different colors to chose from. It also comes with apps that are easy to use and download using Google play. I would highly recommend the Orbo jr. for anyone looking for Nice easy pad to use. I have recieved this Orbo jr at a discounted price in return for my own honest review of this product.
R3DRPICGOVP7ZL	1.0	disappointed hopefully the company can fix it	0	0	I'm beyond upset and irritated to the point of no return with this tablet I bought two for my kids and they could even play on them for an hour. I was impressed at first by the apps and the fact it was an actual tablet but Once it died I could never turn them back on. My kids were upset and I feel like it was a waste of money and I've tried to find and contact a customer service rep but I've had no luck getting the number or getting in contact with anybody. If anybody has any suggestions on how to get in contact I would greatly appreciate it.
R1YDR7LAGB12GJ	4.0	Gift for 6 year old	0	0	I bought this for my 6 year old grandson's birthday. I was not sure about it at first, so I had my daughter look at it and had her set it up. The only thing I don't like about it is there are no parental setting. But, my daughter set it up (I have no clue how) so that he only has access to certain things. She then downloaded some education and other games he would like on it. It also has Netflix, so we put our account on that as well. He loves it and I guess that is all that counts! The delivery was on time and no problems. Thank you!
R3TFS9YGGPO4G3	2.0	Last night I was updating it and was working fine. This morning it won't turn on	0	0	Purchased this 6 months ago for my Grandaughter. Last night I was updating it and was working fine. This morning it won't turn on. Checked both charger and cord with other Android products and they're fine. Tried a factory reset and nothing. Contacted the seller for help who recommended I contact Amazon. My Grandaughter loves this and it appeared to be a very good product for the price until now. Considering the limited time of use (I only have her on weekends) I'm not very happy. Waiting to hear back from Amazon- will keep you posted. UPDATE- WITH IN AN HOUR AMAZON HAS CONTACTED ME. THEY HAVE EMAILED ME A PRE-PAID PACKAGING LABEL AND HAVE OFFERED ME A FULL REFUND. UNFORTUNATELY MY GRANDAUGHTER (3 years old) IS IN TEARS WANTING HER TABLET. ORDERING HER A REPLACEMENT. THANK YOU AMAZON..
R2C1RNQUM1J43Q	3.0	OK for 5 year old	0	0	Bought this for my 5 year old, and it does what I wanted as far as letting her watch Netflix and play games. In that respect it was perfect. However, I gave it 3 stars for 2 key components. The battery life is awful. It's plugged in more than unplugged. The other is the lunacy of having a special kid cover you cannot plug in to charge. I mean why why why would you create a cover you have to take off to charge the device? I will remind you that it needs charging all of the time, which means the kid protection is useless. Very poor design.
RE57N8CU7P29G	3.0	Poor battery life	0	0	We are currently working our way through the return policy. They have been helpful but we are not satisfied with these tablets. We bought two of these for my four and six year old. The function if these is fine. However the battery life is awful. And the plastic around where the charger plugs in has already cracked on my daughters. It has only been plugged in by my husband and myself so it has not gotten harsh use. Even though these were a great price we are going to return them and get a kindle fire for just a bit kore money.
R1H3ELVXVZWNO9	4.0	Excellent for Littles	0	0	This is not as fancy as an iPad, (meaning picture doesn't exactly look HD) but it's for kids, so it's perfect. My 2 year old uses it for watching downloaded episodes of Sesame Street, Daniel Tiger, etc. She also plays a few games that we downloaded for her as well. Plenty of space on it already, but I was able to pop a micro SD card from an old phone in it, so now it holds a TON. We have plenty of videos and pictures on it, so this is a restaurant must. It's small enough to fit into her tiny back pack too. So far I really like it.
R3HJ5JMOU70UZ2	1.0	trash	0	0	I got this for my 5 year old for her 6th birthday she herself has not getten to play with it yet I went and locked myself in my bedroom to take a look at it the screen isn't broken I turned it on and played around on it for about 15 mins and watched a video the picture is better then my Samsung tablet I am going to play around with it more tomorrow to make sure the charging works well and make sure the battery life is good I will do a update on this tomorrow but so far so good.... I received this with a discount for my honest review UPDATE it don't seem like the tablet that I got has any problems im vary vary happy that I got this tablet with the discount for my little girl! update!!!!! now the tablet will not charge AT ALL 2 weeks and its trash move to another tablet this is a huge disappointment for my little girl and myself
RAIAI8MYJS1S3	3.0	Decent for 1st time tablet kids	0	0	My son was so excited to open this tablet. The packaging is fun and enticing for kids. We opened it and it was relatively easy to connect to our wifi. The tablet is slow to load and play games, which was the main draw. One positive is its kid safe...my son who has broken a couple tablets still has this one intact. But prefers not to play it due to the lag. Probably a good first tablet for little ones but recommend something different for experienced users. This product was provided to me at a discounted price for my honest review.
R2K0JXQA6A3ZJF	2.0	Lasts only a 3 months	0	0	I bought this product in November, 2014. My 3 year old daughter was excited to use it until she found it difficult to hear her games, The volume is so very low, plus the Android stopped charging. It was frustrating trying to get it to charge. At first I thought there was a problem with the charger. However, the charger is working on other items, and no matter what charger i try, the Android is not working. I realize I made a mistake in purchasing the Orbo Jr. The cost is really good, if you want an item that last just a few months.
R1LERPLI3Y6I3O	5.0	This Little Orbo is Powerful and Fun!! Buy It!	0	0	Note: I was given a reduced price in order to write a fair review. My toddler granddaughter received this tablet from me as a gift, and now we cannot wrench it from her little hands! She loves this little device. And it is so sturdy with the rubber frame surrounding it. My granddaughter's mother set up the tablet in minutes, and she downloaded several free educational games that my little tot loves. This little Orbo Jr. interfaces almost identically to my expensive Galaxy Tablet. I highly recommend this tablet for little ones!!!!
RBO3ZHT409IY3	5.0	Love it!	0	0	I love this tablet! I used to be against getting electronics for my toddlers because they're soooo destructive. I got this one at an extreme discount in return for an honest review. I have to say it's the best $20 I've ever spent! We're planning on going on several road trips this summer so after I download digital Disney movies and games it'll be great. Already distracting my daughter with YouTube videos. Love it! A bit too small for adults though. The rubberized case works great too to protect against bumps and drops.
R192972BUM8SRY	1.0	Would Never buy again	0	0	Less than a month from buying it began to run slow or lag If you will, And in under 2 months it stopped holding a charge. And I know it's not from 'over charging' since it was bought for a 4 year old who had it off the charger all day running around till it would die And then would get recharged. The child I gave this to actually recieved 2 for his birthday this year including the one I bought And less than 2 months later neither one worked. I honestly just don't want to see Anyone waste time And money on these disappointments.
R1NYN3RVK0XX6W	4.0	It stands the test of 3 kids, a bunch of silly apps. and them fitting over it !	0	0	I purchased this product for review and with my 3 year old daughter in mind. It was shipped on time and good quality packaging, the product itself is good quality. Nice rubber case for protection all though it is hard to keep the charger cord plugged in with rubber case on so you just pull it a bit back. It seems to be working well it runs a little warm, but other than that it is a great product that with stand the test of young kids and downloading a bunch of silly apps. So thank you "Chromo Inc," and thank you Amazon
R2ROA9T3DJLVVU	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Ibis nice but graphics leave something to be desired bought for a child
R1P4SBTVXQFECZ	5.0	Super satisfied! Will post more detailed after son opens ...	1	1	Super satisfied! Will post more detailed after son opens for Christmas
RFHYGY3RJ3IK6	3.0	Based on other reviews I was expecting something better! It is cheap	0	0	I have not had much chance to use it yet, but my first shock was to find that the colors in the screen are sort of muted and the viewing angle is limited. The other thing that shocked me is that the available memory is really not even 1GB. I know there is a slot for expandable memory, but I would have hoped to have a little more space left to start with. Based on other reviews I was expecting something better! It is cheap, so I don't regret it and it is supposed to be for my son, so hopefully he will enjoy it!
R2AKY4VJEGUM3D	1.0	Garbage!!!!	0	0	I puchased 2 of these for my children age 4 and 6. Within 3 days after Christmas both tablets stopped working. Both screens stuck and would not move. Both screens had lines on them that appeared while they were playing with them and would not go away. The battery life was horrible. They only got 1hr 30 min of usage before having to charge. The screen was also blurry. On top of that...it is taking the seller forever to refund my money. This is the worst buying experience that I have ever. If I could I would rate 0
R39QVALZBUHDEM	1.0	Don't waste your money!!!!!	0	0	I bought three of these tablets 2 out of the 3 you could tell had been returned they were all scratched and no packaging on any of the stuff in the boxes figured we would still try them out. Well they won't charge and turn on sometimes and the battery life sucks. So even though there was all the bad reviews figured I would try again ordered 2 more they came yesterday and they were all scratched and were ones that had been returned. So now all 5 are getting sent back. I would not waste the time and money on them.
R3JGTNPXJ948QR	3.0	I would recommend the apple products over this any day	0	0	We own an Apple i pod touch and an apple i pad mini. We got this for our youngest child to do educational activities while we watch our other kids at sporting events. I would recommend the apple products over this any day. Apps available to purchase are not as good. My daughter has no problem with the mini or i phone but maybe due to the position of the pink case she has trouble dragging items across the screen for puzzles etc. It was cheap and we had reward points otherwise I would not have purchased this.
R2BMY84WMD4P3Q	1.0	Do not purchase this tablet...	0	0	I paid extra for 2 day shipping. It took as long as standard shipping and the distributor never refunded me the extra cost of the shipping. The product itself was cheap and both the blue and pinnk orbo broke within 3 months of purchasing. The blue tablets screen cracked when dropped from the couch onto carpet and the pink screen went black and became unusable. I tried to contact seller 1 to discuss issues and they never responded to my calls. Very dissatisfied. I will never purchase from seller 1 again.
R2D1XOXA1BZ1TJ	3.0	Not sure what's happening but would like a replacement before a full refund	0	0	I bought four of these and one of them has a problem. I emailed seller and hope to have a reply soon. The one unit just stopped and the screen turned white and its screeching and making noises. It actually really strange and then I I put my lg charger in it and it turned back on but is still making noises. Not sure what's happening but would like a replacement before a full refund. I hope to get this problem resolved quickly ac my daughter is very disappointed. Otherwise the units are perfect for a child.
R32YD5WI05HG73	2.0	*Blowing Raspberries* Thumbs Down.	0	0	While the tablet itself is perfect for the kids, it takes an act of congress to download anything from the Google Play Store. You have to Que up what you want, then turn your device off, turn it back on (Which in of itself can be frustrating) to install whatever you previously Que'd up. As well, within MINUTES of turning the device on, it already prompts you that the device is over-heating...The choice is yours to order this device...I wish I would have known about these problems before I chose to purchase...
R1ZUP8X3A78NB8	2.0	Slow	1	1	display is blurry and the response is slow but good buy for the price
RUEIREPCLW6Z1	1.0	- First Time Buyer...Dissapointed! -	0	0	The tablet itself is very nice. The use was easy. Even though the screen isn't as clear as an iPads is. The tablet would eventually not charge. On the 2nd day I tried to charge different ways, did not happen. On that exact 2nd day it stopped. Seemed like the chargers the sent also did not work, they must've messed up wgen I was trying to charge the tablet. Worst part is it was suppose to be a gift for my sons Birthday. Obviously that didn't happen. Don't recommend risking purchasing this device.
R10SKNUE326D5H	1.0	WiFi failure!!!	0	0	Well of course its past the 30 days for a refund because I waited until Christmas to open it for my child. The issues I am having is that I thought it was a child friendly version tablet with apps already downloaded and the other issue is that it will not connect to WiFi. Tried to connect to WiFi in my home and at a friends house and it will not work. All it does is tell me the network is saved but when I click on either Google or Chrome the Webpage not available comes up. Can anyone assist me with this?
R3HUGT3Z2M5H2N	5.0	I was impressed with suspicion having purchased	0	0	Actually, I was reluctant to buy something electronic (whatever it was) that was not a recognized brand in the case of tablets for children because I thought a lot and told me there was no need to spend money on an electronic product because we know that children are susceptible to carrying knocks, etc. My wife and I decided to buy a pair of these tablets to try and despite not having many internal benefits behaves as it should be allowed to play their games baby, etc. ie fulfills its function very well.
R22LA2N8CZK9GA	4.0	I got this for a great deal in exchange for an honest review	0	0	I got this for a great deal in exchange for an honest review. I did not set my expectations super high based on other reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. I followed directions for the unit and fully charged 6 hours before use. It is set up as a normal tablet and takes a little adjusting to make it completely kid ready (parental controls, pick your apps, etc). Overall it was a great product. Do not expect an Ipad- not the same speed or battery, but it is a great little tablet for kids- great case!
R37JIZOOI2WITO	4.0	Perfect little tablet for a good price!	0	0	Ok so this wasnt really what I was expecting for a "kids" Tablet. However I am not at all disappointed. The only thing "kid" about it was the soft slipcover. Other that that it is a fully functioning tablet with built in wi fi. Touch screen works great which is a problem we have had with lower cost tablets in the past. Perfect for apps when heading out for the day. The silicon case does wonders to protect the tablet if it is accidentally dropped. Works great as an ebook reader as well!
R35LIL8D3A71UU	1.0	All looks, and no goods	0	0	I should've read the other reviews, but I was seduced by the cheap price. I purchased a blue one for my 7 year old, and a pink one for my 4 year old. The blue one had issues, so I returned it within the 30 day purchase window. The pink one was fine. Received the new blue one and it charged fine for the first time. Then the second...nothing. I'm disappointed. My children are disappointed. It's just frustrating since it was supposed to be wonderful presents from Santa. Well....Santa struck out.
R29FRKQX6P1C3W	4.0	Definitely not what I expected!	0	0	This Tablet is beyond a kids tablet. For the price it's great. Has many apps that are not for kids, yet can easily be disabled. My daughter, 3, just loves it she won't put it down. It's durable. I purchased screen protectors for 5 bucks and that's all she needed to be fully protected. If your looking for a tablet that your child can use ash he or she grows, this is it. Just get a sad card for more memory space and your good. I caught mine on a lighting deal at the last few minutes and glad I did....
R1IFK9DOKR7KJI	4.0	It is very easy to download apps and for him to play	0	0	This was a Christmas present for my son. He loves that he now has his own tablet. It is very easy to download apps and for him to play. The only reason I did not give it 4 stars is that it doesn't seem to hold a charge for a very long time. I am used to my kindle where I would not have to recharge it for a few days. It seems that every other day (and we do limit the time that he is allowed to play on the tablet - about 1 hour/day) we are charging the tablet. Other than that it was a great buy!
R39NEILWTV9JXL	3.0	The blue one worked fine, but the pink one did not	0	0	i bought a blue and pink one of the same kind for christmas for my grandkids... the pink on after while could not power off and on the right way, too hard to do for my grandchild. And this one wouldn't keep the charge also. The blue one worked fine, but the pink one did not. Not sure why, then I only had a month to be able to return this..which for a christmas present hard to do that...which i couldn't not return it, now i am stuck with a tablet that is not good for my grand daughter to use.
R20PWBAQDBU2J5	1.0	waste money.	0	0	I am giving this tablet 1 star ... pity there was no button for a 1/4 star. My grandchildren were given these tablets as gifts for Christmas. The first tablet stopped working a few days after Christmas (my sister did get a refund for that one). Its now 5 months later and the other 2 have stopped working. Buyers beware, do not buy this tablet. When it worked it takes long to charge and loses charge quickly, freezes. The list goes on. I think it should be taken off the market, waste money.
R33NZ2WJ72IOLK	2.0	Tablet is not kid friendly........and need parent control so that young kids don't end up seeing porn.	0	0	I would like to somehow contact sell to say this is not kid friendly. I was om the MoboMarket, and typed in on the search bar for videos & all I saw was porn, and I am discussed with it. I cannot allow my daughter who is 7 years old to play with this device & see that kind of stuff. She is smart, and again all I had to do was type videos, and all that showed was porn. Please help me fix this issue with this device as I bought it for my daughter not happy because I need to control what she see.
R1J188CEB73HA	1.0	It is super, super slow and seems to crash during random ...	0	0	We got this as a Christmas gift for our 3 1/2 year old. It is super, super slow and seems to crash during random activities. He is just using it to play simple free games and it can't seem to hang in there. I am quite dissatisfied with this device. Even for just using it for a kid to play games, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It is super frustrating. I am hoping to return this item even though it is past their 30 day return policy (but we got it as a gift, so hoping there is some grace)
R3IBZJP4VNGKWX	5.0	the other two are great..	0	0	I purchased 3 of these before Christmas as gifts to my grandchildren.....then I purchased this one for another grandchild.....the third one I purchased right before Christmas did not last a month....it just quite working....the other two are great....this one I just received seems to be fine. Is there any way I can return the one that stopped working and get a replacement...I will give them a 5 star....we have been pleased except for one of them that stopped working a month after Christmas .
R19NZAHPPMXNF	3.0	i love it and so did ny granddaughter	0	0	when i receive my first tablet ... i love it and so did ny granddaughter ,,, after approx 2 weeks use the tablet just malfunctioned and the screen when white ... returned the first one ... thank god amazon has a thirty day guarantee..... i did palce a second one because i liked the performance and the shock pads .... well here i am almost thirty days later again and the second tablet froze up and will not unfreeze... this is ashame because it was the perfect little tablet for the money......
R20FP7ZQAPLZI8	5.0	This is a pretty good deal for a kid to play	0	0	This is a pretty good deal for a kid to play. Actually I'm using it to watch Netflix, do some swagbucks. I ordered a tablet that double the price of this but I returned it because it crashed all the time. The only problem with this is judt the camera but not big deal for me. I really use it for that. For the price I am very happy which is I purchased this cheaper for a test so I can say iff it's good o4 bad for an honest word... I like it I really want to buy more like this in the future..
R1GZ60K8S48JS5	1.0	I would like to see how can you help me	0	0	I would like to see how can you help me. Upon receiving the tablet I find that I can not load because the charger port is damaged, as it is loose. Also try to charge it with the USB port, but not charging. The problem is that I live in Costa Rica and me is quite expensive and difficult to return the product, even if I had no other option that you offer me, I would. They would ask me greatly help sending me a new tablet, since my 6 year old was very excited about the birthday gift. Thank you
R1F3VQARTXSGC	1.0	I received a NON working tablet!	0	0	The box had been opened and the tablet has obviously been returned! It was dead, I plugged it in (the charging cord barely stayed put in the tablet) and it wouldn't charge! There was something sticky on the tablet underneath the gel cover. This was suposed to be a gift for my grandaughter.. I called Amazon for a refund.. I just realized that they are refunding the case I bought for her to carry it in instead of refunding me the tablet! Looks like I have to make another call this evening!
R284GHGD648MJ4	3.0	Good for the price.	0	0	I bought 2 of these for my kids as they aren't quite ready for the "real deal." Don't expect a miracle... there is limited storage space, battery life is very short. But if you don't want to spend a ton of money and want to have some limits on the endless world of apps... this is a good choice. Fun colors, easy to use. One of the items stopped working altogether within 2 months... HOWEVER I have contacted the seller and they are replacing it without question so kudos for that!
R18HA9G2NVB6DA	5.0	Like it so far	0	0	I bought this for my G.daughter for Christmas so she hasn't been able to use it yet. So i will have to come back after then to give more of a feed back. But i did open it up to make sure every thing was there & turned it on, So far i liked what i saw when it was on. Her brother has a kindle and had i seen this 3 years ago i would of bought him one of these. I might just buy another one for her to keep at my house. I really liked the price they had it at and took a chance, Happy i did !
RC79TLAXNQMKZ	5.0	Grandson is going to love this	0	0	Ordered this so my grandson would quit taking my iPhone to play with. It's a great size, color quality is good, love the durable case as its for a toddler, easy to use, no problem downloading any apps and overall a great value. The wifi works great and so far it's kept a decent charge. Great that it comes with all needed cords to charge. Would recommend as a first tablet without the high price tag. I ordered this product at a discount in exchange for an honest & unbiased review.
R258DITGIONAC1	3.0	Google doesn't work!	0	0	The main Google serch engine doesn't work. It is an android app that comes with the tablet so I can't uninstall n reinstall. I've reset device to factory default I've also contacted Google. I can't get it working, n I'm not getting a reply from Google. I don't know what else to do the Google also runs the location services. But it's a good tablet for my 3 year old never the less. Everything else works good n she loves having her own tablet n so do I. Now she leaves mommy's alone. LOL
R38AAB3TYZEJR4	4.0	Great tablet for games and fun for kids.	0	0	The Orbo Jr. 4GB is perfect for my 6 year old. He really wanted a tablet as both his brother and sister had one. It is just the right size for him and has enough memory to get the games he likes to play. I would recommend it for anyone who wants a tablet for enjoyment and to have fun with. I also like how you can charge it with the USB cord and also charge it in the car. The only downside is the screen quality isn't as good as some tablets, but for the price you can't go wrong.
R2MO527SRGW9HS	1.0	Don't waste your money, only worked for a month	0	0	::::UPDATE::::: I had to take this review down to 1 star from 4. The tablet only worked for a month and then stopped working completely. My daughter was playing on it, it flashed low battery so we put it on the charger. Suddenly the screen started getting lines all over it and then it went black. Can't get it to come back on. We left it charging, tried turning it on again, the screen flashed white, then showed the battery icon as charged, then the lines cam eback and screen went blank again. I wish I would had payed more attention to the reviews before purchasing this. It was a waste of money. DO NO WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE. Original Review Mine came with the rear facing camera. It charges well and has an ok battery life. The screen isn't all that great nor is this great for speedy games. I got this for my 4 year old and she loves it, and is perfect for her, so it serves its purpose. If you go into this purchase expecting something really nice and fancy you will be dissappointed. The price you pay is a reflection of what you are getting. It is great for younger kids, but i'd say 8 years and up is too old for this one.
R1Y4UQGBWJKB3S	5.0	Love this tablet	0	0	Love this tablet! It's for my 5 year old daughter, and seems very sturdy! She loves it. It doesn't run the more graphic-laden apps very well. For instance, the Sesame Street apps, either are slow or won't load at all, but other than that we are very satisfied. The only real negative to this, is that the case has to be either fully removed or partially removed in order to charge it. It is also a regular tablet, with internet access, so we just monitor what she's allowed to download!
R2TCVFW96G46JT	1.0	One Star	1	1	I didn't have good luck with this table.. it's doesn't stay on...
R2AN75YZGN2ZTR	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Great for kid operation. The only negative I see is battery life.
R1P0SBS0FRZXFG	1.0	HUGE REGRET	1	1	Stopped working after a few days. I promise you'll regret it too.
R1CGL0QWFAWT0S	5.0	Great Tablet for the Little Ones!	0	0	My kids love this tablet and so far we have had no issues. I especially love the safety features included with this tablet and the protective case included. This tablet is very powerful for the price and is great for parents who don't want to spend a ton of money for a tablet for the little ones! I also love all the educational games that my child was able to purchase through the play store. I was lucky enough to receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
R2776TOV2LE78V	5.0	The silicone cover is nice and feels good to the touch	0	0	I was actually pleasantly surprised at this tablet. I originally bought it for my 5 year old son. I just had to do a few things such as hooking it up to the wifi, downloading the games he wants etc before I gave it to him. He was able to maneuver around on it quite well without my help. It loads up quicker than my tablet does which cost me more than this one did. The silicone cover is nice and feels good to the touch. He absolutely loves it! I'm actually happy I got this for him!
R21NE8IDEMGYRG	4.0	Great Little Gadget!	0	0	I purchased this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review. I bought this for my 5 year old nice and I can't wait to give it to her! It may be marketed as a tablet for kids but this is a fully featured android tablet! It's the perfect size for her small hands and I can see her really enjoying playing games or watching movies on this. The only complaint I have is that the screen is quite reflective and most likely won't be viewable in sunlight, otherwise this is perfect!
R1JX48MW3EOOH3	5.0	Loved it!!!!	0	0	I purchased this item at a discount in exchange for a review. I found this "kid" tablet to be so fantastic that I use it for myself! The operating system reminds me of my Samsung Galaxy 4. It is perfect for checking my email or Facebook while feeding my newborn son on my lap. My only complaint is the screen resolution isn't as sharp as I would like it, but regardless I would buy it again. The case is great... I'm not afraid of handing it off to my daughter to play games.
RPE31GIP6UB7O	1.0	Stopped charging within a month of use. Not worth it!	0	0	Bought in August to save as a Christmas present for my 2yr old granddaughter. She used it very little after Christmas, battery drained extremely fast and had problems charging from the start. Now it will not charge at all. It is past the return window with Amazon, so I am stuck with it unless the manufacturer honors the warranty. It was slow, screen resolution isn't great, but would have been fine for what I paid for it, if it would have continued to work. Very disappointed.
R2DA42CMZ1A6KB	1.0	I really hate posting bad reviews	0	0	I really hate posting bad reviews, but i was extremely excited to get thus for my son's 3rd birthday, we received it as said , but when we opened the box it wasnt protected with no screen protector my screen had two hair scratches , it powered on we downloaded ganes played until it was low battery, went to charge it and never worked since ! All in the same day! Horrible product, and never even bothered for the refund, it wasnt about the money i just wanted to make my son happy!
RZVDJC3MTDF2S	3.0	It's a good product for the price	0	0	It's a good product for the price. We constantly have issues with it freezing and the battery only last for a couple of hours. This is marketed as a kid's edition, but there are no parental controls that you can put in place. It's just a plain android tablet with a silicon cover. There is nothing that really seems to make it kid friendly. It's not easy for my children to navigate and I don't like that I can't really limit their access to the internet aside from shutting wifi off.
R3PJJO2MZ15NWO	3.0	You Can Save	0	0	this unit is a normal 7 inch low-end tablet slipped into a rubber case. Specifically, it is the Chromo Inc. 7 inch table that you can find also on amazon here: http://www.amazon.com/Chromo-Inc%C2%AE-Android-Capacitive-Multi-Touch/dp/B009W49ALA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1405528129&sr=8-1&keywords=chromo#productDetails do you want to pay an extra $9 for the rubber case? The case does seem to add a level of drop protection, but it also makes the tablet more difficult to use.
RQTC5FB5FU8	1.0	Had two both had internal parts go out in under 2 months of use!	0	0	It wouldn't charge right out of the box. Had to send it back then got a new one checked to make sure it charged. Wrapped it for Christmas then once it was opened the speaker died in it after 27 days of use. There is NO WARRENTY!! after 30 days from purchase date so don't waste your time on this junk. Now I am completely out the money and AMAZON will not help. This product is pure crap! My child is in tears and I have no money to replace it with. Thanks AMAZON and ORBO Jr!
R34J73NN6O6UYI	5.0	What a great buy!	0	0	This was purchased as a Christmas present for my 5yr old grand-daughter. It was perfect for her. It arrived just as pictured and was of awesome quality. The pink case is perfect to protect it from a drop, etc. She doesn't seem to have any problems using it and can play her games and watch her videos on it off the internet. No problems with the seller, it arrived as promised as we were not quite sure it would make it ordering it so close to Christmas, but it arrived on time.
R325OOBCFHITKK	3.0	Im not sure if he dropped it or what but anyways i got to play with it first and this tablet looked great it didnt even look lik	0	0	I bought this for my son and im unsure of how it happened but he broke it. Im not sure if he dropped it or what but anyways i got to play with it first and this tablet looked great it didnt even look like it was for children. I was having problems with it connecting to WiFi but when my son left to my parents house they said it worked fine with their WiFi so maybe the one i received was not working properly. I did receive this product at a discounted price for and honest review.
RUF5C4CE3FS00	2.0	battery life sucks	0	0	This tablet is clear easy to use and the sound is great we give it a 2 because the battery life is horrible. After draining it like directions say we charged it for almost 6 hrs the first two times. The battery did last almost 4 hrs but when its fully charged and we choose the power off for the night we wake to a dead battery and a upset toddler whos wanting to use his tablet. The battery is going to be replaced inorder for us to be able to use the tablet to its full potential
R2120RTRAF3UVP	2.0	Completely android and kinda easy to get used to	0	0	This was an okay tablet. Completely android and kinda easy to get used to. My daughter hated it though. It was super slow and wasn't able to download a lot on it because of how small the memory was on this (4gb). It lagged a lot and took forever to start up. Charging was a hassle because you would have to take the protective case off to actually charge. Then the charger broke 1 week after having the tablet. Good buy for how cheap it was, but really not that great of a tablet.
R2EZSC4537I7LM	1.0	Nice but very fragile product	0	0	Nice but very fragile product. My boy just used it for two days before it got spoilt. Accidentally had a one-line crack on the screen, now it is unresponsive. The boy is so upset he didnt use the product at all. I am so disappointed I didnt even have a week's worth for the money spent. Wondering if I can have the screen fixed, the problem is I bought it while in the US for vacation, took it back to Nigeria and I cant locate where it could be fixed since it is not common here.
RL4L1FNFE60IR	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	It's what I was looking for a Christmas Gift or my granddaughter
R1GVXKU2E0HQFH	4.0	so good.	0	0	I bought this as a gift for my 3yr old grandson. According to his parents he loves it and takes it with him wherever he goes. They mentioned minor problems with keeping the device charged, but have not made any other complaints. It was delivered promptly .The cellophane wrap was missing leading me to think it might have been a returned item(The other one I ordered was sealed in cellophane), so I've told them to let me know if anything seems wrong about it. So far, so good.
R3ABADANR1IWQ6	4.0	Nice low-cost tablet for the youngins'	0	0	My toddler loves it. It's not native for children, though. The screen's hard and strong, the interface is simple enough to navigate. The protective casing is nice but interferes with some buttons, namely the power has to be played with before it's actually clicked. You can find the same tablet without the case for $42 on here.. My daughter thinks it's cute, though... I'd say it was worth the money. Features the Google Play store and has plenty of free apps for the kiddos.
R2KJLOXF8SZW	1.0	Small crack/scratch makes it inoperable	0	0	This was our second orbo. The first one cracked after 6 months when it was dropped. This one we had for less than a week and it got a hairline crack in it that you can't even feel when you run your finger across it. That small crack was enough to make the tablet inoperable. If you want a cheap tablet that you don't mind replacing twice a year, this is the one for you. We decided to replace it with an iPad mini because they will at least still operate if they get cracked.
R1CYRVCX8C19SO	1.0	Dissapointed	0	0	After owning this thing for a month now, I have come to the conclusion that it is worthless. It does not hold a charge for longer than a few hours. Ok, that's fine, but the fact that you can't even turn this thing on without having it connected to the power chord is very telling. I wanted an inexpensive tablet for my girls and I didn't expect much....but I at least expected it to turn on and stay on. Do yourself a favor and find another tablet for your kids.
R1L9U27GJS2T6L	5.0	Bought another!	0	0	Loved it so much I bought a second! Perfect for my 3 year old, and even for me! I like that I can just use my android apps from Google play. Requires an SD card for additional storage, but I knew that going in. My son loves to use it to Skype with his dad during the week when they're apart. It's great for the car and killing time in the waiting room or at the store. I would recommend this tablet for any age. It's like my Samsung Galaxy but with a larger screen.
R3130HYAZXSC10	1.0	One Star	1	1	it said it was new and it was not! it was most definitely used!
R1DAF8MAGTXF1O	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	My daughter love it just that the internal memory are to low...
R1KYJMM04ZW74Q	1.0	This product is a DUD!	0	0	I bought two of these for our kids for Christmas and the battery life is horrible. Now just a few months in from receiving them, my daughters doesn't work. It will charge, but once removed from the charger it dies. I had no idea how horrible they were. I went in to return them and the policy for returning was 30 days. Which is a bit crazy! I am not happy about this. I will let my friends who I told about this product know it is a DUD! Don't fall for it like I did....
R3EP8VPS0GURF0	1.0	not a good running tablet	0	0	Glad the company is allowing me to return the green tablet 2 times now. I have a very sad 2 year old boy that has no tablet that works. I bought 3 for xmas aa pink,blue,and green for each one of my toddlers. Only problem i have had is with the green one.1st was the on off switch broke 1st day could not turn off and on, im still in the process of returning the 2nd one they sent me due to the fact it will not connect to google play nor will it connect to the internet.
R2B84Y0Y4XYYP6	1.0	Not good	0	0	It came scratched and a picture of someone else was in the gallery. The battery charged weird. After 2 days it just quit coming on, it said it was charging but after hours of being on the charger when I would push power it would light up the symbol of it being dead. I did like how thick the case was, I felt it protected it well. But, you had to remove it to charge for it was so thick the charger couldn't go in all the way. I did send it back for a refund.
R1PEINY2DWMESF	5.0	Great for little hands	0	0	I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for an honest review. The following opinions are 100% my own. I purchased this item for my son as a Christmas gift. It is the perfect size tablet for his little hands. The table is pretty small, so maybe if he were a little older, I would have bought a bigger one. I love the silicone cover that comes on the tablet to keep it safe in case of a fall. The tablet works pretty well too! Would recommend.
R17L1NEID8TC8	1.0	I wish I could give zero stars	0	0	Terrible. The case it comes with is not even compatible with the charger as you have to remove it in order for the charger to plug in. Can not multitask at all. Can't run most apps and games (no cut the rope, really?). Locks up constantly. Screen is lit up in a way that looks inverted from angles. Screen broke extremely easily. Updated my daughter to a kindle fire hd (regular not kids edition) soooo much happier with that! Take my advice and do not buy this tablet!
R2S54QNYWKO56W	3.0	Could use a better charger.....	0	0	I brought this product for my 3 yr old because she kept stealing my phone to watch youtube...yes youtube lol. I got the product and it works ok it does tend to freeze up a lot and that's bad when your dealing with a 3 yr old who is very demanding. the charger for it broke 2 days after we got it thank goodness I have extra chargers around the house, besides that when it does work it keeps her busy so I can get my work done and so that's a win win in my book.....
R2QF231YJ5ZDFU	1.0	mad and disappointed	0	0	I ordered three of these for gifts for my kids the green one came first and the other two came last today I'm setting up the tablets but adding apps and the other two worked just fine the green one however gave trouble connecting yo the internet and then it got hot and shut off and it's not coming back on I'm so angry because it's two days before Christmas and one of my sons will not be getting his tablet I'm very angry and the company has not responded to my email
R30CJGZUM57GS	3.0	it's good enough. I got it as a lightening deal ...	0	0	Battery life is horrendous, lending to the mediocrity of the tablet itself. Applications slow to load and update, and the tablet tends to shut down for no apparent reason. For my purpose, however, it's good enough. I got it as a lightening deal for my four year old daughter so I'm not complaining about the cost, but I certainly wouldn't pay full-price for this item since there are other tablets more reliable (and with better battery life) for a comparable price.
R1ZKPDUG9OVGJC	4.0	Great for kids	0	0	This is a great tablet for children if you are looking for a non-kiddy tablet. This is a fully functioning 7 inch tablet. Do not think you are going to just hand it over to you children and off they go. You will have to download parental controls (if you need them). My children are 1 and 5 so after a few hours of downloading off they went. My only real negative is the battery life is not all that great. But other than that it was perfect for what I ordered it for.
ROHOWENJV3KAJ	3.0	Useful for light use and for entry level users.	0	0	This is a pretty good deal for the price, but steer clear of the micro usb charger, which when I used it it wouldn't even charge the device, I had to use a spare. This device is better than another kid's tablet I have for around the same price, and I like that the device itself is colored (in my case red) but the plastic feels a little cheap and loose around the device, but that is aesthetics. For this price, this is a pretty good tablet if you beware the charger.
R1RF0OEUDSJ2SC	4.0	I liked the Orbo Jr until after 3 days	0	0	I liked the Orbo Jr until after 3 days, it wouldn't come on; not sure if it was the battery or the power control button; the box also came unpackaged/unsealed with no instructions so I think it has been used before. I contacted Amazon, and they quickly issued a refund and I ordered another one and so far, this one is working fine, and it came sealed with instructions. The Orbo Jr is just like using any android tablet....fun and quick. Very happy with the new one.
R2HMZXLEXMDX6C	3.0	The Good: affordable pricing the baby blue bumper to protect ...	0	0	I bought this so my son could give me back my iPad. He used it for an hour and came back for my iPad. The Good: affordable pricing the baby blue bumper to protect against drops The Bad: the battery life is very short The screen isn't as clear as an Apple product The tablet is very slow and Youtube videos are constantly buffering It doesn't come with much memory ** received for review and inspection purposes **
R2B0I13VK0Q9Z7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Awesome......got it in 2 days everything looks and works great
R21FQ6BVAYD0YM	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	shipped quick and appears to be a great product for the price.
RB955RD4K3VMV	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	It's a really poor quality camera, and the tablet freezes alo
R2JIK9ZV8YHN5X	5.0	Orbo Jr is Great!!	0	0	I love this. I couldn't wait to open the box and see it my son would love this as well. He loves it. He is 5 years old and super smart. This was easy for him to use. This was also easy to set up for us. I love that it was Android and you have thousands of free educational apps and games to download. The rubber bumper around the edges is thick in case he drops it. But so far this is nice and affordable compared to the Nobi. This is just as good if not better.
R11VG9VN0537LT	1.0	I was so excited to give it to him for his birthday so now just that much more disappointed. It's such poor quality	0	0	Glitches when my grandson tries to play even small games. Constantly freezing up. Hasn't worked well since the day we gave it to him and he no longer wants to use it. I was so excited to give it to him for his birthday so now just that much more disappointed. It's such poor quality, it frustrates us both. His mother bought him a tablet as well, a different brand that actually does work. I wish I remembered the name as I would recommend it over the Orbo
R35Z1T41YPL6JK	1.0	Horrible product	0	0	The tablet appeared to be used, although It was supposed to be new. There was no protective cover or wrapping around the tablet. The box had a little wear on it. The screen was slow to respond and I could barely get a video to play or an app to download, desipite being connected to fast internet connection. The battery-life is practically non-existent and the table would get very hot when charging. If you want to waste your money - then buy this product.
RLVLUEUMS8FUQ	2.0	Not even good for kids!	0	0	I am totally disappointed. I thought I was buying my son a great tablet for his age. This is not a good tablet. It's slow and the screen is not clear, it looks like a toy. I will never buy another orbo tablet again. I rather have my money back and buy a different one. I did like the fact that it was not costly and arrived in a timely matter, but it has cost me more in agitation! Again, totally dissatisfied. .. 2 stars only because the shipping was fast.
R3294XY7GFFEEI	2.0	It's glitchy, feels cheap, and the screen resolution ...	0	0	It's glitchy, feels cheap, and the screen resolution is awful. It says you need to plug the charger in even when it's fully charged. I was under the impression it was actually for kids and I wouldn't have to worry about my daughter opening ads or anything inappropriate but that's not the case at all. I bought it for my daughter so she would leave my Kindle Fire alone but she still reaches for the Fire instead, and I can't blame her. Would not buy again.
R358Y2O8QTEZAJ	1.0	Poor battery life. Works just like a normal tablet.	1	1	Battery lasts for 30 minutes. Would not buy another one ever!
R1Z6228GO907OJ	2.0	Not drop friendly	0	0	My son loved the tablet. The problem was that it is not really kid friendly. He dropped it once on a carpeted floor and the screen cracked. The screen still turns on but you can't use it because the touch screen part is broken. I would have thought since it is a kids tablet and it comes with a silicone cover it would have held up a little better then that. I got it for his birthday and he didn't even have it a whole month. I would not recommend.
R1VJ3JA30QUIPU	1.0	you definitely get what you pay for	0	0	it's the perfect size for a child. Unfortunately, as soon as I turn the tablets on, the screen was so washed out that I had to rock the tablet back and forth to be able to make out the icon. To add to the list , the advertisement stated that the tablet is 4 gigabytes but when I check the storage I had less than 1.92 gigabytes. Not only that but when we did download one game, which did use up the rest of the space , it ran slower than dial up Internet.
R3ILLTBL4CX17O	1.0	Worst tablet I've ever seen	0	0	Only gave it away be star because I wasn't sure the review would post without any. The tablet won't even come on half the time, it says no connection or connecting and takes about 30 minutes to an hour before coming on if it does at all. The charger it came with won't connect and charge it, I had to his another android charger to charge it. I bought it for my granddaughter for Christmas but it hasn't worked long enough for her to play with it at all.
R3FR3QN1S9I685	3.0	This is a great tablet for my 3 and 4 year old children ...	0	0	This is a great tablet for my 3 and 4 year old children It is lightweight, and durable with the rubber case. The battery doesn't last too long in my opinion but long enough for a kid tablet. Also the camera its really BAD as in give me a headache just to view the camera :( but for the kids to use it fine , I also I tried to use it a few times for adult stuff and it was a bit slow to respond. All in all it is a good little tablet for a kid to use.
R24HW8TR3GCMNC	4.0	5 year old son and it's perfect for him	0	0	Bought this for my 4.5 year old son and it's perfect for him! Size is a plus. The soft silicone cover that came with it was right on. The only thing I don't appreciate about it is how fast the battery goes. It's good when my son is using it because it just stops and ends everything. But when I want to use it and I'm browsing/playing games, the battery life goes fast! And I'm not on it as long as my son is on it. Other than that, everything is great!
RSK56U9JW4Q5M	1.0	Don't be fooled, it sucks!	0	0	Purchased this for my 6 year old son thinking it would be a good starter tablet. NOPE. The tablet's screen was cracked right out of the box. I I turned it on to check out the display and performance of it. The display is absolutely horrible. The viewing angles are completely nonexistant. Spend the extra money on a kindle, or nexus device if you want bang for your buck. Don't waste your time or money! Contacted the seller and they issued me a refund.
R28TCWX5AI07E0	1.0	... don't understand how anyone is giving this piece of crap a good review	0	0	I don't understand how anyone is giving this piece of crap a good review....it is worthless. Games don't work, they just freeze and crash. Yes, it has a camera, but the pictures are worthless. The battery life was a joke when it worked the first time. Now it won't even charge. It is too slow for netflix and for some reason, whenever its wi-fi is enabled, every other device in the house gets booted. Just what are people using this for!?!
R1MG9H84NOHKGF	1.0	I wont even give this a star because it is so bad.	0	0	I bought this for my 6 year old for a Christmas present it does not hold a charge and then quit charging all together the device got so hot it almost caught our house on fire. Do not buy this product it should not be plugged in to charge and leave it unattended!!! Very dangerous and disappointing for my six year old. I purchased it and the return closed before I could send it back to the seller. I wont even give this a star because it is so bad.
R93YCPUXC1W44	5.0	Christmas present	0	0	Takes a lil to warm up/turn on same woth opening a game but other than that: clear sceen, runs smoothly, best volume ever, holds charge nicely, downloaded a bunch (And I mean ALOT) of games/ apps and books still plenty of room only thing that annoys me was the rubber protection (it collects alot of hair/dust/dirt) other than that I love this tablet I gave it to my 4yr old nephew, perfect starter tab if ya don't wanna spend an arm and a leg lol
RPZD34V0SGAVR	4.0	Perfect for little hands	0	0	Received this tablet today for my toddler. Perfect. Pros: Easy to set up (was on wifi within a minute). Uses Google Play Sturdy Perfect for little hands and learning apps are easy to install Added storage capability I received this tablet at a discounted rate for my honest review. Would definitely purchase again and am considering another one to use exclusively with Google Chrome Cast to watch netflix on TV
R29TKKUXF0199K	4.0	Great little tablet!	0	0	I bought this for a discounted price for my honest review. Amazon had really fast shipping which is always a plus. So far we really like this little tablet. The tablet and the soft cover that go over it are good quality and look durable. It keeps my son occupied and has a variety of items for free or purchase in the play store. The only things that I am not impressed with is that it came with absolutely no games/books installed to try out.
R19JA16AQ4CTJK	1.0	They are CRAP! I bought three of them for my children ...	0	0	DON'T buy these! They are CRAP! I bought three of them for my children for Christmas and it's now three weeks later and none of them work. They have never held a charge we thought nothing of that, but now they aren't working at all! My husband works with computers and is really good with them and we have been unable to get these to work! It's really sad that we spent nearly $175 and they aren't working! Save your money and buy something better!
R2VTKDQ7UO9FVB	1.0	Not what I thought it was going to be	0	0	It was my mistake but I was assuming with it being a Jr tablet it would have some kind of Parent mode kind of like the Nabi does but its doesn't. I was really hoping it would come with some Jr games but it came with almost nothing on it. But again it was my fault for not checking into it first, For a table it it seems to run smooth and works fine tho.If you are getting this for your kid you should prolly go for a Nabi instead just what I think.
R3PJG6I26QDNQ7	5.0	Great for the kids!	0	0	This tablet was great! I ordered it for my two year old son and it came in great condition. It has a great display and the sound isn't too bad either. I bought this as a starter tablet for my son and that's exactly what I would suggest this as. It gets the job done. It's run off if android and the google play store for apps. I love and so does my son. Great kids tablet for sure! I received this item at a discount for my honest unbiased review.
R3IEY7L0853VUD	1.0	the package was stolen at first and it was a pain to get a replacement although Amazon customer service was GREAT the sellers we	0	0	This thing never had worked right, the package was stolen at first and it was a pain to get a replacement although Amazon customer service was GREAT the sellers were ride and not helpful. Since the beginning there had been an occasional flashing red frame and it only works sporadically, also it had been in 2 pieces from the 2nd month we had it....THE SCREEN POPPED RIGHT OFF! Outs been a fixture on our closet shelf ever since, poor quality!!!
R1R7TGJFQUCNM1	3.0	not impressed!	0	0	this product had such great reviews so I bought 2 one for my 5 year old and one for my 2 year old. when I received them one was packaged really nice and the other was not I assume someone had returned it because I had to actually reset it back to factory mode. you can only down load one thing at a time. I do like the rubber case that it comes with. all in all it's an okay product I was expecting my better being it had such great reviews.
R14H72N38KT7K8	1.0	DO NOT BUY!!!!	0	0	First off, this product was delivered with a huge scratch on the screen. On to off that neither charger the product came with worked. Luckily I had one from an old cell phone that worked, but then found out the device didn't hold the charge. I would fully charge it and it would be dead in a few hours even if it was turned off. I would not recommend this product to anyone. Spend the extra money and get a decent tablet, this one is a rip off.
R1179XX5TE1JXM	2.0	You get what you pay for.	0	0	This is an okay kids tablet. For the price, you get what you pay for. It's very slow, not that clear and the storage capacity was maxed out after a handful of apps. We had to get an SD card. The battery doesn't last very long and it always seems to say the device is too hot a d needs to cool. Well if kids are playing on it then it will get hot. I wish I had got an ipad mini, but for kids and the abuse the tablet takes this is fine for now.
R3CMFWSBOHLJNF	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Product was on time I am greatly satisfied with my purchase
R3BKYRZ8LU5LH5	1.0	KEEP YOUR MONEY!	0	0	Junk! We wanted something cheap for the little to see how he did with it before investing in a decent one. It's extremely SLOW, Netflix froze constantly as well as games. the screen quality is very POOR, just because you can download doesn't mean you can actually run the app, somethings wouldn't even get past loading to "log on". The charging port internally broke within 4/5 weeks rendering it useless. Worst 50 bucks I ever spent.
R28XV4T6RP18X8	3.0	This is a great tablet for the price I paid but it is ...	0	0	I recieved a discounted price for my honest review. This is a great tablet for the price I paid but it is not worth the list price. The cover is very nice and it is great for basic kids games or going online. Does not have the memory to hold multiple show apps. The screen quality isnt great so if your looking for something comparable to one of the name brand tablets spend the extra money and just get one of those. Good for my use though.
R1S7U0TCOI2FX9	1.0	Screen resolution quality is so poor that it effects vision	0	0	Returned immediately. My son complained of his vision after 2 minutes of use. My wife and I tried it and both of our right eyes were irritated after 2 minutes. Screen resolution quality is so poor that it effects vision. Not worth the potential problems down the road. Returned for a kindle fire and no issues with the kindle fire, which I should have done from the beginning, but I tried to save a few bucks. You get what you pay for.
R2SD3898T0P19I	1.0	Dissappointed	0	0	very disappointed....I could not charge the computer from a wall outlet.....so I charged or tried to from my computer....got about 15% in 3 hours..tried to download a small childs video (wheels on the bus) and the whole thing shut down....or crashed....Called Amazon to have it replaced and was told I would get a refund...but could not get a replacement unless I ordered it again at a higher price....I only had it home for an afternoon....
RP0HPA8RQVVKY	1.0	not worth the headache	0	0	I bought five or six of these for my little nieces, nephews and cousins. They all went out to different families and three of them just stopped working the day after they were received. When trying to get the seller to replace the item I was told that there was no warranty. I had the families return the broken tablets and sent them new ones and the same thing happened.went with another tablet for the kids...it cost more but they lasted.
R3P1RXQ4YB1P6Z	4.0	This is a great tablet for my 3 and 4 year old	2	3	This is a great tablet for my 3 and 4 year old. It is lightweight, and durable with the rubber case. The battery doesn't last too long in my opinion but long enough for a kid tablet. Also I tried to use it a few times for adult tasks and it was a bit slow to respond. All in all it is a good little tablet for a kid to use and not too spendy if it was to be broken.
R2IANRLUYGJP23	2.0	An "OK" tablet for a kid.	0	0	This table is "so-so". Its easy to use (I bought it for my 3yr old and he can navigate it just fine); however, it is extremely slow compared to smartphones and other tablets. If there are too many apps running, it tends to freeze up. Also the screen is not as clear as I would like it either. Its decent for the price but its almost worth paying a little more to get better quality. Hopes this helps with your decision!
R1WDEL7FC8Y8DV	3.0	Make sure your child/ren are responsible and age appropriate.	0	0	Works great in WiFi but doesn't hold a charge for very long at all. I bought my children each one to see how responsible they could be, and it's not working out very well. I also discovered that they are more into wanting to be on them all the time rather than doing their homework and having conversations/bonding with me, their mother. My lesson is learned, no electronics for small kids. Maybe as teenagers, this gift would have worked.
R1YS4145GZC3FV	5.0	One happy customer!	0	0	I love these tablets! I purchased these for my kids as a Christmas gift! They're wifi enabled, have the camera, can download any app, and the case is super convenient. These are not your ordinary "kid" tablet. These are basically a chromo 7" tablet with a silicone case. I like the fact that these kind of "grow" with my kids. We can add and remove apps as they outgrow certain things. Truly satisfied with my purchase!
R2RTOV5ZX7QZY7	4.0	Small yet large and nice!	0	0	This is a very nice tablet. Definition resembles an iPad or other "adult" tablet. I was just hoping more for a tablet with more parental controls however, I'm still learning how to use this one. My 3yr old loves it but can't seem to stay out of the App Store. Hopefully I'll figure out a way to add a password for that. I was able to download abcmouse.com and other apps we regularly use. The tablet is definitely worth the price.
RPT2WOKYJ3TPH	3.0	Beware	0	0	Decent enough tablet for the price and the rubber case it comes with works great. I felt it is good for a first tablet with minimum use. It is not made for children strictly. The android tablet can function for adults also. The issue I have is the poor battery life (3 hours max) and it functions extremely slow while trying to perform more than one task. This product was purchased at a discounted price, but this is an honest review.
R1ZFS46H9J4JL8	1.0	BUYER BEWARE: DEFECTIVE PRODUCT AND NO RESPONSE FROM SELLER.	0	0	Thinking I was getting a deal of a lifetime, I purchased two of these tablets in July for my twins birthday in September. Defective product straight from the box. Battery Life on a full battery was 15 - 20 minutes before completely breaking down the next day. Besides being a big let down for my kid's birthday, I am beyond furious I cannot get response from the seller, Seller1ON1, and Amazon is standing by their 30 day return policy.
R3SJ4VG7PIOLR3	4.0	GREAT!	0	0	I got this tablet for my 2.5 year old son, it is perfect for him. The apps are easy to use, the silicone case keeps it protected. It was easy to set up and he loves it. Only downside is the battery life. It lasted maybe 5 hours of use(might be because i was downloading apps and it needed several updates.). I would recommend this for a child. It is easy and fun for them. Keeps my son entertained when we are out and need him to sit. DISCLAIMER: I received this product at a discount for my unbiased review.
R2UM4BZNK7UN4T	3.0	the only thing i dont like is it does not keep a charge long at ...	0	0	the item came quickly and works well. its not the same as in the picture though. It did not come with a rubber kid bumper. but it did come with a handy carrying case and a built in keyboard. so I cant really complain about that. the only thing i dont like is it does not keep a charge long at all. it will take hours to charge then only hold a charge for about an hour. otherwise though this is a really great deal for about 60 bucks.
R3C8XOWNQFBY41	4.0	This is a great starter tablet for a little one	0	0	This is a great starter tablet for a little one. It IS small, so bigger fingers would have a hard time navigating it, but it's the right size for a child and tote around in my purse. It doesn't have a ton of memory, but it's enough to get by for the price, and let me have peace of mind if it DOES get damaged that it's not a $500 ipad. The case it comes with is a rubbery texture and fits like a glove. I'd recommend for a child.
R3RNJ8HFALPV3E	4.0	Gift	0	0	It was purchased as Christmas gift. So I only have set them up! Seems like good quality had trouble with a few things on it. It was a little difficult to set up had trouble getting it to connect to the internet and was a little slow downloading the games never had that trouble with my iPad. But I think it will be just right for the kids they were purchased for! And seemed good! The cases were great and it was great for the price!
RYEGW72RAF9OX	1.0	Not able to use it. The Orbo Jr freezes ...	0	0	Did not meet expectation. Not able to use it. The Orbo Jr freezes all the times. When it freezes, we are unable to turn it off unless we remove the battery and put it back in. I had a hard time connecting to internet even though I have strong internat connection in the house. My daughter is frustrated, not using Orbo JR. It is just sitting in the Box. I am not able to evaluate this tablet because I don't know if I received a defective tablet from Amazon.
R8WGT3HWKBXX	5.0	Amazing	0	0	My son loves this tablet. It is easy for him to use and fits comfortably in his hands. It has decent battery life. You do have to download the apps you want onto it, but that was fine, as I had control of what was on it. It has great sound and a crisp, clear picture. It is a great price for what you get. It can be used by anyone not just kids. I highly recommend it. I received this at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
R1OOPJTABEDXFG	1.0	Not recommended for children!	0	0	I thought this would be more child friendly. It looks like its meant for children but once on it looks like any other basic tablet for adults. It came preloaded with two different app stores. On one I typed in "hot wheels" looking for a car game and quite a few "hot teens" and other adult apps popped up in the search within the app. Also not set up for parental controls. I am very disappointed with this purchase.
R3JWL6ZJR2XVEV	1.0	Not good at all dont recomend it	0	0	The graphics are horrible but the most thing the I don't like about it is the battery dies really fast I constantly have to charge the tablet my son barely gets a 30 min out the tablet I'm really disappointed on buying the tablet the only good thing is the price on the tablet is really cheap I guess that what we get really cheap tablet I'm better of buying the Kindle of fire for kids more money but is worth it in the long run
RAHWF8NI0HJ9	2.0	I brought 3 of them for my kids this past ...	0	0	I brought 3 of them for my kids this past Christmas. All in different color. The life on this is not long. After 1 1/2 play time. It has to charge. Charging time takes forever. My kids don't want to even play with it. They use my wife and I Kindle Fire. If I only knew I would have spend the extra $$$ and got them the Kindle Fire. If you have the extra $$$ go for the Kindle Fire. I wish I could get my money back. Lesson Learned.
RVJ2OUZ16QN5P	1.0	This little tablet which I purchased for my 5 year ...	0	0	This little tablet which I purchased for my 5 year old nephew is not at all a quality product. You can tell it was made in China as there are so many instructions and apps written in Chinese characters that cannot be deleted or changed to English. The one I purchased caught fire when I plugged it in to charge. Had to return, using seller required UPS. Purchased another brand of tablet that was both larger and less expensive.
R2G1ECMO2EYBJQ	1.0	I liked the tablet when I got it seemed like a ...	0	0	I liked the tablet when I got it seemed like a good deal it had two cameras screen quality was ok and it looked nice. unfortunately It would not stay connected to wifi connection I thought it was defective and I was going to buy another then I read all the reviews saying it won't stay connected to wifi if it had a better wifi card it would be nearly perfect.amazon replaced my money quick and easy five stars to customer service.
R1ZZKBWVA5L64W	4.0	you tube and it is great for toddler games	0	0	My son loves the tablet, but it is a bit slow. We had a blue one, but my son dropped it face down on tile and the screen shattered. The blue one was faster that the green. I don't think the color really has anything to do with the function of the tablet, just my observation. You can get on netflix, you tube and it is great for toddler games. We would buy third one if we need too (I just hope the green one lasts us a long time)
R3PZGAWBFZE7ID	3.0	Great Tablet, TERRIBLE case . . . .	0	0	I bought this tablet for my 5 year old grandson. The tablet itself is great and works great...HOWEVER, the gel/ rubber cover is terrible (that's why I didn't give it 5 stars). It lines up with all the holes, but the holes are not cut out big enough and the charger wouldn't stay plugged in. I had to cut the openings for both the charger port as well as the earphone port. Other than that, it is great and my grandson loves it!
R6U1AAEQMS79P	5.0	Great for all ages	0	0	I received this tablet at a discounted price for a honest review. I purchased this for my 2 year old niece. I set everything up and in less that 10 minutes she was playing her favorite games. It works on Google play store. I am a android fan so I definitely like this tablet. Its casing is great for children this way you don't have to buy a case for it. I would recommend this as a first electronic device for young children.
R2NFMTEJLA2I86	4.0	Great for kids	0	0	Great device for the price but I wouldn't recommend you buying this for an adult. It is a little on the slow side. I bought this for my 5 year old and she loves it! We downloaded a lot educational games for her and it works wonders on top of the time we spend teaching her things! Not for adult use if you're looking for a cheap way out of buying a real one for an adult, pay the money for a faster and better one for adults!
R2IKX1F8Q9A4W0	1.0	not worth the money	0	0	i ordered one which the charger didnt work plus the sound made crackly noises. So i ordered another one for my granddaughter and found it difficult to set up. The instructions were so tiny that I couldnt read them. After reading other comments about the charger and having a problem with my first one i decided i didnt want her to use it. i decided it was worth getting her a Kindle instead. Very disappointed in this item.
RSJMZXESEKCIE	4.0	Orbo Jr. 4GB Android 4.1 Five Point Multi Touch Tablet PC - Kids Edition...Pros and Cons	2	3	Pros- Can upgrade to be up to date on the latest android version. Runs may different games flawlessly. Charge time is about two hours to fully charge. Can add extra external space up to 32gb. Cons- Needs more internal space. Could use a longer battery life. Needs bluetooth capabilities.
R1I337SY5BS03S	1.0	Substandard product for sure	0	0	I wouldn't advice anyone to buy this tablet, simply because it is a very low end product. The resolution, the touch screen, the performance, everything is just substandard. It really hurts my eyes if I look at the screen for more than few minutes, so I definitely wouldn't recommend giving it to your kids. My daughter just used it couple of times, and doesn't want it anymore. Will try to see if I can return it back.
R3O9FZOAAFXE9	2.0	not a good buy	0	0	I did not like the item, i purchased (3) for my grandson's. the screen is blurred and the downloading process is very slow. i made sure i only downloaded one game at a time. the item looks good, but it did not meet my expectation. before i purchase anything else i will make sure i read all comments both good and bad. and take time to research the item. my grandson's 3 and 6 were happy but this is not a recommended item.
R1PZQ7NH4X74GB	3.0	Charging cables do not work!!!	0	0	These were purchased for my grandchildren. They do like them, but the only problem is that the cord for charging these devices did not work. I purchased two of them. I was getting ready to return them when my daughter tried another charger for one of her phones and it charged the devices. If she did not find this workaround they would have been returned. It's a shame that the charging cables do not work.
R1GFHQTUNLUIDS	2.0	Not that great	0	0	My kid broke it after just a month of use. It was not great during the month we had it though. Perhaps we are spoiled because my husband and I have had an iPad, kindle, and galaxy tablet. This one is slow and not sensitive to the touch. Son did not even play with it much because it took so long just to download a game and then the game would be slow or even crash. Still better than the leapfrog one we tried out though.
RKLACPM6JQ5ZC	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Battery doesn't last very long. Charging every half hour
R9RGZA1XTWPMQ	4.0	Good for the price.	0	0	The tablet is good for what you pay for it. Great for "first tablet" for a young child with a tendency to drop things. The only downsides that I've found are that the battery does not stay charged very long (3 hours at most), it heats up considerably while charging if you leave the silicon case on, and the case can also cause some issues in using the power button, volume controls. Overall it's a decent tablet.
RR7LD9UN6TO6I	5.0	Excelent Starter Tablet!	0	0	I bought this tablet at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review. I bought it for my 5 year old daughter. To my surprise this is a real regular tablet with a protective case not just a kids toy. It does not run super fast but it is capable of doing just about anything. I bought it for my daughter to play with games and take pictures on and she absolutely loves it. This is a amazing starter tablet for kids.
R2EOBZ78EK1TE7	5.0	Excellent quality	0	0	I bought this for my 5 year old granddaughter who happens to be autistic and she has had it for almost a year now. We have had zero issues with this. She is very rough with her things, but the bumper case around is has protected it from any drops. She is able to navigate it with no problems at all. It is perfect for just about any age. She loves to watch her movies and play the games she has downloaded onto it.
R4PGZ67ZOFGC8	4.0	So far, So good!	0	0	I received it about 2 days ago. I ordered it for my 2 year old daughter for her birthday in a few days . I ordered the pink one and I must say, I love the color of the actual tablet. I've been downloading all her favorite games on there and testing them out to see how the run. Everything is working pretty well. My only complaint would be that it seems to have a low battery life. Overall, great first tablet for kids!
RDNTPREMJ4W5R	3.0	it gets very warm and the battery life is not very good. My daughter can play on it for maybe ...	0	0	The Orbo is very durable and has held up well with my 5 year old's every day use. However, it gets very warm and the battery life is not very good. My daughter can play on it for maybe 45 minutes at best before the battery needs charging. You cannot charge the battery while using the Orbo. I love the case, it protects the Orbo well. It worked well for a first tablet, but I will upgrade soon to another product.
R1IVAROQHSYV4N	5.0	Very very awesome tablet!	0	0	I bought this for my daughter for Christmas despite the reviews they were very mixed however my daughter LOVES her tablet! I'm an apple girl and I was worried about not knowing how to work this but it's very simple and my 6 year old had it figured out before me. This is probably her favorite present and yes it is and adult type of tablet with a pretty cool case. Now I don't have to worry about her stealing my iPad!
R2BTLT4JS0QRRP	1.0	very dissappointing	0	0	Honestly the worst purchase I made. This tablet is not only slow, it's blurry and has zero battery life. I bought two for my daughter's birthdays and they came with different start up functions despite a factory reset. One takes screen shots every 15 seconds that it is being used and the other won't let you change any home screen functions. This is a cheap product, you get what you pay for. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
R2YOLVZ6BUXF2X	1.0	Typical cheap tablet - don't waste your time or money	0	0	Typical cheap tablet - don't waste your time or money. Had to send it back. Thought I'd give it a try since it had the cool case and an appealing price, but the tablet was frustrating, slow, not enough memory to keep a few games on. Have since gone with the kid friendly Kindle and my 2nd gen Kindle Fire is still going strong even with all the abuse my young kids have put it through and just regular cases on it.
R2HX0LN7T7ZP1U	1.0	Dont by this junk	1	1	Horrible buy. Not for children. Doesnt even play apps.
R1F0I9VDZDWN5C	1.0	Also it has charging issues and poor screen display quality	0	0	I bought the blue Orbo Jr. 4GB Android 4.4 Wi-Fi Tablet PC w/Beautiful 7" Five-Point Multitouch Display - Special Kids Edition - for my son's 5th birthday on November 18 2015. By November 23 2015 when I got home from work, I noticed it was stuck on the "Android" screen display. It never booted up past that point. Also it has charging issues and poor screen display quality... Sending it back..
RNFS52W87X0Y3	5.0	Great for the whole family!!	0	0	I got a great deal on this through snagshout. I was fully expecting a little kids plastic tablet but I was very excited when it arrived to see a fully functioning android tablet. My 3yr old and 1yr old both love it!! I was able to download age appropriate apps for both of them. And once they're asleep I'm able to use it as a regular tablet. I highly recommend this! It's a fabulous tablet for an amazing price.
R2UASRWX7OGPFN	1.0	Completely dissatisfied!	0	0	Very dissatisfied with this tablet. Bought it for my daughter's birthday, she played with it for an hour and now it's just a blank screen. Doesn't seem to go past the opening screen. I fully charged it overnight and still nothing. I contacted amazon and they gave me the manufacturers email info and the website is no longer available. So pretty much I lost out on 60 bucks and my daughter is very disappointed!
RF3HSH1SQ2I8R	4.0	Good kids' tablet	0	0	I would give this product a five star rating except for one small hiccup. The charging cable and wall adapter that are included are of substantially low quality and did not work at all. Having said that, it is a standard micro usb port and virtually any Android device uses the same charger, so I have multiples around the house anyway. Overall, great tablet for my daughter, and I love the protective sleeve.
R2CU2AOAQX31HE	3.0	It's alright for kids, but there are a lot ...	0	0	It's alright for kids, but there are a lot of start up issues. At least 4-5 times a day, it shuts off, even though the battery has a full charge, and then won't come back on. It takes pushing the button numerous times, plugging it into the computer, and plugging it into the wall...sometimes repeatedly for all, before it comes back on. I can see why it's so inexpensive. I wouldn't buy another one for sure.
R1Z5EMBUUPEIV8	1.0	You get what you pay for!	0	0	Great price point, however the device runs out of juice in 48 hours on stand by mode (wifi and bluetooth switched off), so I have to charge the tablet every 3rd day. Booting up the the OS takes a good 3 tries, it does not load the first time you hit the power button... the 4th time's a charm. Like the protective case, has a great feel to it. So glad that this is my little daughter's tablet and not mine!!!
R1T2NV7UXN77LM	2.0	not a a 4 yr old	0	0	its not that i didn't like the Orbo Jr. i just expected it to be more kid friendly... its just a regular android tablet with a childproof case... and the tablet was VERY slow. i returned it to get a more kid friendly tablet, but everything else was excellent it didn't take long for it to arrive, everything was in perfect condition and when i wanted to return it... it was almost easier than buying it lol.
R2D3B3OA55PCBO	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	got what you paid for, it got broken after 3 months...
R2MFF8SE4KJV6H	1.0	Not kid proof	1	1	Screen cracked right away. Does not hold a charge.....
RNJFV8K6SOFWX	5.0	This is the perfect size for a child	0	0	This is the perfect size for a child. My 2 1/2 year old child was able to play her coloring app and education app and loved having her own to do it on. The battery life is as the description stated. I can even use this tablet for "grown up" things too. This fits what I was looking for perfectly. I am even more happy with it due to the fact that I got it at a discounted rate for my honest review.
R18D960OSS5XKJ	5.0	nice tablet	0	0	This is nice tablet for the price. Not pixelated like some other cheaper tableta. Great screen resolution. Comes with the bumper case and the tablet is the same color. Camera is fair quality. Runs every app I've tried without much lag. Hoke screen has some lag. For the price point and purpose this is a good buy! Kids or adults would love. I received this product at a discounted rate for my honest review
R1NZ169HA66E3W	1.0	I charged it and everything first just like it said	0	0	I charged it and everything first just like it said. Worked fine once and I want to go turn it on again and it keeps on saying android is upgrading It will not go to home screen or anything. I got this for my daughter for christmas because shes been wanting a tablet and now she cant even have one. I'm very disappointed. I'm a single mother so its not like its every day i can get her something like this.
R8JJPT5JY5QC8	4.0	This tablet has nice soft edges filled with gel so it is kid ...	0	0	I purchased this tablet for my 3 year old niece. She really likes to play with it, she plays some games and watches netflix on it so far. This tablet has nice soft edges filled with gel so it is extremely kid friendly. You must have wifi or some type of way to connect with the internet for best use. You have to download whatever apps you find appropriate for whoever is using the tablet, like age appropriate apps and games. This is great because really anyone of any age can use this as you download all apps from the google play store. The quality is pretty clear but not as clear as an ipad or samsung tablet. It can be a little slow at time, but overall its a great starter tablet for a kid. Please note, I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review
R3NRFO4V4R2S2E	1.0	Bad!	0	0	I purchased this tablet 9/24 and we received 9/29. We have only used this twice to load apps for our son as a Christmas gift. Battery life was horrible and the second day it would not charge. It wouldn't even reconize it was being plugged to charge. I have contacted the seller for a refund. I would not recommend this product. We were trying to cut cost being it was for a 20 month old. Very unsatisfied!
R2KIVXVWIWXVZA	4.0	Great for kids	0	0	this tablet was a great purchase my my children. I have a 2 year old and a 6 year old and they both loved it. The large screen is great and bright. The best part is the rubber case around it so it comes already protected. Many applications already installed on it and can be used right out of the box. I recommend this tablet to any parent that is done with having to share their tablet with their kids!!
R13VRI62WKZ3VL	3.0	Honest Review	0	0	I received this product for a discounted price for an honest review. So here it goes: This is a kids edition, but both of my kids and myself found this very difficult to use. Had no games on it, and after downloading some from google play, there are still no games. Was hoping that this would be a great gift for my 4 year old instead of a leap pad. But honestly, the leap pads are so much easier to use.
R8LCXGTTQ6HF3	3.0	The red one is great. Works fine and he is able to recharge ...	0	0	I purchased two of these for my great-grandsons as Christmas presents. The red one is great. Works fine and he is able to recharge it as needed. The green one only worked through its initial charge and will not take a recharge; therefore, I am trying to get the problem resolved. Don't know why I have to spend so much time emailing back and forth. Just let me know what you intend to do about this. Still waiting to find out what to do, if it is being replaced, please let me know. Still1on1 is not very informative. If the green one is going to be placed I would like it to be green asI don't want the boys to argue over the units.
R247AS4TYKR29T	5.0	i love that i didnt have to spend 300$ on a ...	0	0	Bought for my son for christmas he loves it, i love that i didnt have to spend 300$ on a Nabi, does everything he needs it to, easy to work with and download games. my son cant put it down till it dies then he wants to charge it and keep playing. Battery could last a little longer only last about 3 hours of constant play, so its great for the long car rides to grandmas but still a really good product.
R3CDS7MGHFRODO	1.0	Don't buy	0	0	Don't buy I bought for my son for his birthday and it only lasted 2 months it stays on the ORBO screen and was plugged In and charging well over 12hours this is a made in China POS and there is no contact number for this company to get a hold of and Amazon only gives you 30 days to return this crap and they know its crap too wish you didn't have to put a single star for this because it should be none.
R1H97N1JTGF6QF	1.0	I was super excited that my daughter was sooooooo happy & entertained	0	0	I was super excited that my daughter was sooooooo happy & entertained. But sadly to say less then a week of having it, my daughter dropped the game once (with the cover included) & the screen cracked :( I was in disbelief on how it happened with the protected cover, they sent for "protection" if I knew the odds of this happening, I would have purchased a better "protective cover"
R6WZYVUF0JY8K	5.0	Like every one in other reviews said they are indeed ...	0	0	We own a day care so got them for a large age range. 3 to 12. Like every one in other reviews said they are indeed a normal 7 inch tap just with a protective case. So every one of them came worked just fine only issue I'm having is battery life. Only getting a little over an hour out of them with heavy use. Going to play with taking parental softwear off and put it in airplane m
R1QHGCXAANX06S	3.0	but it doesn't hold a charge for crap. Kid can barely watch a whole movie before ...	0	0	I kind of figured this would be a cheap kids tablet when buying it, but it doesn't hold a charge for crap. Kid can barely watch a whole movie before it has to charge. The glare on it is horrible. It reminds me the first flat screen tv's where you have to sit in a certain position to see the screen. Bought it so she could watch movies on it so it does that but kind of wishing it was a little better.
RG1XH9IHIVZK6	1.0	Returned Item	1	1	I have returned item screen was Frozen & did not work
R3EU4ZIV7B8G0R	3.0	You receive what you pay for	0	0	We bought it to replace a Nobo jr 2 with the broken screen after it slipped from the hands of my little boy. However, the screen is not as big as other tablets for kids. The plastic that surrounds the tablet also seems weaker and finally, the software does not run as fast. For some kids movies in HD, the image delays or gets stopped. However, these are all minor issues for the price that you pay.
R21VA2Z7C325R4	1.0	poor tablet	0	0	Received the tablet and it had Wi-Fi issues. We got this tablet for our 2 year old daughter for learning games, for the 15 minutes she's actually can stay focused enough before going to play with her toys. Also because me and wife work opposite shifts, opposed to using our phones for Skype, she could use this to see us and talk to us. Which we can't do without the internet. Plus really sluggish.
R1VUZVBRWWB4BT	3.0	I was so sad how easily this broke	0	0	I was so sad how easily this broke. I know, it's an electronic and it an break. Glass does that. But my toddler got ahold of it and literally just pushed too hard and it cracked, and now the screen is completely black. Before it broke, it was great. But just be careful. My daughter (aged 5) loved this thing but I took for granted that the case was going to keep it safer than it does.
R1YBKLK1PNKLVR	2.0	Great for some apps, but not all	0	0	This is an okay tablet for some--adults and children. My primary purpose for purchasing it was for my grandson to use it for the app, abcmouse.com, but the tablet will not support the app, so I was very disappointed with it. For surfing the net, email,etc. it is fine. I wish I would have spent a little more money and bought a tablet that was more useful for applications such as the abcmouse. Also, one was purchased for my husband and using it for internet and email is not conducive due to the constant freezing. I am super disappointed with this tablet! I am not sure why a few people gave this tablet 5 stars.
RDGPP5DQZ0T7C	3.0	It doesn't have a great battery life	0	0	We got this tablet for our sons 3rd birthday, and he absolutely adores it. It doesn't have a great battery life, but that helps us with limiting his time on it anyway. Even though that's a plus for us, I rated it at only 4 stars because of the battery - I know that is a huge drawback for some people. We haven't had any problems with it so far. If we do, I'll come back and update my review. Updated 4/29/2015 - We've had this for about 5 months now, and it's overheated a few times. It freezes up and even has trouble running some apps I would deem basic. The biggest problem we've had though is that when starting it up, it takes FOREVER to load and goes through a bunch of "updates" every single time, even if it was just restarted not long before. 3 year olds aren't patient... he's learning to be more patient because of this, so I guess that's a bonus? Oh and the battery? Say I charge it Saturday with the intention of giving it to him the next day, but I forget until Monday... it's dead. From sitting and doing nothing.
R1X5C61I8P9DL8	4.0	Bought it for my 1year old grand daughter. So ...	0	0	Bought it for my 1year old grand daughter. So far ok . But the pictures come out very blur using both front and back cameras. The tablet is about the size of a note book cellphone. My granddaughter loves it . . That's all that matters. She left it on all night long still had battery life the next day . That's a plus in my book. Cause i bought her a vizo 8" tablet it didn't last a month.
RTHUEKB04CQQN	5.0	Great for kids and adults for the price	0	0	I bought this for my niece she is 9 yrs old. Should get one for myself at this price has Everything I need . Great product . She loves it of course this is a child so parents need to review any apps down loading age appropriate . We down loaded educational games and she spends time with grandma,grandpa,and dad on the kitchen table having fun . Oh she love taking pics. Very ez to use.
R33WAGFN3E5T4S	1.0	Do not waste your money!!!	0	0	I gave it one star because I couldn't rate it any less!! I'm a very disappointed customer. I will never purchase this again. I rather spend more on an item of better quality. My daughter is extremely sad upon opening her gift tablet came defective. Less than an hour of charging the tablet stopped working and won't charge. Tried a different charger and still won't work. This was a waste of money!
R2KGF1Q0PSNLVE	1.0	broken in first week	0	0	Received this for my son. It has it good and bad. The good is the case in which it does protect the device. The bad, the thing charges, its full charged but don't turn on half the time. Sometimes it takes severk attempts to get it on. TThat's very frustrating when you have a lil onr who wants to play. Wish I would of spent a lil more money and got a better quality device for my lil ones.
R9A0K0JY6T1LC	3.0	The item was GREAT itself. But disappointmented we have to return and ...	0	0	My daughter was excited once it arrived. It showed up with a slight imperfection on the screen. I thought nothing of it and figured she's a kid, it would get a few bumps and scratches and gave it to her anyway. She had it a whole 10 minutes when the screen cracked and spiderwebbed and made the screen unresponsive. The item was GREAT itself. But disappointmented we have to return and reorder.
R2S3DOZIM4M0G8	1.0	Pure Disappointment!!!	0	0	This has been the worst thing I've purchased...ever!!! From the screen freezing to the product powering off while I'm actively using it, this isn't worth it. I bought it for my soon to be 4 year old for her birthday. The plan was for me to load age appropriate apps, but I can't make it through one session of loading anything because the product continues to power off. Don't waste your money.
R15P7O2JXLXKFT	5.0	Awesome for the kids	0	0	We purchased 7 for our grand-kids and nephews for Christmas. We had to return 2 of them due to them not turning on, but they were replaced well fast. For the price they are outstanding, and I can say after 6 weeks all of them are running very well. You just need to understand that for the price, it is not an iPad... But, it is so much more than I expected as it is fully a functional tablet.
R3VECWUZIPYUOT	1.0	Didn't last 12 days	0	0	Bought this tablet for my 7 year old. At first I was impressed and had read mostly good reviews. It arrived two days late (almost two week shipping) and was dropped on the CARPET and has a crack in the screen now. (12 days later) it will not even power on. You have to take the case off each time to charge it. Wouldn't recommend it. Inexpensive but I thought it would last at least two weeks!
RBYK8TONZNSM	1.0	Avoid this item!	0	0	If I could give zero stars I would - I bought two of these for a family vacation and am in the process of getting them returned. The battery will not hold a charge and the only way to play it is to keep it plugged in. The memory is pitiful and most of the basic educational apps I downloaded for my kids crash as a result. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to get something better.
RASGYOFLX6DB9	3.0	not to bad for something for kids	0	0	I like how this product is durable. The kids also like it alot and its small enough to fit in their hands. I don't like the battery life I dont feel like it lasts long. I also dont like the way the screen looks I feel it looks 3d but the kids dont say anything about it. I think all in all its good for kids to play games on and since my kids have a time limit the battery life comes in handy
R1QWMQBFZVSKJ3	1.0	bad :(	0	0	Bought 2 for my daughters. 1 charger didn't work which made for 1 very sad little girl on Christmas morning. They do not hold charge well at all. We have had them a couple of weeks and maybe played on them one hour because they die fast or need to charge. They do not come with screen protectors. Do come with protected case. I wish we would have shopped around :( would never buy ever again!
R1MOYQD497RBFV	1.0	Died in 2 weeks !!	0	0	Last year I bought 2 of these tablets for my grandkids in August 2014. They were impressive to hold and operate for the price. I did find they had an extremely short battery life. After only 2 weeks they died. Would not even take a charge. Checked about a return but since they were purchased in August it had been too long since purchased to honor. So much for trying to get a jump on Xmas.
R1J17LGTORYHYI	5.0	Five Stars!! Love this tablet!! Worth the money!!	0	0	Love! Love! Love! This tablet is perfect and not only is it kid friendly but is for adults as well!! The sound quality is great and so it the picture. I also like the fact that it came with the rubber casing. My daughter just loves her new tablet. I was chose to give my honest review of this product and it is Great and I would recommend it to anyone!! Thanks so much for choosing me ''!!
R2J17Z5XBQH26R	3.0	I bought this as a gift for my children for ...	0	0	I bought this as a gift for my children for their birthday. It arrived yesterday. Opened it to check it out and realized this is not just a child's tablet. It is fully functional tablet. You have to monitor your kids on and download things for them. While I dont see this as an issue now since my oldest will be turning 3 this year, I do see it as an issue in the future when they get older.
R2WDH2CZC9ADEV	4.0	Sweet	0	0	Great tablet for the price. Perfect for my 3yr old. Battery lasts as long as her interest which is what i was looking for to start her off. Great first tablet to start with at an affordable price. Negative reviews are comparing this basic tabelt to larger higher end tablets or smart phones. It will not function like those, but does a beginner need or know any different? Will recommend.
R126IIH64L4H8R	2.0	It's cheap for a reason...	0	0	Not too bad for the price and it works well for a 5 year old. Runs a little slow, sometimes freezes when loading a large game. Comes with a rubber cover but doesn't have a screen protector. Battery barely lasted a full half hour before it died, unplugged it from the charger when it said battery was full and the percentage was at 90 after five minutes when it wasn't even played with yet.
R31ZVAEUSOAMQA	2.0	Battery Life	0	0	The battery sucks on this this even if its not doing anything just sitting there with a black screen its sucking lots of power. And if you buy the app to clean it up and make the batter last longer it will tell you that the power is good for 16hrs but that in black screen if your kid plays as game on it its more like 60 minutes. But on the up side she loves playing the games so that ok
R25B3C8GMLZGJJ	1.0	Do not buy!!	0	0	Fast service, fast delivery but the item itself is crap. The battery drained to 50% within 30 minutes. You do not use Google Play to download new apps but some China website, and very slow. We returned it the very same day. Would not recommend this item even for the price. Better save up for the mini iPad. .... At least, it also was a fast refund (less 8 bucks for shipping cost).
R1PVUF3IW3J24I	1.0	I would like to return it	0	0	I purchased the ORBO junior 4GB android as a Christmas gift for my daughter. I would like to return it, because it is not working as it should. First the camera doesn't work. Second, We haven't been able to connect it to the network, thus any game or app couldn't be download. Please give me instructions on how to return it and get a new one that works accordingly.
R8W65OGATRVKJ	4.0	If seems sturdy enough with the bumper sleeve	0	0	I bought this for a gift for my 3 1/2 yr old grandson. If seems sturdy enough with the bumper sleeve. 4 GB doesn't sound like a lot but I'm sure for a young child, it will be enough for games and puzzles. Certainly better for him to use this than his parent's phones which cost a great deal more. I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review
R1FLZ15S8C9CR6	5.0	Great Tablet for Kids and Adults	0	0	I am really happy with this purchase. It not only suits my 3 year old but is also suitable for my 6 and 8 year olds as well. It is just like a regular tablet and you put all the kids apps on it. There is only one profile not a mommy one. I really like the case on it. It really protects it. The only thing I worry about is the screen, but for the price I just couldn't pass it up.
RMUZ7D0GWJRXY	1.0	terrible product	0	0	Battery life only last 2 hours. Not 4 as it states...it takes a long time to boot up and connect to WiFi. ..it won't cut on half the time and keeps cutting off when u are in the middle of things....and they did not send a cord to connect to the wall adapter. I had to buy one for 15 bucks.....I bought this for my grandaughter for Christmas to keep her off my phone....she hated it.....
R2W07X26OO4OGE	3.0	it is a pretty good tablet	0	0	THIS IS NOT A "KIDS" TABLET. In the sense that it has a durable case and a warranty- yes, but there are zero parental controls. You are buying a regular table, that to be fair for the price, it is a pretty good tablet. Not the top of the line, but not the bottom either. You are buying a regular tablet that you will have to download and purchase parental control software for.
R2E9MKU0X13J4H	1.0	not pleased at	1	1	Battery lasts a whole 2 seconds, not pleased at all
R2RKCV1WVT0MY9	1.0	One Star	1	1	Used once and would not turn back on after charging
R2I2FBHH738259	2.0	Needless to say our Grand Children fall in love with the tablet only to have it stop working ...	0	0	So far, we have purchased three of these tablets and after a few months of use, they stop holding a charge. Needless to say our Grand Children fall in love with the tablet only to have it stop working after a few months of use. I am very disappointed with the manufacturer and seller of these tablets. With good care, they should at least last a year! VERY DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMER!!!
R4UCWH9NMWB75	3.0	) it's good for games and keeps his fingers off our phones ...	0	0	we bought this for my 2 year olds christmas gift and he likes it. It's lasted in a world where not much does (my 2 year olds world, the kid breaks everything!) it's good for games and keeps his fingers off our phones half the time =) the graphics aren't good and the camera sucks but it's for a 2 year old so who cares. will probably buy another one in a couple years for my other boy. had to edit/update this review. not even two minutes after I wrote this my 2.5 year old threw it in the hallway (as he's done before) and now it seems broken. when we try to turn it on it stays on the power on screen (a white screen with the blue letters saying orbo) and it will just sit on that screen until the battery dies. we've tried resetting it but something internal must of broke because the system wont load up.
R35B55TY5FN79B	1.0	This item was ordered as a gift for my grandson ...	0	0	This item was ordered as a gift for my grandson for Christmas. I am told that by the end of January, he cannot recharge it because the port to plug it in for charging no longer is there. After researching the option to return, I cannot, according to what I see on line. So another "throw away" item bites the dust. This is why I will not order anything more "on-line".
R2D4ELJCVUQXF1	5.0	Orbo Jr.	0	0	I bought this for my 2 year old as a B-day gift, and she absolutely loves it. It works perfectly and just the right size for my toddler. Overall, this tablet is very awesome. . I love the fact that it has a rear and a front facing camera, and also it basically does everything a normal tablet would do, along with being able to add restrictions. I love this better for my child.
RB9XVKFCPI074	4.0	Orbo Jr	0	0	I purchased this Orbo for my 2 yr old son. here is what i have to say... Pros- Light weight, durable, small for his hands,low price, he loves it! Cons- Battery life sucks, not kid user friendly (more like and android phone) All in all i am happy with this produt my son loves it and i am not too concerned over him breaking it since it was so cheap.
R2MXHU3RX5JZHU	1.0	Disapointed	0	0	I got hooked by the "kid friendly " look of this product. We bought one and my MIL bought one for our twins. In the 1st 24hours, one unit would not turn on after charging for 16 hours, and the other made a buzzing sound while charging. We returned both and went with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 and just ordered a pink cover. Wish i would have done a bit more research on these.
R3LLPOSF8JWBOQ	5.0	short battery life if you dont change factory settings.	0	0	Bought this for my son (4 yrs old) for Christmas. He was thrilled! The battery started to only last a hour max. I was disappointed but also knew of this complaint from previous reviews. We went into the settings and changed a few things. We also make sure before he plays with it no apps are running in the background. We no longer have battery issues! Will update if things change.
R3BW07PTGYP026	3.0	so it may be good as a first tablet for young children but as ...	0	0	There were several educational programs that would not run on this tablet, so it may be good as a first tablet for young children but as they become more advanced they will outgrow it. My grandson is 3 1/2 and this was bought as a replacement for a older tablet but I had to buy a better tablet when I realized it wouldn't run several programs. The price was good for the product.
R1SKUB02SLDZZZ	1.0	Well I am very disappointed. This tablet is extremely slow does not hold ...	0	0	I bought this for my son because he loves playing on my computer. Well I am very disappointed. This tablet is extremely slow does not hold a charge and very poor graphics. I wish I never would have bought this for him! The purpose was so he did not use my phone or computer but he even does not like his tablet and asks me all the time to buy him a new one. Extremely disappointed.
R3S1XN1HKRFITC	1.0	Junk	0	0	I received this tablet with pictures of a creepy man in the dark. It was also all scratched. It has a completely different charger from the one I bought for my daughter. It was used only a few days before it just refused to go past the opening Android screen. Because I bought this for Christmas too early in the year, it is not eligible for a return. Biggest waste of money ever.
RFL3NVG1IXNZM	4.0	Christmas score	0	0	I got this for my daughter (9) for Christmas and the blue one for my son (5). They both love them and the games they play on them. My only complaint is that they don't stay charged for very long but my kids don't seem to mind they just recharge them and then play some more. It doesn't take good pictures but I didn't really expect much and that's not what we got them for anyway.
RDUWYA9WC5UBM	2.0	edit... was 4 starts now 2	0	0	I got this for my 4 year old daughter and it is just like a tablet. You can download apps from the android market. This games includes a rubber case. The only thing I did not like about this game was we had to figure out why we could not download apps. There is a place in the setting that you have to uncheck to be able to download apps. Other than that it's great for the price. EDIT... after 3 weeks the touch screen completely quit working. Also it would not charge, had to buy a diffrent charger. Idk if we just got a bad tablet or what. I gave this 2 stars just because of AMAZONS great customer service.
R13MGAWIGGZJZ	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	really like it thanks so much my daughter loves it
R2E2N99QJCGCQJ	1.0	the worst product of very low quality investment not invest money ...	0	0	the worst product of very low quality investment not invest money that crap . buy a gift for the child jesus and damage at 15 days with little use and I can not go back because I live in Venezuela . when I received the power button did not work nearly discharged very quickly , or no longer 15 days of use are well loaded the table does not grab loading and patalla went blank .
RN1UN6STCYXM4	5.0	KIDS TABLET FOR GRANDPARENTS HOUSE.	0	0	I THINK FOR THE LITTLE KIDS TO USE, THIS IS A WONDERFUL WAY TO INTRODUCE THEM TO TABLES, LAPTOPS, COMPUTERS, ETC. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT, IT IS VERY EAST TO USE,,,,HOOKED UP TO WIFI, VERY EASY. AT THIS LOW PRICE, I SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN MORE OF THEM. BUT, THIS WILL STAY AT GRANDPA'S HOUSE. SO, I WILL HAVE TO TEACH GRANDMA, HOW TO USE IT. WONDERFUL PRODUCT.
R3HZDOR32CZT6T	5.0	so I bought this and they love it. So far it's been sturdy and hadn't ...	0	0	Kids are always wanting to play games, so I bought this and they love it. So far it's been sturdy and hadn't broke with the drops. It doesn't seem to lag and the graphics are great. it's the perfect size for children to hold. Also, it great to keep them occupied! *I received this at a promotional price in exchange for a completely honest and unbiased review
R30ZAVJFHJ5YZZ	3.0	Hardware is fine - just be careful with infected tablets.	0	0	I do like the tablet itself, but unfortunately the one I received had a trojan in the google quick search box. Even after reinstalling the OS, it was still there. The tablet was brand new. Hopefully not all of them are like that. Hopefully people will check out their tablets before using sensitive information on it. As for a solution - reformat with a new Android ROM.
RY78WWQYIA02M	1.0	CHEAPLY MADE	0	0	Very Cheaply made tablet. I bought this for my intellectually disabled brother because he is always breaking his tablets, so we only buy cheap ones. The tablet is very cheaply made, in fact you feel as if you could break it in half. Also, the screen has an awful glare and hurts my eyes. The case that is very think, barely protects. I will not be buying this product again.
R1JEUAU099AVOX	2.0	I wouldn't recommend buying this for a child or anyone at that	0	0	I wouldn't recommend buying this for a child or anyone at that. The screen has a weird resolution that hurts the eyes if you look at it to long. The battery life sucks. I bought this for my 5 year old for Christmas and I have very disappointed. I got on Black Friday so I got it pretty cheap so I am not to upset but it sucks cause now I have to buy another Tab for my kid..
R29ITKT9JDUOWR	3.0	2nd time ordering still giving it 3 stars	0	0	This is the 2nd time I have purchased this product. The 1st time I purchased 3 of them 4 my kids and there was a problem with the chargers I returned them and reordered them and when one received them 2 of them where brand new and the other was pink (I have 3 boys and ordered 3 blue ones) and the pink one didn't have a charger and the tablet was dirty and was still connected 2 someone else's account. But it worked and I used a spare charger I had so I'm not going through the hassle of returning it and reordering it so it will have 2 do
R1ZDBRQ1YKBQ02	2.0	Terrible battery life	0	0	This was a present for our 6 year old daughter. On the plus side it is rugged and is very versatile and the price was great. But the negative thing is that it has horrible battery life. With a fully charged battery she will only get about 35 minutes play time and then the message connect your charger appears. I would rather pay more for a unit that will operate longer.
R1VVLLVMR07ELF	2.0	We go them for Christmas presents for my 5 and ...	0	0	We go them for Christmas presents for my 5 and 7 year old nephews! The protective gel cover is to thick for the charger to stay connected correctly. We ended up cutting it away from the charging port. That worked ok for a day, but then the prongs that are supposed to keep the charger attached must have been bent because on one of the orbo's the charger doesn't work!
R3JT2HCO9JXV7K	3.0	It works fine most of the time	0	0	It works fine most of the time. The only complaint I have is the USB does not allow for movies to be added to the tablet, and the attachment that came with it is already starting to come apart. I was going to send it in for a replacement but my daughter loves playing with it so much that we just decided to keep it for now. For the price, it is fine for a 3 year old.
R3667ZHFP8WUSE	5.0	Great beginner's tablet!	1	1	Great product! MY 3 year old loves this product!
RBCETDZR3Q8XC	5.0	Great Tablet!!	0	0	I was pleasantly suprised when I opened the Orbo Jr. Tablet and began to use it. It is a fast little tablet and can do what my Galaxy Tab does just as good! I recieved this tablet at a discount in return for my review but I would say the same either way. This is a great tablet to have for car rides, to watch movies on or listen to music. I would recommend this tablet!
R21N1KW753R49Z	5.0	This is not a wimpy boring tablet. It is as good or not better ...	0	0	I bought this for my grand child. This is not a wimpy boring tablet. It is as good or not better than an adult's tablet. I love the silicone casing it has for extra protection against droppings. You can fill this with apps on books or games since it has 4G . For the price you can't go wrong. You can even buy it for an adult. It's really not a toy it's the real thing.
R3E08VO9114WIK	1.0	WASTE OF MONEY!...	0	0	If I could give these no stars I would but it wouldn't let me psst this if I didn't give them at least one star...These are horrible...bought 2 (1 for each of my girls)...my oldest was playing a game on it and the screen just cracked...ridiculous!...the batteries only last about an hour and after 2 months it glitches and won't even turn on anymore...WASTE OF MONEY!...
R1J737LDE0LIT5	1.0	Hated it	0	0	I finally had to return this computer. I couldn't keep the battery charged and then finally I couldn't get to charge it all. I felt, from the way it was packed when I opened it that it had been used and returned. I bought 2 and the packing was not the same as the other one. I'm really hoping the other one holds up. Very disappointing for my grandson!!!
R1XDT4O8GFU8IF	1.0	Very Very disappointed and now I have to return it wait for ...	0	0	Just received the Orbo Jr. I opened the box was so excited to receive it for my nephew who will be two next month, when i plugged it in all it did was make loud noise, then cuts off and makes the same noise again. Very Very disappointed and now I have to return it wait for my money and then buy him another one from somewhere else. Not a very good quality.
R3ITR69R52I1I3	5.0	Great for kids who always steal your tablet!	0	0	I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review. I really love this tablet. It is android based, and works very well. The only complaint about it is the camera is not so great, but my son uses it for gaming and watching youtube, so it EXCELLENT for that purpose. Would definitely buy again, and the child proof case included is a great addition!
R2PGEPI13K8VGS	3.0	it was $50 so for a tablet that's not bad. Bought it for my 4 year old so ...	0	0	This item was not too pricey, it was $50 so for a tablet that's not bad. Bought it for my 4 year old so didn't want to get a high quality/cost tablet. The problem is most of the games lag, there is very limited memory, and it has a hard time charging. He can watch Netflix with little difficulty so that's a plus. Not the greatest tablet but works for a child for now.
R1FXZ5898A1FB9	1.0	ORBO JR TABLETS ARE NO GOOD	0	0	THIS TABLET CAME WITH A FAULTY CHARGER AND IS NOW NOT WORKING. THE OEM WILL NOT CONTACT ME BACK FOR REPLACEMENTS AND NOW THAT ITS NOT EVEN WORKING AT ALL I CAN'T RETURN THEM AND I JUST PLACED THE ORDER IN OCTOBER 2014. THERE SHOULD STILL BE SOME KIND OF MFR WARRANTY THAT THEY ARE NOT CONTACTING ME BACK TO UPHOLD. THIS IS RIDICULOUS AND MY NEPHEWS ARE NOW BUMMED OUT.
RHDEFCNMMMOFH	1.0	Highly disappointed.	0	0	I really ish I could give this no stars. I've had it for about 3 weeks now, if that. The batter life sucks on it and now, it won't load past the android screen. Makes a loud beeping noise. Overall, a piece of junk. I really with I would have read reviews before I bought this. Our of the 3 weeks I've had it, my son has probably played with it for about 6 hours total.
R238VTJNRXB9AU	3.0	Sort of a disappointment....	0	0	I ordered 2 of these, one for each granddaughter. The first one got lost and i had to reorder, the second was delivered in a timely manner. Both of my daughters have expressed frustration with short battery life. It doesn't last long enough for a whole movie. But, you get what you pay for. I should have done my homework a little better before placing my order.
R3FZ67ZS3LQP2B	5.0	Not Just for Kids	0	0	I've been playing around with the Orbo, Jr. I got for my Grandaughter as a gift. It's operation is equal to the android tab I use sometimes. It's fully functional as a device for adults or to download games or apps for children. It comes with a protective cover which has a good grip/hold texture as well as thicker corner protection in case of a drop. Very pleased!
R1ZYWOOW8UAAML	2.0	Not as user friendly as I thought	0	0	I bought this for my two year old son. Its much slower than our other devices and takes a while to power on. I'm returning this and going to buy another kindle fire instead. He's use to navigating that device to play number and alphabet games. Also the screen image is not very clear. You have to look at it from an angle otherwise it appears somewhat pixelated
R20LX33JP7UPT5	4.0	So far so good but since I just bought this past weekend I ...	0	0	So far so good but since I just bought this past weekend I can't say much. 3 year niece loves it! She hasn't put it down since she got it. Sound is kind of low but it's perfect for a child as she always turns volume all the way up! Also front facing camera is a joke unless you stand directly on the sun but it serves its purpose for a 3 year old's "selfies"
R19QN55OLBLXER	1.0	With all the better options out there	0	0	It wasn't right from the beginning. it was slow as anything. It only lasted for a few month though. Despite the "protective" cover this cracked with one short fall....it still worked but a couple of months later it stopped charging completely. With all the better options out there, such as the Kids' Kindle Fire, there's no need to buy such this product...
R9NUEEUVIHZ5J	5.0	it seems like it's sturdy and the case around it seems to ...	0	0	I'm so excited to give this to my daughter for her birthday! Her siblings have tablets and she's been begging us for one. We were worried about her age and the durability of the product but when I took this out of the package to inspect it, it seems like it's sturdy and the case around it seems to be made of quality. I'll update more after she begins to use it :)
R17Q082LLRY5KU	2.0	Charger defective.	0	0	I sent this to my nephew as a birthday present and the charger doesn't work whatsoever. He has to use my sister's phone charger! I wanted to return it, but I won't be refunded until up to 5 days after they receive it, so if I want a new one, I have to pay more money and wait to be refunded AFTER they receive the defective product. This is just really frustrating.
R2SVWOUJTBNTS7	4.0	but was having problems charging so i plugged it in with one of our other tablets and chrages fine so CHARGER IS JUNK plus its a	0	0	My daughter loves it... She is 7... Got it for her for her bday...but was having problems charging so i plugged it in with one of our other tablets and chrages fine so CHARGER IS JUNK plus its a lil slow.. But ok for a kid.. An adult would get frustraded lol my daughter doent mind... . I would have gave more stars if not for charger and in not bein a lil slow....
R2V6ZG0LVDSBOV	2.0	Not recommended.	0	0	I was disappointed with the Orbo. My two year old plays on my I Pad and I had hoped to wean him to the Orbo but the image quality on the device is poor. Also, I haven't been able to download interesting apps for him that compete with the I Pad apps. 2 stars The vendor through Amazon was superior and I received the Orbo very quickly after the purchase.
R93OYY0460G93	1.0	I am not happy with this product at all	0	0	I am not happy with this product at all! I bought 2 of them for my children for Christmas and I had to return the first one within the first week because it kept freezing up and wouldn't hold a charge. My daughters Android now won't connect to WiFi so we can't do anything on her tablet. And of course her table started acting up after we are able to return it!!
R1PQJCNFLYOEFL	1.0	Not worth it!	0	0	I bought this Orbo tablet the beginning of July 2014 for my daughter. She uses it maybe 3 times a week and now 4 months later it has died. I tried contacting Chromo, INC (who makes the tablet) several times and no one has responded to my emails or phone calls so I think this tablet is a waste of money since you can not get any help or response from Chromo INC customer service. Battery life not long.
R3ER5LFYBFH13B	2.0	Boooo!	0	0	We have very fast WiFi, and every other device we own does great with it...these do not. The chargers that came with it worked for a week, then didn't :( ...and now that we've owned them for 6 months, they both quit working... Literally within days of each other... I gave them 2 stars, however, because despite all the troubles, my two little ones loved them..
R1R4VZ8IQ9Z243	4.0	Great kids starter tablet.	0	0	Purchased this for my daughter, loved that it came equipped with bumper case. Tablet prr-loaded with apps and Google play store to download your favorite apps, just connect to wifi and go. Very easy set up. Tablets battery life is excellent, my daughter uses it off wifi and plays for hours. I highly rrccomend this for anyone looking for a low priced tablet. This product was provided at a discount price in exchange for my honest review.
R1JF6OJFNUD0I2	1.0	Not keeping a charge	0	0	Very excited to purchase this for my grandson, it was a Valentine present. Love seeing his eyes light up when he opened it. He enjoyed it for short while but then realized that the Orbo wasn't holding a charge. It seems to take 10 hours (overnight) or so to charge and once it was charged it only last 1-2 hours of usage. Frustrating even for a 7 year old.
R17BW1FHT84MNS	4.0	Great tablet, especially for the price	0	0	Great tablet, especially for the price. The kids love them. The battery life is as stated, about four or five hours. But the Chargers don't charge these tablets. I'm going to have to spend more money to get new chargers. I purchased three tablets. They each came with a different style charger and none of them work properly. But the tablet itself is great.
ROKJBQ534Q6Y3	1.0	Don't waste your money or time!	0	0	Not worth the money. I purchased this for my granddaughter on Christmas and she has only been able to use it twice. I initiated a return because it wouldn't hold a charge. But my son used a charger we had at the house and it started charging again. Well one month later the device has stopped working all together. Huge disappointment for my granddaughter.
R1F4VXMWX0N4GD	3.0	I ordered this tablet as a Christmas present (so he ...	0	0	I ordered this tablet as a Christmas present (so he hasn't had it long at all) for my 5 year old. He loves it but my only con so far is the battery life isn't actually 4 hours. I had fully charged it the night before Christmas and the next day my son had only played with it for about 30 minutes and the battery was in the red, other than that he loves it.
R3EUD2FVJRPHY5	2.0	Cracked screen	0	0	I bought this for my son this past September. He loves it however he dropped it one time and the screen cracked. This upsets me because he has to deal with a tablet that half way works. He can't access most of his app due to the screen cracked. I buy a lot of things off amazon but this one I was the most happy so it hurts to have to write a bad review.
R7IQ9ZKJUV36I	4.0	Love this tablet but the charger doesn't work very well	0	0	Love this tablet but the charger doesn't work very well. I bought two of these tables one of the chargers broke the other only half works now. It is for a child but you do have to load your own apps. I found an app that lets you select what apps you want your child to play so they can't get on things you don't want them on. The app is called Kids place.
R3FZX5CCDYJCL1	4.0	Great tablet, perfect for a kid:D	0	0	Tablet is durable and the outside case that comes with it is very comfortable to hold and fits well in my child's hands. Although he is just a toddler the screen responded very well to his little fingers. As far as surfing the internet the tablet is fast and it renders games and videos great! Would have been five stars if only the battery lasted longer.
R2Y2YUVAKWQWSP	5.0	Amazing tablet	0	0	I got this tablet for my son who is special needs. This tablet is very easy for him to use, and it works extremely well. I like it better than some of the more expensive tablets I've seen and used on the market. This is a great product, and you can't go wrong for the price. Disclaimer:got it free/discounted in exchange for your honest review
R3EMPVL1QMXOO4	1.0	Beware	0	0	This product is garbage, I bought two for my kids, and both don't work. The customer service is terrible, they are ignoring one of my return requests. Apparently I'm stuck with the garbage. I'll be contacting my bank to dispute the charge since they won't allow me to return defective product. Very dissatisfied with the product and the customer service.
R31Q2KG7T8LI7D	4.0	I would recommend it	0	0	I did recieve a discount to try this product. I would highly recommend it as an affordable option for younger kids. You can download kid friendly apps or put on netflix if you have a wifi connection. It may run a little slower than other tablets but it's also quite a bit less expensive and is perfect for kids, especially the thick protective case.
R67M320D23XF7	5.0	Works great. The camera is a bonus	0	0	I give it 5 stars. It's an inexpensive tablet for a small child. Works great. The camera is a bonus. Just wanted him to learn and interact with learning apps. I kinda like it for myself. I don't trust my toddler with my iPad so now with this tablet he can play and toss it around. Great price for want you are getting. Definitely a must have.
R5OXG6PN58NW0	1.0	NOT A GOOD TABLET	0	0	We had this tablet for a week. It had a small crack in the corner of the screen when we got it. I went to put a new screen saver on it, which I have done many times to other devices, and the screen cracked! This screen is not made well at all, its definately not for a child. You cannot put any pressure on it at all! I am returning for a refund.
R363EUZFNTCEGI	1.0	Defective	0	0	This item initially worked but after the charge ran down it would not charge back up either with the USB or electrical socket. Very disappointed that my first grader only had a short time to enjoy it before it was back in the box and waiting for answers on how to get it replaced. Just now getting the postage to return for a replacement. Not happy.
R303XKPNXE6HKD	4.0	Very nice tablet for my 4 yr	0	0	Very nice tablet for my 4 yr. old!! I like the fact you can download most popular apps through the Google Play Store. The cons are that as the other reviews say, the battery won't last very long (up to 2 hours) and it had some difficulties connecting to wifi. But overall it's a great and useful gift for a small child with a very reasonable price!!
R13J0I4FYR3552	5.0	My 4 and 7 yo absolutely love this tablet	0	0	I received this product a discounted price for my honest review. My 4 and 7 yo absolutely love this tablet. It is easy to use and great screen quality. The case it came in was nice and sturdy and all f the feature's are great including the camera. What a great started table.
R2R8ZBWPKHZS1B	5.0	Mrs. Scherer's Review	0	0	I love how perfect this tablet is for my kids. I was sort of hoping for more parental control over the tablet but its still a great tablet. I like the rubber cover I think this will help alot with my son incase he drops it. The picture quality is pretty good and the volume works great. I haven't had any problems downloading or watching video's. It has a front and back camera which I thought was very impressive but the clarity isn't as great as I would have hoped. This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
RVYQFLLJFY3G6	3.0	Decent tablet for children..	0	0	This tablet is alright. Nothing spectacular though. We bought it for my 3 year old and she likes it. There are some cons to this tablet. The battery dies awful quickly and the download speed it kind of slow. You can also only download one thing at a time. But overall, it it a good children's tablet.
R362YC3WA2E2XT	4.0	reccomend for an older kid	0	0	This is a fully functioning android tablet. I got it for my little one and she uses it but i need to be there with her. i think it would be better for an older kid as opposed to a younger kids because there are no functions to create a seperate profile with parental setting so you kid has access to everything. other than that it works great functions great.
R2I6YFUDZ8UHW8	2.0	The Sprout tablet is way better for little kids due to the amazing bumper pads ...	0	0	This tablet froze very often the screen is not accurate with where you touch it and the bumper pad will not save you from any drops. This is ment to be what I think is a knock off to a more expensive tablet and this does not hold up on quality. The Sprout tablet is way better for little kids due to the amazing bumper pads on it and the preloaded games and educational app. Spend a bit more on another one because this isn't worth it.
RG2JIC0AXY4IB	1.0	Don't waste your money	0	0	Don't bother buying this. i bought it for my classroom for an incentive for children with autism. It never worked right and kept shutting off. It was very frustrating for the children. I should have returned it, but failed to do so. Don't waste your money!!!
R2X1KISE4T93XU	1.0	Not for children	0	0	The software application called Mobo- something, had very very seductive almost nude photos of women. I was attempting to downloadgames for my 6 year old. If this tablet is geared for children , that is a poor choice to pre install this app. Im furious!
R11LC5FXD0VVR5	5.0	This tablet is wonderful. I bought it for my nephew and he ...	0	0	This tablet is wonderful. I bought it for my nephew and he loves it. He even threw it out the car window when we were driving ( 25 MPH) and not even a scratch on it. This tablet is durable and great entertainment for hours!
R1NZJJ5YF9S2SV	2.0	Need a Working item to review it.	0	0	First, I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review. I was so excited about this tablet and when it arrived it did not work. I charged it according to the directions and tried turning it on. the power button was broken. It was already pushed in all the way and would not power on. I am really disappointed and I want to give a good review, however I need a working product first. My plan was to simply exchange it, however they only have a return/refund option. I am hoping that I will be able to get a replacement so that I am able to correct this review. I didn't want to say "I hate it" with one star as I cannot actually review it since I have not used a working item. I do like the size and the case I am pleased with the initial quality assessment. I just need a working tablet to review the rest.
R1ZDCJ02ZJCDNA	1.0	garbage	0	0	This thing sucks!!!!! Slow and volume doesn't work anymore!!! Don't buy it!!! Spend the extra money for a kindle if u want a quality tablet for your child!
R15PLXFZR3MRQH	5.0	Orbo o tablet blue	0	0	Tablet is awsome.. My niece loves it
R10Y6TXM7Y4NNC	1.0	One Star	0	0	WiFi is not working
R3THWJN6IDDQ0Q	5.0	Toddler Proof!	0	0	My daughter loves her Orbo! I got so tired of her stealing my other daughters Kindle. Kid friendly at a great price for my honest opinion!
R2NQCGJA49EM3E	1.0	I am not happy with this product	0	0	Hasn't worked from the day we got it. It will not hold a charge. It gets very hot when you plug it in. I contacted Amazon adn they told me to contact Chromo Inc about the issue but they are not responding to my inquiries about it. I didn't see and option for warranty. I am not happy with this product. Wouldn't buy it again. It was a gift for my daughter for Christmas and I have been trying to get it fixed or replaced since then. Nothing is happening. Don't buy this product. Nothing but a hassle.
R2WT7JISQMFLP8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very functional item. And arrived ahead of schedule
R30GFRZA8NCMQ1	1.0	It should fit nice and tight and be able to charge correctly	0	0	The cord that is to charge it doesn't fit properly, so I have to purchase a new one. Not impressed with this for the price. It should fit nice and tight and be able to charge correctly. The tablet itself seems pretty reliable and it is nice having a cover to protect.
RBD692SEPRDSX	4.0	Easy to use	0	0	I initially got this tablet for my young son to have something to watch his Curious George on other than my cell phone. He loves it, but not as much as I do. I find myself using it more than my phone. Its my mini desktop on the go. Easy to use, and so much fun. I guess my only complaint would be I wish the battery lasted longer. Nicely done tablet.
R39PWEUCRGTSEL	4.0	You get what you pay for.	0	0	Works okay but very little storage and the battery dies in 20 minutes. Must be plugged in all the time and gets very hot while charging. Otherwise, it's built well, I love the rubber case and it keeps my 6 year old amused (as long as he's okay with only 5 games because there's no storage space for anything more). For the price, it's perfect.
R2M4O3ZLPPOGSE	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Had flaws in screen, hope screen protector hides it.
R1JKGFYK6KG9QG	5.0	Awesome tablet.	0	0	Great tablet and can not beat the price. It works as good as the more pricey tablets. Daughter loves to play educational games. Works with netflix to watch shows and TV. It also has a card slot to expand the memory. Does use a different charger than a USB though. Kind of wierd.
R3TTSG57FKAOPQ	4.0	GREAT TABLET, BOUGHT IT FOR MY KID LOVE IT ...	0	0	GREAT TABLET, BOUGHT IT FOR MY KID LOVE IT BUT ONLY ONE PROBLEM THE BATTERY DOES NOT LAST LONG AND I WILL LIKE TO KNOW WHY.
REIGORP80Y0SU	3.0	Just okay	0	0	This tablet is okay. The screen feels gritty under my fingers and isn't the best quality. The screen is really hard to see and almost seems like its supposed to be 3-D. I have no problem seeing it if I hold it at an angle. It also takes a long time to power on. With the case on its really hard to find the power and on/off buttons. However, the case is very durable. The camera is decent for a tablet but there's no flash so you have to have really good lighting in order to get a decent picture. I do like that its an android. It's really easy to download games or surf the web. And since my smart phone is an android I was very familiar with the lay out and could find my way around it very easily. I like that there's a screenshot button right on the screen instead of having to hold down two separate buttons simultaneously. I was also able to access my google+ account and redeem pictures from there which was a nice feature. This tablet charges fast but the battery runs down really fast too. My kids couldn't watch a full length movie without the battery dying. Overall this tablet is okay for little kids as long as you keep it charged regularly.
RROUNBL7H6DKR	5.0	Amazing product at an amazing price.	0	0	This tablet has everything you could ever want. Its easy to use. Lightweight. The camera is amazing. My 4 and 10 year old love to use it. From the pictures it seems geared towards kids, but I found myself playing with it as well. Its a quality product at a reasonable price. I would recommend it to anyone of any age.
R1HUI16TCYAPSN	3.0	the only thing i dont like is that as soon as its full battery anf ...	0	0	I just recieved the tablet. My daughter loves it.....but! the only thing i dont like is that as soon as its full battery anf take it off the charger it dies again within 10min.
R18489P9Q5I9HS	5.0	my grandson luvs this 1, i just hope it ...	0	0	my grandson luvs this 1 , i just hope it keep working , he,s only had it a couple of days
R2SIDSOSJWAV7P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product, good quality, good price and fast delivery, I recommend
RD1T63K3AGYZC	5.0	A good buy for the kids!	0	0	Lightweight yet sturdy enough to take the abuse a child can give it! Lots of nice options, just like an IPad. Quick response time. Our daughter loves to play apps on this, which is great because we get our iPads back! Charges quick, and easy to set up!
R1C6IE7STXFTH4	3.0	Minor Issues but great for kdis	0	0	Tablet is a nice size, but the power button was hard to find. The camera is very dark and even in the light with the brightest setting you cant see yourself on the camera. It is difficult to move and press apps on the screen sometimes it moves apps with out it even moving that direction. As soon as i began using it started freezing and moving slow. Its not a horrible tablet it just has a few issues with it other than that my little brother loves it he watches netflix on it all day.
R50RWFHU8D3P2	2.0	The place to plug in the charger is already loose ...	0	0	The place to plug in the charger is already loose. My son has only had this for a couple weeks. It won't charge at all.
R2TWA6F5NITTL9	3.0	Battery life lasted an hour	0	0	Would've been perfect for my 2 year old if not for the short battery life. When my daughter watched care bears the tablet shut off after an hour.
RP0GUF207DQQP	2.0	My son dropped in on the kitchen counter one week ...	0	0	My son dropped in on the kitchen counter one week after getting it, and the screen went almost completely white. It's not even usable. I thought it would be much more durable than that.
R4HJBR1G2KIOZ	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	It was a little difficult for me.to.operate .
R1P6SMJB6J14OY	2.0	Shipping , support and tablet needs help	0	0	Very cheap.. I brought three and two hanged immediately. The power button switch through the case give trouble and the shipping was extremely long. Don't waste you time... Customer feed back was abrupt and short.. Im returning all three... Truly worth around 35 dollars.
R3B9NBSV3T1KY2	4.0	Great for kids	0	0	This tablet went to my four year old son. He loves it and plays games and reads books off of it. It's a good value for the money. And definitely good enough for a kid. The skin that comes with it is very durable. It can be slow sometimes and needs consistent charging. Good bang for the buck versus something more expensive that a kid could break easily.
R4XXWJTPNL40U	5.0	My daughters tablet works great had no problems with it what so ever was ...	0	0	My daughters tablet works great had no problems with it what so ever was able to turn on WiFi n connect to a network without any problems and her games work great no problems with it at all
R2MEVXLXZ0QWP1	3.0	OK DEVICE" From a tech enthusiast perspective"	0	0	This is a tech enthusiasts perspective. DESIGN/Durability: The Chromo inc. Orbo Jr. Tablet has an okay design, with plastic all around which makes it look and feel very cheap " but it is."The durability on this device isn't trust worthy, however, a case is included which comes in different colors, as a commendable move. SPECS: This device has a 1GHz dual core processor, and a Mali 400 GPU. It also has 500MB of RAM. CAMERA: The tablet has a VGA front facing camera for Skype calls, and no back facing camera. The pictures are super grainy in low light, and still grainy in good lighting. DISPLAY: This tablet has a 7inch LCD display. Which is 16:9, and has a HD display which was listed on the packaging. It also has 5 point capacitive touchscreen. The viewing angles on this device aren't that good as they tended to lose colors as i tilted it in different directions. GAMING: Gaming on this devise was terrible. I tried to play subway surfers and it had lot of frame drops. After that i tried to play deer hunter, and the app either crashed or wouldn't respond. Recommendations: The question is, Do i recommend this device? The answer is YES and NO. Yes if you don't care about the specs, don't often use a camera, and if you only use your device for social media,watching movies,web browsing,and if your looking for a cheap tablet. No if your tech lover and you care about the specs. To see my full review find me on YouTube. Search- (EverythingTechnology ) Or got to- youtube.com/EverythingTech1233
R2DR3B2UBUMWAY	5.0	great product!	0	0	I was very impressed with the seller. Very nice and honest person. This was a great buy and highly recommend tit! -Jordan T. Almanza
RC6O56XM15D54	5.0	Very easy for her to use and the gel bumper protects ...	0	0	Ordered this for my 3yr old daughter and she absolutely loves it!! Very easy for her to use and the gel bumper protects it from falls, so no concerns there. I can also use it my self for searching the web and other things which is nice, cause I don't need to purchase one of my own!! It's definitely worth purchacing for the price!!
R1ABC7SUVL5YLM	3.0	good first tablet	0	0	This would be a good first tablet for an older child. The battery charge lasts about 4 hours with continued use. The screen resoution is not as good as other tablet's it was harder on my eyes and was only able to see the screen when it was directly in front of me. It has a larger keyboard which makes it easier to use. It does not have parental control features. I have att for internet, and would not allow me to download Mcfee Internet security which comes with my att account. It told me that the tablet did not have a high enough operating system. I was able to go into the Google play store and download several games easily. I was able to email, get on facebook and play games as well as listen to music on Pandora. The Orbo has great sound quality. For the price it is a good tablet an I would recommend it.
R140AWLMW16V6N	1.0	Not worth the money or hassle you get with it!	0	0	Its slow and diesnt have security protection for kids. I had to find an app that would limit my childs access to things. Its very thin and seems like it can break very easily. Shipping could have been faster I ordered on the 11th and got it on the 24th. update. still having issues with this tablet! contacted amazon about this! havent had it long. some days it works, others it doesnt. it either freezes or wont load at all. it never is drained of battery. there is no way to factory reset once it freezes like most decent android tablets so this is basically useless! have contacted amazon and hope to get my money back b/c id rather go spend a few extra bucks on a real android tablet that has better guarantee and trustworthy.
R1M742M4T9MBCR	3.0	Power runs down too quick	0	0	My 4 yr.old loves his tablet but he can't play with it long because it runs out of power after being fully charged. What can I do to help with this?
R15J6JGVCEOT6W	2.0	not what I expected	0	0	The screen is very hard to see, even after adjusting the settings. The processor is slower than I was expecting. Personally, I wouldn't purchase this product.
R13CVLENFY26WM	3.0	Not amazing, but it's ok...	0	0	I reviewed it as well as my son. I was a little disappointed with the processor speed ... I guess it depends on what you're doing with it but don't expect anything to move too quick with it.
R262Z7HVSC547N	5.0	Perfect, sturdy, great for little ones!	0	0	I'm glad this holds up so well because my kids ruined their last tablets within a month and even though I insisted we not get them more tablets for Christmas, my husband won and we got these because the price was right and he thought they looked sturdy. He was right, they're sturdy! They work as an Android tablet and are great, the kids love them.
R21479OTA66FFV	4.0	I bought this for my great grandson. He plays toddler games aimed at education	0	0	I bought this for my great grandson. He plays toddler games aimed at education, cognitive ability and motor skills. I like how easy it is for a toddler to navigate. The price is right also. My only disappointments with this product are the battery needs recharging often and it gets hot when he uses the tablet. I would purchase this tablet again
R3NXMCRWLDEXWH	1.0	I bought this product for my 4 year old daughter ...	0	0	I bought this product for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas and it didn't even last a month. This product will not turn on at all. My daughter used it for 3 weeks now the thing will not even charge. I should have expected this from an inexpensive tablet. I'll just pay the money for an expensive one. At least I'll get my money worth out of it.
RNSVG6ICC5BX7	2.0	I bought this thinking it would be good quality considering the origional price is over 100$	0	0	I bought this thinking it would be good quality considering the origional price is over 100$. Since the day I bought it it has ran super slow. The apps I downloaded freeze when my son plays with it. And the battery does real fast. for a pietent toddler this would be ok not for my 2 boys. I gave it 2 starts for fast shipping and durable.
R2ZF6UV2GHTYOV	1.0	The battery runs out fast so pretty much ur kids is stuck to the wall while ...	0	0	I ordered 5 of these for Christmas. They are hard to turn on even if it says the battery is fully charged. The battery runs out fast so pretty much ur kids is stuck to the wall while they play with the tablet. Plus my kid dropped it and the screen cracked now it doesn't wanna work. So I'm down one tablet. I guess I got what I paid for. Not happy
R1TF7N0A6BLRAL	5.0	Excellent Purchase	0	0	The Orbo Jr. is an excellent choice as a first tablet for small children. The bumpers help prevent any drop damage which happens all the time with my granddaughter. The android operating system works as advertised although the software for androids lacks the polish seen on Ipad devices. Battery life is fairly good so all in all I gave it a five.
RHOETE72XAJOQ	5.0	Great tablet for little kids	0	0	This tablet is a must for the little one in your life. The device is easy to use. The case around it keeps from anything happening if it is dropped or hit. They parental locks keep the tablets safe for the kids. The device is equipped with Android Market so you can download many games. I received this product in exchange for my unbiased review.
R2HC4QO8FM8BPL	5.0	I love this tablet	0	0	I bought a normal tablet for my four year old and he dropped it and it shattered so I purchased this one instead of a nabi because of the price and it is fantastic.. Its actually better than the original four tablets I purchased at Christmas time which are the next book tablets 7 inch and the RCA 7 ' tablet. This orbo Jr, I definitely recomend.
RQU63DMBBQ466	1.0	Resolution is terrible. Camera is even worse	0	0	Purchased for my 3 year for Christmas. Battery doesn't last long. Resolution is terrible. Camera is even worse. After a week of use, the power button doesn't work anymore. My son doesn't even want to use it, at three he can tell that it isn't even comparable to the iPad. Don't waste your money. Spend a little more and get something good.
RWKPGWUP4G9N1	1.0	J.U.N.K	0	0	Absolutely horrible! Will not connect to Google play, internet or any other app. I can not find a way to do a hard reset other than doing a factory reset which I did and it didn't actually do anything. I would not recommend this junk to my worst enemy. I am now dealing with a screaming child because his brand new tablet is going in the garbage.
R29CJL06G8T9ND	4.0	I bought it for a 3 year old and have downloaded toddler games on it so for my purposes it works fine. I would recommend it	0	0	This is an affordable real device that kids can use. It has no real directions so you have to play with it a bit to get everything working. It does not hold a charge for very long and sometimes it is a bit intermitten. I bought it for a 3 year old and have downloaded toddler games on it so for my purposes it works fine. I would recommend it.
R3FB4HUMSQ08OB	4.0	Its good tho I bought it for my 3 year old ...	0	0	I wish it came with a warranty. Its good tho I bought it for my 3 year old and its durable. I was hesitant based on the rest of the reviews but each one is different. It was brand new, plays well, and has enough space. The screen is plastic so it should not really break but my kid is destructive so he broke it twice but its really cheap to fix
R2ZHT5KRVH170E	3.0	A great deal on a meh-ish tablet that will distract your brat	0	0	It was super cheap. My kid can drop this in the toilet and its way cheaper than my phone. But don't expect miracles. The cameras suck, its kinda slow and clunky, i have to pull back the case to get the charger to connect. Little things will annoy you and then you'll remember you paid 50 bucks for this and relax. Good value overall.
R27GFSSNE2HY39	2.0	Nice idea, but wasnt worth the hassle	0	0	This was a nice tablet for our little one as she likes to listen to music. Well the screen always looked hazy and then when the screen timed out, we tried to turn it back on and it wouldn't. The only way to get to turn back on was to hook it up to the charger and then it rebooted. It did this all the time whether or not it was charged fully.
R1H3CG3XO2ITP9	5.0	Good quality.	0	0	Good quality... Nice protection cover....short charger cord... This was purchased for 6 year old daughter. Have to charge it often but good excuse to get her to concentrate on a different activity now and then. I have plans on buying two more...in blue and green. I also think the stylus was a good idea to purchase to keep the screen cleaner.
R22T2JR90AU6X	1.0	Veronica Rivas	1	1	crap screen froze in less than 2 hours of use
R1M9IFNWSWTCUB	5.0	Satisfied Customer	0	0	This tablet is awesome. I got it for my six year old and she loves it. Its a great size for children, it's quick, connects to wifi easily, educational games for children, parental control!!! It is fabulous I recommend this to anyone with little kids, it's perfect. It was delivered on time and no problems. I am very happy with my purchase!!
R2LOBV6I3CCH8P	4.0	he seems to like it. It is awkward to charge	0	0	I bought this for my three year old, he seems to like it. It is awkward to charge, you have to remove the gel cover every time or the charger wont fit. The charger broke like the third time it was used. It also doesn't hold a charge veey long, and cannot be used while charging.... so its ok for thw price, would recommend it for older kids.
R23WA78DHKISS6	3.0	My nephew had fun with it until it the battery quit charging	0	0	My nephew had fun with it until it the battery quit charging. I bought it on Christmas and 2 months later, the battery no longer holds the charge. Amazon said cannot return due to 30 days return policy already laps and seller said contact amazon since they're the ones who fulfilled the order. My nephew's stuck with a non-working product :(
R2U8HILIT0E09A	1.0	Don't waste your money	0	0	This tablet is really awful, it was acting up since the second day I turned it on. I meant to return it, but had to travel the week after I received it and never got around to it. Next time I tried to turn it on, it didn't even start up, has been that way since. Don't waste your money. Big disappointment. I wish I could give it 0 stars.
R29EBOK3P68FS0	2.0	very disappointed	0	0	I purchased three of these tablets for my grandchildren for Christmas. I am very disappointed! One is not taking a charge and two out of three chargers are not working. They are also.not very user friendly. I need to purchase new chargers if we are to salvage the two that are still working and hopefully have the defective one replaced.
R2YD536HLGYZDK	3.0	so good! The only 2 complaints I have are that ...	0	0	So far, so good! The only 2 complaints I have are that the charger stopped working about 3 weeks after we got the tablet, but the company has sent another one out and we have to take the cover off to charge it! My 7-yr-old plays it nonstop...unless it's charging. Charges pretty fast! Great for the price...I hope I'm not speaking too soon!
R8BO1327E3KAX	2.0	The device works but I am not happy with the condition I received it	0	0	The device works but I am not happy with the condition I received it. It was jast laying a book not covered with hand and finger prints all over a scratched screen when I ordered a new product. It took me a while yo remove the prints. It could have better packaged. I don't even have any instructions to figure out what all it can even do.
R28KSYGVUBBGMG	1.0	Completely disappointed	0	0	Terrible product. Just after the 30 day warranty ran out, both of the tablets that I purchased for my kids for Christmas started having charging problems. My son's no longer charges at all, and my daughters takes 12 hours to charge while only lasting about an hour unless plugged in full time, and even then, the battery still depletes.
RSGJKCT41VEO6	5.0	Love this tablet	0	0	I bought this for a birthday present for my 2 year old granddaughter. Her mother says it works great and my granddaughter really enjoys it. Easy to use, good battery life and the bonus of actually being a Real tablet, not just a child's game system. I am planning on getting this same product for my other grandchildren. Highly recommend.
R1ZVWLUCYCZU07	1.0	Don't buy!	0	0	Doesn't hold a charge, constantly freezes, built in app store that has no apps, has nothing to do with being a kids tablet except super thin rubber cover, which offers no protection, have to hold screen at certain angle to view, touch screen sucked, my 2 year old didn't even want to use it. Overall so slow, and misleading description.
ROWRK93EPG9YR	1.0	Do not buy!	0	0	Lasted about 2 weeks. Worked great at first. Then it switched to default settings and everything was in Chinese. This happened repeatedly and every time, it lost its apps and settings. My daughter accidentally put a small crack in the screen so now it no longer responds to touch. Do not buy this! Waste of money for cheap Chinese junk.
R3S8HCR3NPI09N	2.0	not for kids. not what we needed.	0	0	Not what we were looking for. It is slow and the screen has a weird look to it. It hurt my eyes to just set it up. Also, it keeps calling itself a phone. Just didn't suit our needs. We wanted a cheap tablet for our 6 year old daughter. We are just going to buy her a kindle fire. the battery life is a big joke. Horrible, horrible.
R36YPJAVVSD2JG	1.0	are you kidding me?	0	0	I barely write reviews, but I'm extremely irritated because my daughter used it for about 30 minutes before it crashed. I plugged it in thinking it may have died and there was just a loud static noise coming from the tablet. I mean its not that I expected much from the tablet but I at least expected it to work longer than a half hour.
R2V487UQ9S2O5R	2.0	Get what you pay for	0	0	I bought this for my son and it was kid friendly. He got into trouble so we took it away for 2 months (we all forgot about it). Finally gave it back and he used it for about a month and went to charge it and it wouldn't charge. We tried 3 different cords and none of them worked. Now it's just sitting there lifeless. Waste of money :(
R15HALG5DHX3F9	1.0	I do not recommended this product at all	0	0	I do not recommended this product at all. It's very slow and YouTube does not work. The time is always messing up and I have to literally change the time everyday. I had got this for my two year old son because I didn't want him messing up my iphone and this tablet sucks. I would recommend an Ipad or something else better than this.
R3HYJGYAAFMDVM	1.0	Don't waste your money	0	0	This was purchased as a Christmas present for my 5 year old. He was able to play with it for about one month and now it will no longer charge. I was told it had a one year manufacturer warranty but apparently they do not honor this. It is apparently made cheap if it is not going to last any longer than this. I would not recommend it.
R3NZW2XD7VBX9M	4.0	Perfect for	1	1	My granddaughter loves it.. Perfect for her
R2U9RB9E7PRGX8	1.0	One Star	1	1	battery runs down fast and it always crashes
R3EKXCLEPC6F2R	3.0	Okay, not much space	0	0	This is just okay. There's not much space on it, so it doesn't hold all the games my 7 year old son wants. We need to find a card for it and then maybe it would be better. It is a fully functional Android tablet but because of the lack of space I would just recommend it for someone who doesn't need much. So you get what you pay for.
RAJO9CTBXVQBN	1.0	Absolutely awful. When reviews said short battery life, ...	0	0	Absolutely awful. When reviews said short battery life, I didn't expect that to mean less than 20 minutes. This has to be plugged in at all times. The speakers cut out constantly. It crashes often and closes all open apps. It is not worth the headache. You get what you pay for and there is a reason that rjia tablet is so cheap
R96ODY1OGLKZ1	1.0	Just sad that my Lil one can't even use her present	0	0	Purchased this in September to give to my daughter today for Christmas. ... It runs extremely slow and once the battery died there is no charging. We had it on the charger all day and it will not charge at all. At least i can get a refund. ... But i will not be buying this item. Just sad that my Lil one can't even use her present.
RM557YO94MJJC	2.0	you get what you pay for	0	0	You definitely get what you pay for. It's not a terrible tablet. It does exactly what it says. We bought two of these. This one has a tendency to shut off randomly and the battery has never lasted 4 hours like it it says. The screen resolution isn't very good and it's very slow. But my twins love them and that's what truly matters.
R3CJ15B9CBOVE8	1.0	Crappy Christmas present and wondering how long til the other ...	0	0	Ordered 2. Batteries do not last long at all. Blue seems to be OK but the red isn't charging :( ordered them early for Christmas and now my son has used it found out its broken but past the 30 day return. Crappy Christmas present and wondering how long til the other one craps out. Should have known better. You get what you pay for.
R3306I0ONDFZ90	5.0	Awesome product	0	0	The tablet is awesome,the shape is easy to handle for my child.got a great sound,good graphics and colorful screen .this is a nice tablet for childrens and adults too,because is a normal tablet with soft and easy to carry cover.my daughter loves it.the charged battery last for about three hours.in facts is a good deal for the price
R1M59C7ROWN8E4	4.0	LOVE ,LOVE ,LOVE.	0	0	LOVE ,LOVE ,LOVE . This kids tablet is almost as good as my high dollar one. Its fairly fast, light weight, fully functional, great for the kiddos. comes with a nice rubber case. I got this product at a great discount price and I am thrilled with its performance so far. Have downloaded many games with no problems what so ever.
R3LWZZKSERJFRA	4.0	Love the tab	0	0	I was looking for a sturdy and educational gift for my son. I originally bought the Leap Ultra tablet and was extremely disappointed. When I search for another tab I saw the Orbo, and knew instantly it was a perfect match. It is made solid and very friendly user. Provides hour of learning and fun. Just overall a great purchase....
R31DXX5J11MCB4	1.0	not happy with either o the orbo tablets i bout	0	0	not happy with either o the orbo tablets i bout. the seller wouldnt contact me bak about returning them. was expectin a kids version of tablet but has no parental cntrol or anything. it is fulling functioning like my kindle fire. sooooo not a kids tablet. now im stuck with two tablets that my kids cant play with. very disapointed
R369LM5YWBCVDB	2.0	I am becoming more and more annoyed with our Orbo Jr	0	0	I am becoming more and more annoyed with our Orbo Jr. We purchased three of them around Christmas time and have already had to return two of them and now the third is starting to freeze EVERY DAY!!!! It is getting a big irritating! When it works, its great! The kids LOVE them! But I cant just keep sending them back to get more!!
R1SG4NZRSL287N	1.0	A waste of m money	0	0	The tablet came in a nice box and I did like the tablet cover however, the tablet itself would not work properly. I was unable to connect to the internet nor download any apps no matter where I was. Returning and buying a better tablet. I was offered this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest opinion.
R1AAZ5Q53S77M5	5.0	Good product, good shipping.	0	0	I ended up returning this only because I am far to invested into apple products. However, the tablet itself is impressive and would be great for a child. It's not quite as advanced as the tablets like the kids samsung galaxy, but at a quarter of the price, it's workable. Nice durable bumper. Shipping was prompt, no issues there.
R2CIOGTV607Z2V	5.0	If you are looking for a kid friendly tablet this one is perfect. At our house we have one kindle fire ...	0	0	This little tablet surprised me!! If you are looking for a kid friendly tablet this one is perfect. At our house we have one kindle fire HD and we all want to use it at the same time. My almost 6 yr. old is going to love that he has his very own tablet. Its easy to use. Light weight quick to respond. You won't be disappointments
R3QVIUXI6QQXXX	1.0	Very dissatisfied	0	0	I was very unhappy with this tablet. The picture is very cheap, my 4 year old was uninterested in using "her" tablet because she couldn't see anything clearly and it always dies. I charged it according to the instructions from the day we got it and still didn't hold charge. I wouldn't recommend this tablet to anyone.
R3P5A5WUK1K8CJ	5.0	Great for young school age kids	0	0	I purchased this product at a reduced price in exchange for an honest review. This is the perfect size for my 5 year old and even for my 7 year old. I had been previously letting them use old Android cellphones for games and movies but this is so much better. So far, we've not had any issues with battery life, apps or anything.
R1PKAP5QK3WFYI	2.0	Buy if you like pop-up ads!	0	0	I bought this tablet for my 1 and 4year old daughters. This tablet did everything it's supposed to do, except it's cheap. The graphics and sound are cheap. My girls couldn't play the apps because so many pop-ups would interrupt the games. The battery runs down within two hours. I finally just broke down and bought another iPad.
R3J3ROBXQVELPY	1.0	Fragile, handle with care.	0	0	This screen shattered from a point just underneath the rubber covering after a simple fall from two feet. Other reviews had said that the rubber protective covering did a good job of protecting this device however this is sadly not the case and was a costly mistake to learn as we only had it for three days before this happened.
R1A8YOFV1SPCD1	4.0	and 7) LOVE IT.	0	0	Bought three for my kids. Had trouble getting the red one to charge, but ended up fixing it by wiggling the charger. My kids (ages" 3,4, and 7) LOVE IT.... I wish it had more storage space, but you get WAY more bang for your buck in my opinion with these. Can download games and learning activities or stream youtube videos.
R1I6ZCD1Q2MVNI	1.0	Buyer beware!	0	0	I purchased two of these tablets for my kids birthdays. One arrived with a shattered screen. The other one is extremely slow. It takes forever for the play store to connect and download anything. It's definitely that tablet because everything works great on my phones, tv, and other tablets. So this is definitely buyer beware.
R28IIJV9XZ7MZO	1.0	Worst product i have bought so far	0	0	Had to give it a star so that it would let me in to review the product otherwise i would not give it a star! Worst product i have bought so far...lasted all of two hours. And now trying to get my money back from seller.....1On1.....what a waste of my time....seller.. send me my MONEY !!!!!! It was a gift for my grandson !!!
R2H92A1FGOXAH9	1.0	Don't buy this!	0	0	Crap! It does NOT hold a charge for the 4 hours average as claimed. You can't charge it with the case on, and the charger literally fell apart on the first day. It operates so slow it is nearly impossible to play a game. The camera is so slow you get a choppy video if one at all. Save your money and buy something better.
R277BA724XR8QC	1.0	Horrible	0	0	This tablet is a waste of money. It claims to be 4 GB, but actually has only 1 GB of space due to all the bloatware on it. The battery only lasts for about 30 minutes and the charging cable that came with it doesn't even work. Also, it does not have any child friendly software on it to keep them from making online purchases.
R1JWS57XU2NQX1	4.0	FIRST TABLET	0	0	Well they seem to be a good product, it is present so will have see how it holds up. Kids using them dropping them etc will tell the tail. Reason for 4-star rating. I have used them a little bit on line seem to operate properly. Not a latest and greatest but for a young person first tablet appears to be the ticket.
R3HWWRVZ7IN5EH	2.0	stay away	0	0	I bought it for my now 3 year old ' s birthday. He's had it a week. I hate it. The battery drains so fast, the charger wire is so short, and that's if it even wants to charge. I've had it plugged in over an hour and still at 26%.. I should've went with my gut and bought him the samsung. I guess we just need to deal with it.
R3TCKOVSMZV7HH	2.0	Don't do it!!!!	0	0	Save your money and buy the real deal!!! Sadly I bought 2 of them and same situation with both. They BOTH take 2-3 hours to charge and only last for an hour. We had to throw away the chargers because they would get scary hot when plugged in. Now the kiddos and my husband have to fight over his phone charger. No bueno!!!!
R2MM9ET1TBYTK5	1.0	Don't waste your money	0	0	I am changing my review on this tablet. It worked great for about 2 months, and then one day it just started showing lines and refusing to turn on. It was too late to return it, so we took it to a professional to see if anything could be done to fix it. It turns out that the company sent us a refurbished tablet instead of a brand new one like we had ordered. The insides had not been put back together correctly and therefore fried the motherboard. My daughter is extremely disappointed. I will never buy this product again.
R2RVEWLNIKWW5Y	2.0	Initial Disappointment verdict remains to be seen	0	0	I have returned my Orbo Jr. for a replacement. The reason I returned the item was that I was unable to connect to my Wi-Fi. In reviewing the web for a solution my sense is this may be a commen problem. Nonetheless, the Orbo Jr has all the features I wanted for my grandson so I am going to try one more before I give up.
R3GXT1807HUG29	1.0	disappointed	0	0	this tablet has a horrible battery life. I love the actual tablet it's small for a child and the case is good. we've had it for about half a week and it won't even turn back on. it's been on the charger for 24 hours now and still no luck. don't waste your money. I would say spend a little more on something better quality.
R3LQ82ZWLN3087	1.0	Don't waste your money	0	0	Don't waste your money. I had to replace it once because of the problems with charging. The replacement worked for a few days, then charging problems started again. So, I went ahead and bought a separate charger at RadioShak. And, it now takes around 12 hours to charge it 2%. Really disappointed and will be returning it.
RCH2TNKPT3SN7	3.0	its ok	0	0	***I got this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review So I have to be honest, I bought this tablet for my 3 yr old daughter and she loved it. But Quality is ok, dont have a whole lot of memory,app freeze while downloading and battery doesn't last long. Good for kids but not for Adult.
R14XV2XSQ6MCTH	1.0	Kept Crashing	0	0	The tablet arrived on time and has a sturdy rubber casing. But, whenever I opened any app on it, it would freeze, crash, and restart. I sent it back to Amazon, asking for a replacement. I was told that since Amazon wasn't the distributor, I could only get a refund. I'm hesitant to try my luck in the tablet lottery again.
R2F8EHWSPRA5EX	3.0	Surprised. Since I caught it on sale, I'd ...	0	0	Surprised. Since I caught it on sale, I'd have to say it was worth the 60 bucks. But, if I would have paid 200 I would have been very upset an maybe returned. I have a kindle, ipad and other tablets. When they say battery dies fast on this device they were not joking. Not much space for apps and slow. But, yet it works.
R26NVVSHSMWEXH	1.0	Four Stars	1	1	This tablet is works horrible don't buy it
R1QQ94JY9SG3HU	5.0	Kids love them	1	1	Great value for the price. Great for kids
R2CPBEOZGQ4R76	5.0	Orbo Jr. Android Tablet	0	0	Love this tablet it's perfect for my 5 year old niece. Its wifi capability and a web cam. Love the bright blue bumper that's on it. Love that it's HD. Perfect for her first tablet. *I received this item at a discounted rate to write an honest review. All opinions are 100% my own. My opinions are based on my experience.
R3ETV70S6TRB6Z	1.0	Inferior product	0	0	Not satisfied with product from day one. Principal area of discontent is battery failure. From inception battery charge lasted from 15 to 20 mins. Recharging anything from eight hours to eternity. Certainly feels a big letdown and desperately in need of restitution. Cannot recommend this product under any circumstance.
REJLXHLBS6K9D	5.0	Perfect	0	0	My 3 year old uses it. We load free games and then turn off the wifi so no pop-ups come. She has dropped it on both the hardwood and carpeted flooring and it is still just fine. Great price. I also bought one for my 4 year old and myself for reading online books. You cannot beat the price and they all work great.
R3R1RHWQDJR5X5	3.0	The screen comes with no proctector on it and scratched easily from my kid's fingernail while playing a game before ...	0	0	The product itself works well, just what we were looking for. The screen comes with no proctector on it and scratched easily from my kid's fingernail while playing a game before I could buy one. Also it came in unsealed packaging and a few pics even left in the gallery, so obviously not 100% new, but still a good buy.
R3E26Y87U6UIEN	5.0	they're adorable and really nice for the price	0	0	Just received the tablets today...I ordered pink and blue...they're adorable and really nice for the price...the outside is more like a protective skin for the tablets which is inside of course...only thing I don't like is you have to remove the corner where the charger port is to charge...other than that it's GREAT!!
RKZLULGVXTRZ2	5.0	Great beginning tablet, one drawback	0	0	Great beginning tablet for children. I bought two, one for a 3 year old and one for a 6 year old. My only complaint is that this tablet is unable to download more than one program at a time. It just stops downloading anything, Once I figured out the problem I was able to download but it is taking a great deal of time.
R1HYK7PJZUHE2S	1.0	Tablet won't charge or turn on, NOTHING!!!	0	0	Purchased 3 tablet for my kids in every color. Got it couple hours ago and downloaded 2 games. & then battery died. I've had it charged for 30 mins now & nothing??? My other 2 are charging just fine just the blue one won't charged no light or NOTHING!!! just kind of ridiculous when I just got it couple hours ago.
R3TC1Z0TRGKATG	1.0	Not worth the money.	0	0	Poor quality tablet. The screen is not clear, hard to click on icons, very very slow. I only use it for my two year old's apps and even with only a couple of apps the tablet is very slow. I wasn't able to find many apps compatible with the tablet either. I am dissapointed in wasting money on this poor quality tablet.
R2M3O9XIA0KD5R	4.0	Great tablet for kids!!!!	0	0	I purchased this for my 3 year old grandson and he love it!!! Its easy for him to carry in his little hands and keeps a charge long enough to keep him entertained. Its very durable and easy to operate. He can get every app he wants and can even watch netflix on it. This is a great tablet for the young tech savvy!!!!
R17RK2XZKS0VLZ	1.0	TABLETS ARE NO GOOD!!!!	0	0	I purchased 2 of these tablets for my kids for Christmas and within two weeks my daughters tablet was no longer working. My son's tablet lasted for about 3 months and it looks like it's gone on the blink too.These are cheap tablets. I wouldn't waste my money. Do yourself a favor and buy a name brand with a warranty.
R39PW9GAQIZJPB	1.0	WIFI signal not consistent	0	0	Connection to WIFI was intermittent at home, tested at work (solid WIFI) just to make sure not my WIFI, same result. Immediately sent back to Amazon rather than invest time with this matter. Also when rubber cover is on cannot plug in cord to unit, must peal cover back to charge unit once charged put cover back on.
RAWLDQ6AOMEZ2	1.0	Broke after 1 day	0	0	Not very sturdy for a child. My 5 year old had it 1 day dropped it in the kitchen and the screen and sensor cracked. Not usable anymore. The rubber sleeve around it would be great for keeping cosmetic scratches off of the exterior but offers no protection for the part of the tablet most likely to break. The screen!
R13KH4I9HFU16B	2.0	Speaker blew on first day	0	0	Was happy when we first pulled it out of the box. I charged it and download apps for my daughter. One of the apps was a piano keyboard. The volume wasn't even up very loud yet the speaker blew. I returned it to amazon and am currently waiting for my refund. It's not an awful tablet but definitely is cheaply made
R1A2PK2OTBBRM5	1.0	Garbage!	0	0	I just wanted something simple and not too fancy for my 5 year old. She got this on dec. 25th and the on button stopped working by the 29th. Runs slow which was kind of expected. Didn't expect it to break in 4 days though. Charger cord doesn't stay in tablet all too well either! Must remove rubber cover to charge!
R3HAMPGAH253WD	2.0	Waste of money	0	0	Recently purchased this tablet and after 2 days the sound stopped working . It says the volume Is on and up but there is no sound in apps or on the whole tablet. Very disappointed because my sister never got a chance to really use and enjoy tablet. Trying to contact seller about it but so far no luck.
RWS17QFR0KG5A	3.0	good for coloring, bad for big boys	0	0	Not a bad little tablet. Works well for my 3yo BUT be warned. They take forever to charge and the expandable memory slot does nothing. It sees the card but will not store anything on it. Good buy for a little toddler but a little boy would get bored of this very quickly because you can't put many apps on it.
R2H6PLLSK1O4L2	1.0	l have dump both of them it was a mess l wasted my had earn money for for a crab	0	0	Hi my experience of buying orbo was a nightmare bought two for my two boys right away,l found that it's inferior.They couldn't use it for anything it was slow nothing was coming up and within a week the screen had started cracking,l have dump both of them it was a mess l wasted my had earn money for for a crab..
RKW5PUCM0YNKQ	1.0	Don't purchase!!	0	0	We bought two of these for our girls for Christmas and I couldn't be more disappointed in the product!! They are slow, have a bad screen and don't work most of the time. I have had to do the factory reset several times to get the Play Store to work. It is very frustrating! I would NOT recommend this product!!
R2XX2PK8J3N3EA	5.0	Great tablet. It does everything a regular tablet can ...	0	0	Great tablet. It does everything a regular tablet can do. It's like an iPad. The camera isn't so great and retina display isn't so bright but overall its a great tablet for my niece who's a toddler. There are many education apps and games that can be downloaded. Keep the case on at all time because it's fragile.
RKHHSW9OG25CZ	1.0	One Star	1	1	Piece of crap and now I cannot return it!
R1J13O4XZSHPNQ	2.0	drop a little more money on a kindle fire kids edition and you wont be disappointed.	0	0	very cheaply made product. my daughter dropped it on the carpet in our room and the screen cracked on the first day. It works but only barely lets us you use touch screen function, other than that it would maybe be three stars. drop a little more money on a kindle fire kids edition and you wont be disappointed.
R2XHPE6L0GINGH	1.0	You should pass this one by	0	0	I purchased 5 of theses tablets for my kids for Christmas. Three of the five have had problems and two of those three are dead after one month of use. Dead speaker on one, just lines through the screen on the other, and completely dead on the third. My expectations were low but I did expect more than one month.
R2LYNWNSWIC7NA	2.0	I'm not sure how I feel yet...	0	0	The speakers don't work very well..It seems like this tablet I got is not new. maybe re-furbished? It's slow, and it already had alot of apps installed on it. Im still trying to decide if I want to keep it or not. I bought it for my daughter so If i take it away she'll be dissapointed, since it was a Bday present. The battery takes forever to charge & it goes dead after about 2-3hrs of constant use.
R2HV8VW3Y9W00O	4.0	Great buy!	0	0	This is a great tablet to start a small child off with. It is child friendly and adults can use it as well. The plastic cover however inhibits the charger from being placed properly and the charger broke. Have to get a new charger. The battery life is exhausted really quickly too. The camera is great outdoors.
R38VQVQ0W0BGPM	5.0	... cause its for my 2 year old and It's easy to use	0	0	I give it 5 stars cause its for my 2 year old and It's easy to use. HOWEVER, the charger is crappy. It doesnt fit snuggly in the tablet. You have to make sure its positioned right or else it won't take a charge. The volume/speaker also sucks. Like I said, my 2 year old loves it so it's great for her
R2QQHWMICCU7O6	4.0	Worst tablet ever	2	3	Worst tablet ever!! It cannot hold any charge at all. Everytime i charge it, the battery completly dies in less than 30 minutes. My daughter has never had the chance to play all the apps that i installed. It was a waste of my hard earn money!!
R2TV88XGZJVZM5	4.0	Love it!	0	0	So far so good. I brought this for my 1yr old who's very advanced for his age and it's perfect for his little fingers. The camera is not great but everything else is awesome. Just like a regular tablet and the case around it is the best!! My son drops it all over the place and not a scratch. Worth the money.
R25WH2UE4B7NC3	4.0	Great lil tablet	0	0	Great lil tablet, my son loves it. He can can play with all of his apps and I can do all of my emails, youtube, social media...etc. Only problem is when I added a 8GB SD card, new apps will not save to the card, and internal memory is full. The internal memory is kind of small. Overall, a good tablet :)
R2AIVSF8KHRQ18	2.0	Not worth 20.00	0	0	I bought three of these for christmas for my kids. By January they would not work. One will not charge and two just will not work at all. I understand they were inexpensive but they should las longer than a few months. I would hope that they had some kind of replacement plan but can't find out how to do it.
RSDO88JVS98IK	2.0	Wasted money!	0	0	For the price is ok, but is low functionality. I bought for christmas to my 4 years daughter; for my surprised i can't install a lot games from de Google Play Store because don't run in the tablet, i'm very disappointed. I not recommend this to anybody, spend more money in a tablet that you can really used.
R2QPBU7WPE6R3T	1.0	Do not buy.	0	0	It was USED and DAMAGED when I got it. There were fingerprints all over it and a large scratch on the screen. It was for my 7 year old's B-day and he really wanted it so, I figured we'd push through. Plugged the thing in to charge it, the screen distorted and flipped on and off, and then cut off completely.
R27ZC1MHNNR828	5.0	Great Kids Tablet	0	0	Great for kids. The battery doesn't last as long as other tablets, but I am perfectly ok with that, makes limiting time spent playing games easier. I love the bumper it comes with, I don't worry so much about it being dropped. Is great for my 3 year old to play learning games downloaded through google play.
R2R2Y5AMFKZTGY	5.0	I thought it would be a cheap little tablet that ...	0	0	I thought it would be a cheap little tablet that my grandson would break in a few minutes. Boy was wrong! It is a high quality tablet that even has a camera for pictures and video chatting. I was so presently surprised that I have decided to get a few more to give as gifts and for my personal use as well.
R102MYWEJBHKHI	5.0	kids loves it	0	0	I recieved this item discounted pay a good deal my son loves it. If your kids love playing with phone this is a great one for them. My son could download lots of games and even watch you tube since that'd all he ever do on the phone. Thinking about getting my daughter one too. Would totally recommend this.
R278CRLPGGY8YU	1.0	Was very excited to receive this for my granddaughter. ...	0	0	Was very excited to receive this for my granddaughter. It worked for four days then would power on after having a full charge then the screen would go black. Very disappointing. In addition, the system is very very slow. Returned for a full refund on 1/2/15. Still waiting on a credit to my account.
R2EBXD5PYA06FB	3.0	but I will say the battery life on this product if horrible! I have always been a Droid user and ...	0	0	We bought this for our 19 month old daughter and does the trick of entertaining her when mommy and daddy need to get things done, but I will say the battery life on this product if horrible! I have always been a Droid user and found this product a little hard to navigate with the buttons and touch screen.
R26AR4T58ASPDZ	1.0	NO GOOD	0	0	sucks! got it for a christmas present for daughter, it will NoT hold a charge and starting tonight it decided not to charge and when i do get a response out of the plug it is flickering and showing a dead batt. she played with it two days!! i do not recommend it. save your money for something better.
R35ABCSCASP9NW	5.0	Love it!!	0	0	I absolutely love this tablet! I bought it for my son, and I figured it would be like a typical kid tablet where there's way less thst you can do on it. But turns out it's a full functioning tablet that even adults would love and get a lot out of. I would definitely recommend this, and I have actually :)
R3NMZSKFTTM2V9	4.0	Although he can't initiate much but we can load up things like slide shows and videos which he seems to enjoy	0	0	I bought this for my Dad who has Alzheimer's and always reachs for our phones, lap tops and tablets. Now he has one of his own. Although he can't initiate much, we can load up things like slide shows and videos which he seems to enjoy. Mostly, he just has it on his lap and knows that it's his.
R1FNSPKMUNAPZK	5.0	Orbo Jr	0	0	Its fun to used, Easy to handle, Gets to what you are looking for without any Freezing at all. I will in due time surly get myself another one for myself as this one is for my Little Daughter. Therefore I will Recommend this product any one who needs to get a handy little Tablet, Thank You.
R3EHFTXOVWOD8B	1.0	Not happy with this	0	0	this one was not working for me... it took so much time to get started. I was not able to play any youtube videos on it. when i played videos in youtube, picture was not coming only audio was coming. the moving between the screens was very slow. finally i was not happy with this product and returned it.
R3A08SERX5ZNPF	4.0	Great looking tablets	0	0	I bought two Jr. Androids. They came packaged very well. Great looking tablets. I read the reviews on the Jr. Android and they said the tablet is slow when downloading apps. But . . . I didn't realize how slow it really is!! That's my only main complaint. Too slow in getting into apps!😳?. Otherwise
R3FWXNSS3X2UDP	2.0	If only the battery was better...	0	0	On the exterior it seems to be a good device. The case around it is thick, which is good. However, the battery life on this tablet is crap. Plugged it, and turned down all the settings to the minimum. And it dies in one hour. Even my old Motorola Razer flip phone has better battery life than this.
R2B2P7P1EEBAS1	1.0	Product Battery life is non existent right out of the box.	0	0	I had high expectations for this product. I got it for my 4 year old son so that he could have his own device for a long car trip. Unfortunately this product battery does NOT hold a charge right out of the box. The battery life was non existent and it should be able to hold a charge when brand new.
RI9QPVIRK0HK1	5.0	Perfect for kiddos who love playing on your tablet	0	0	We received this at a discounted price but very well would have payed full price. I got it for my 4 year old and it's perfect. He loves watching YouTube kids and playing games and this does everything he wants it to do and if I want to borrow it everything I need it to. Great quality at a great price!
R1J14A46TTEMEW	1.0	Awful Birthday Present!!!	0	0	for one it took forever to get. for two, it stopped working after a month my son got it kept constantly freezing the charger never worked and now it wont charge at all after using multiple different chargers on it worst purchase ever! horrible birthday present for my baby boy!
R1DIX5GSVMFDZI	1.0	I am highly disappointed.	0	0	My daughter got this as a birthday present. She played on it for about 10 minutes, at which point the screen turned white and froze. Now it is stuck on the Android screen and won't turn on or off. I tried restarting it multiple times but it just popped up with a dead android. I am highly disappointed.
R1CI02ARNWQU5V	3.0	Pretty good	0	0	At the start up it is kinda slow well not kinda it's super slow. I got the tablet at a discount and so far it's been working good the charge didn't seem to hold when I had it out download things on it for my daughter when we have it out all the time and we play on it more I will write a better review
R27ZRWYCFWNIF7	1.0	I'm so disappointed with this purchase	0	0	I purchased this tablet for my five year old. Got it yesterday and today it just stopped working. I took a picture with it and the screen showed some broad lines. And it just hasn't responded. The screen went blank and its not working. I'm so disappointed with this purchase. I would not recommend it.
R37DP45PDN5RGG	2.0	Not as durable as I thought. ..	0	0	The seller was great! I got my Orbo as promised and brand new. However, the screen cracked when my toddler was playing with it after day one. I had purchased this product three times before for nieces and nephews and they love them. I thought they were fairly durable but now I am sorry I bought it.
R25TTFX77J4W6D	1.0	Just so you're aware...	0	0	I bought two of these and they stopped charging after a week or two, BOTH of them. The USB-Micro cord is also pretty shoddy and I found I got a better connection with an aftermarket cord intended for my PS4 controllers. Unfortunately I missed the window to get these replaced because they were purchased well in advance of xmas, and didn't die until around new years. One thing I couldn't understand about these tablets was how they ALWAYS use the battery, even when they are plugged in. Pretty much all basic smart devices will not do that, and switch to AC/DC power whenever it can to preserve the battery. That is the fundamental defect of this device, and probably why the batteries die so quickly. That being said, I can't imagine replacing these under warranty is really any kind of fix, since they'll do the same basic, stupid thing with a new battery. So with pretty much nothing to lose, I tried something I don't recommend you do unless you have repair experience and know how to be safe around a soft cell battery. Basically - I opened the Orbo Jr's and cut the battery cables where they are soldered to the logic board. Now I've got two kiosks rather than tablets, but it actually solved so many problems with this device. It boots up reliably, and the wi-fi doesn't constantly drop. Sure I've voided my warranty, but that wasn't worth much in my opinion. I'm changing my rating to 1 star based on what I've learned. These things don't have just bad batteries, they have bad firmware, and bad power management logic. There is no "firmware update" in existence to fix this, and there really should be. I can't imagine how the manufacture could pump these things out, sell them, and not know all this. Will absolutely never buy anything made by Chrome Inc ever again.
RR0T3RQCY46OB	4.0	they look great and not made cheaply at all	0	0	Just got two of these for my girls 8 and 12 for xmas one in green and one pink the nov 2014 ed...they look great and not made cheaply at all! The only complaint I have is the screen resolution is not that great...but for the price well worth it! I'll write another review once the girls try them out!
R2SP0O9OBOT4OR	5.0	Great big heart	0	0	I know I asked you people that I would like to send it back only because my granddaughter already has a tablet. I have also decided to keep the product I haven't even opened the box yet and I'm going to make some underprivileged child happy for the holidays thank you again Bill BOSMAN from New York
R39LNYMG9T1ZZ0	4.0	Great for my two year old who has ASD	0	0	Great for my two year old who has ASD. But beware- some apps that you may be used to using on your Android phone may not be available to download onto this (endless reader and fruit ninja were ones that we were bummed out about). As far as price goes I don't think it gets much better than this, tho!
R2L5WNE0SQNQHU	4.0	Seems pretty good, the battery life is not so good	0	0	Seems pretty good, the battery life is not so good. To listen to music you must download the google play app. Careful it's free for one month but after that it's 9.99 a month! No thanks! the speakers sound a little off too. Got it for my 2 yr old to play games so hopefully it works out well for her.
RI1DC33KWJVGQ	2.0	Sometimes works ok, mostly junk.	0	0	Ordered 2 tablets. One was defective but it was already after the 30 day return policy so I'm stuck with it. The other tablet works ok but it is quite slow and the charge only seems to last 30 minutes to an hour when watching youtube videos or netflix, which is primarily what my girls use it for.
R2ALQMZU38JM66	2.0	It's only been 3 weeks. ...	0	0	I've only had this tablet for 3 weeks and it is giving a problem. It won't charge even after being on the charger for over an hour and it's a battery symbol with a yellow exclamation when I try to turn it on. I don't see a reset button. I need help. This is very aggravating to a 3 year old.
R3JPQW86CCLFMC	1.0	shattered in my son's hand	0	0	The charger broke within a day. The tablet shattered in my son's hands within 2 weeks. Since the charger wouldn't fit with the rubber case on it, we left it off since the battery life sucked and he had to play with it plugged in. He is 6, so we monitored him while he played on it. Not recommended.
R26A13QLSKLRA3	1.0	Is very slow and barley connects to ANY WiFi. ...	0	0	Is very slow and barley connects to ANY WiFi... Doesn't. Download apps and when my son was playing The angry birds game that's already loaded on it, the screen went crazy and the thing made loud crackling sound and fizzled out. Now it won't charge or turn on much less.. Haven't had it but 2 days..
R31F1SZ7L61ET4	1.0	took to best buy and they couldn't even get me info on ...	0	0	chargers didn't work. had to buy new ones. then batteries quit working on them unless they are always plugged in. very flimsy screen cracked during playing a game. do not buy no customer service phone number. took to best buy and they couldn't even get me info on company after looking for an hour
R1LN4M3NDHJ3G3	4.0	Games are easy to download and play	0	0	Purchased for my 2 year old at a discounted price. It is worth the current price it goes for. Cons: Hooked up to wifi for netflix and it was slow. Pros: Games are easy to download and play; good size for her to hold and play on; Descent price; so far the cover protects the tablet good.
R272ZR7ZXZJ3PH	1.0	one has been working great, the other not so much	0	0	I purchased 2 tablets as Christmas gifts for my 6 year old twin boys... one has been working great, the other not so much!! it powered on for all of maybe 45 minutes!! When I plug in the charger to charge it the screen flashes on then complete darkness. Needless to say they will be going back!!
RJSN8JE23ZGHO	2.0	This is a great idea, durable	0	0	This is a great idea, durable! But I can not get it to work. SLOW!!! Apps only run part of the time. Freezes, updates too frequently. Frustrating and disappointing. Have tried to use this at different locations with different WiFi connections, still does't work. Wish I could send it back!
R318ONGC5H4HA	1.0	bought 2 of these for my kids and the chargers ...	0	0	bought 2 of these for my kids and the chargers broke within a couple of days. 2 months later the screens had cracked and i had to have both the tablets replaced. both of the replacements were defective when we got them but the seller refused a refund. i would NOT suggest this product to anyone!
R8V9LRVM8YF9V	1.0	avoid!	0	0	I guess I could overlook the crappy graphics and the fact that it barely had any memory but 2 months after I got it the sound stopped working. I thought it was just my sons but now the one my mom bought for my little sister did the same thing this week and she bought hers the same time I did.
R2LQ1YO9CCKEO0	4.0	a really great choice for kids	0	0	a really great choice for kids. Bought this for my 1 year old and she loves it. It stands up 100% to all the craziness she does. pelting it on the ground, standing on it, eating over it etc. The case is great. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a reasonable and safe tablet for kids.
ROI9C0G0QAFQJ	2.0	I would not recommend buying this	0	0	This does not have a lot of storage so you can only download a couple of games at a time. The case is already cracked and the power button is almost impossible for 5 year old to shut off because you have to press it at a specific angle to get it to turn off. I would not recommend buying this.
R3MN0KQYV7CYA	5.0	functional and great for kids	0	0	I got this tablet for my youngest son who just turned 2. It's light, functional and great for kids. I was not expecting too much from this tablet but I was wrong. It works just as the same as those expensive brand tablets. If you need a tablet for your little ones, this tablet is great. I got this product on a discounted price in exchange for an honest review.
R1VSHEX2MGR5OC	3.0	a tablet for a young beginner	0	0	Bought this for my grand daughter to replace one that she dropped and broke the screen. Does not have much memory but you can fix that with an SD card. This is not a high end tablet but for a five year old it will do just fine. Hopefully it's cover Wii protect it better in case it is dropped
R2QGA1FJRSHKBS	1.0	Currently attempting to return	0	0	Gave it to my 4 year old son on Christmas Day and 9 days later the screen defected and is pretty much garbage. I bought it back in September though, so hopefully, I can still return it. Pending return request now. Also, The 12 hour charge is rediculous for a battery that lasts maybe 2 hours.
RSI6WLEPN7BUC	3.0	I am not saying it is a bad product, I may have just gotten a bad ...	0	0	unfortunately it did not work very well, worked for a while but then it wouldn't turn on without the charger. I am not saying it is a bad product, I may have just gotten a bad one .Other than it not turning on properly it worked fine but I need it to work without the charger on all the time.
R3IP0AAA90WGVG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great Product and super fast shipping!
R32DW9O7VW8FDG	1.0	Do not waste your $$$$$$$$$$$$	0	0	Piece of crap! You had to keep "optimizing" the device to play the games at slow speed. What a pain that was. After two days the charger broke. Then the battery went dead after 15 minutes. Then the thing wouldn't turn on at all. I got it as a lightning deal. Such a pile of doo doo.
R3ELZ58OC650HY	4.0	Our 4 year old is constantly stealing ours so it has been great now that he has his own	0	0	So excited to find this tablet! Our 4 year old is constantly stealing ours so it has been great now that he has his own. Easy to use and I love the case it comes with to help when he drops it. He loves it! Highly recommend for youngsters! *Did receive a discount in exchange for review.
R117FPTJ3H5LRJ	4.0	Great tablet for young kids	0	0	I bought this tablet for my daughter , so far works great, my daughter loves it, she uses it to see cartoons on youtube. I really like that the tablet cone with the durable case but I have to remove it when I need to charge the tablet because the charger doesn't fit when the case is on.
R3JD8J2W7X840R	1.0	very unsatisfied first and last time customer.	0	0	I'm very upset, the tablet runs very Slow and u can't download anything without all these pop up windows. I opened the back of it to see the batterie because it won't hold charge and it look like a experimental project,.. I wish I could send it back because I GOT PLAYED OUT OF $65.00 +Tax
R4YP2W8RKF9SC	1.0	ESTAFA NO LE COMPREN A ESTE VENDEDOR	2	3	no merece ni una estrella es una estafa quiero devolverlo y no me da la opción.... el equipo solo funciono una semana luego se queda congelado y se calienta demasiado y tampoco agarra carga... es horrible perdí mi dinero...
R2NZZ92K06BWP5	5.0	What a great tablet for toddlers	0	0	What a great tablet for toddlers. My grandson loves playing the games I downloaded for him....of course not realizing they are educational games...not just something to occupy him and fill time. Tablet seems very durable and the charge on the battery seems to last a good long time.
R1BGKEC2TUPIXF	1.0	This product is made cheap from China and would not waste your money on buying this	0	0	You get what you pay for. This product is made cheap from China and would not waste your money on buying this. Item did not turn on and all I got was a flickering screen. Returning item and would NOT recommend this to anyone!! It's lucky to even get a one star rating. Horrible tablet!!!
R341W6H75STXDB	3.0	Decent	0	0	This will be a good tablet for a Child! You don't want to go out and buy a supper expensive tablet just for it to get broken. This is a decent tablet for kids not too expensive and can get done what kids like to do! In exchange for my honest review I recieved a discount on this tablet!
RVU37Y45B6DEB	3.0	Charger	0	0	We have struggled with keeping it charged as well. Can you post a picture of the charger. We are not sure what it came with (too many cords in our house) and perhaps we need to use the original one for a full charge? I cannot find a picture of the cord anywhere. Can anyone post a pic?
R30LRHFP2BOFM4	5.0	My 2 year old loves it!	0	0	This was the perfect gift form my 2 year old. Instead of constantly taking MY tablet to watch Netflix and YouTube, she now has her own! It runs her games ok, Its not a powerhouse tablet, but that was to be expected. I have already bought two of these and would definitely but another.
R3OP4VH3KTC0D6	1.0	do not like	0	0	The tablet dies faster then listed. The chargers wont charge tablets any more and one keeps shutting down then delete everything my son down loads. Kicks him out of his school work and resets passwords on emails. Only does simple things. Plus the pictures is takes come out like crap.
RQFLAWQ4S3KJX	5.0	Simply Awesome!!!	0	0	This little Tablet is awesome. I highly recommend it. My son just loves it! It runs fast I was honestly surprised, because I have had tablets before (the more expensive ones) and they always seemed to lag, and freeze up. Not this one. Also the case is great! 5/5 in my book!
R10MM3WKY3CL5W	1.0	Tablet is junk. Don't waste your time	1	1	Tablet is junk. Don't waste your time
RXMBQT6N0ED0S	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It is everything I expected it to be.
R2HW2VH56P4208	4.0	nicely	1	1	exactly what I expected...nicely done
R37IX9X8NLVH69	1.0	PIECE OF JUNK!!	0	0	Bought for my son. Internet doesn't work half the time, freezes 24/7 and came with a virus already on it through Google, and because of the service being run off Google you cannot Uninstall the malware virus. Tried doing a factory reset and the virus was still found. Piece of JUNK!!
RPVB9G4FIOOHQ	1.0	I wouldn't do it again.	0	0	Do not buy this!! It is a crap shoot on if it will work or not. I bought three, two work great, one is frozen on the front screen and will do nothing! I can not find a customer support number anywhere!!!! I have a heart broken child who thinks that santa sent him a broken tablet!
R1RIUQX25VJ765	2.0	Price is good! Its strong	0	0	Price is good! Its strong! Fell down so many times still doesnt break! But super slow! My little one gets irritated because its very very slow! Battery gets over very soon! Its we get what we pay for! But i would suggest you to add extra bucks and get something else! Something good!
RYY1RB30NCJ0Z	1.0	Horrible do not buy	0	0	I bought three of these tablets 2 months after buying the charging port went out in one of the tables. Now 5 months later the whole system went out of one of the other tablet. Now after 170 dollars for 3 tablets i am down to one. Never will i buy this cheap horrible products again.
RJXG7YMR3NRD3	3.0	we bought two and the other one is great so far	0	0	It isnt working properly and will be returning it. Returning has been a problem because there was no option for replacement just refund. I had to order a new one. I was very surprised on the quality and options when we opened it up, we bought two and the other one is great so far.
R2I5NSMCNCWTEZ	4.0	The bumper around it is very nice and bright	0	0	I am impressed with how much more durable the orbo is comparred to the tablet that we have. The bumper around it is very nice and bright. My 7year old easily downlads games and is able to navigate with ease. The only downfall to the orbo is the inability to use headphones with it.
RIJHDO7OFJKU	4.0	Great but hard to recharge	0	0	The tablets are great, and they were really easy for the girls to figure out. The only issue I've had, is that you can't charge them with the silicone bumper around it. There is a hole in it where the charger port is on the tablet, but it is too small for the charger to fit into.
R2P55S1W5M1NM5	5.0	Perfect for our 5 year old grandson	0	0	Perfect for our 5 year old grandson! Of course we haven't used it yet because its a Christmas gift, But I have ordered two and I opened the first one I ordered and it is a regular tablet that you ad apps to. Just has a nice rubber outter covering to help protect it. Very nice.
R3D4URJZQPVBQY	3.0	dissappointed!	0	0	my son received this as a gift for his 5th Birthday in March. not even 5 months later it is no longer working. it will not charge and the screen is messed up. this tablet has issues with overheating and I will never buy/let anyone try to buy this for my kids again. very unhappy!
R2XY00MOJ2R84J	5.0	great purchase	0	0	I love the amount of apps this holds, and battery saving mode helps a lot. my daughter has tons of funs with this and yes, it has a kids youtube you can add on! i moved apps in a certain order my daughter likes and its very user friendly. could not ask for a better kids tablet!
R17CI88OHPXMUB	2.0	1 is still doing great 1 quit charging and the last one the screen ...	0	0	We bought 3 of these for our boys birthdays in May. 1 is still doing great 1 quit charging and the last one the screen cracked. Work great when working but hard to get charger into tablet with rubber bumper on it and screen cracked with about a foot drop with the bumper on it.
R39OXTI3QW60UK	5.0	I love this amazing tablet even if it is for kids	0	0	I love this amazing tablet even if it is for kids! Great quality, easy setup, works fast, loads apps easy and fits great in my purse! I love to play computer games, see the entire thread on a social media post, enter giveaways and join sites! I can't always do that on my phone!
RWU8KAFJWJBNO	4.0	Works well for me!	0	0	I'm kind of partial to Apple products as that's what I've used the most, but I've been pleased with this little tablet in the 10 months I've had it. Works as I would expect it to, doesn't crash a lot, and has enough memory for what I'm using it for. Would recommend to others.
R3LS7AZCMOUYEU	1.0	Total disappointment	0	0	I bought this for my son for Christmas by the 26th it freaked out and completely quit working it never fully charged anyway but it was so sad that my son's one day old Christmas present had turned to a paperweight. It's seems to be a common review that people are disappointed.
R1JDIOBK76P9AW	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	Battery doesn't keep charge for long
RI3JC7AU15CYM	4.0	She is not even two but I'm having a blast. she sees it for the first time tomorrow.	0	0	It seems like a great product . The charger did not work for this. My phone charger did but that leaves me one short. My granddaughter is too young for me to just turn it over to her. She is under 2. It will be lots of fun after I find some age appropriate apps.
R1PP3193KQJV6I	1.0	Disappointed	0	0	We didn't get chance to play on it my son opened it up Christmas Day and the screen was cracked and it wouldn't even hardly turn on and it kept freezing up once it was on. We sent it back to yall and wanted our money back and still haven't got our money back very disappointed
R3OCEYFA6253K9	1.0	Terrible tablet for the kids	0	0	Terrible tablet for the kids.Would not recommend to anybody to buy this product.It takes forever to download and is very slow system.I bought this for my 2 dauthers and not happy at all.If there was 0 rating would be below 0 for sure.Another think forgot.Battery dies so fast.
R3CA6YVCH57R1	4.0	tablet	0	0	Got this tablet for my 3 yr old for her up coming birthday the shipping is lighting fast the tablet is nice size the only problem I'm having is the charge because it's been on charge for 15 hrs n it still isn't fully charged need to contact the seller but can't figure out how
R39RL0CV55AU8R	2.0	Need help	0	0	I bought this as a gift for a little girl. She loved it but in about a week it stopped working. Her mother said that the box did not come with any warranty or paper work only the direction. I have been trying to find a way to get in touch with the company but don't know how!!
R365T65DSS1C6B	5.0	My 6 yr old Loves this tablet	0	0	My 6 year old love loves loves this tablet. It is perfect for younger kids. I love the bumper protective cover. Its really cute. She loves playing her games n streaming her TV shows on it. It is Android n easy to use and it is fast for a kids tablet. I got a great deal on this for reviewing it and am so happy that i did because my daughter is tickled pink with it.I would recommend 100%!
R29NYKERA4RWQD	4.0	Good for the price	0	0	This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review and I must say that so far this product was well worth the money. It is a bit on the heavier side but is ran by android and has all the android apps. Its easy to use and hopefully kids friendly.
R12NJ6Z6GXISRR	2.0	Its not a Nabi.	0	0	Let me be clear, you get what you pay for, I would not purchase it again, but not bad enough to return it , I have a daycare and I love teaching modern technology to the children that I serve. I ordered the nabi Jr. and if it passed my expectations , I will order two more.
R37D2R6NK5TQOX	3.0	Overall a OK tablet.	0	0	Updated It only lasted 4 months, screen broke from a small drop. We are getting her a Kindle Fire now, my brothers 3 youngest(ages 2,5,9) have them and they are extremely rough on them and are still in good shape. And they have a 2 year warranty on them. The cameras are poor quality but didn't expect the best $47. My two year old loves it. She had it figured out in about a half hour. I downloaded a parent control app called eddypaddy Kids World, it makes it so easy, she can not get into or do anything she shouldn't be doing.
R10SQPSWFGXYJM	3.0	The battery life sucks and she complains that it's too slow and ends ...	0	0	Got this for my 6 year old because she always wants my phone and tablet to do het activities and play games on. The battery life sucks and she complains that it's too slow and ends right back up on my devices. ...I am just going to have to breakdown and get her a real tablet
R28R9KD6RXFHAC	1.0	This tablet is a waste of money	0	0	This tablet is a waste of money. My son received it for his birthday in October and has not been able to fully use it. It is now December and the tablet is of no use. Have not been able to find a website for Orbo to get some assistance. No I have to buy a new tablet for him.
R26XB73IBLRTR7	5.0	I bought this for Christmas for my daughter. She ...	0	0	I bought this for Christmas for my daughter. She is unable to read on her own. There are a lot of programs in the app store. Many are free & others that are low priced. This is a fully working tablet with a protector bumper wrap around that comes off to install more memory.
