RJJ0QNRERH1JD	5.0	SURFACE PRO 3 A STUDENTS POINT OF VIEW	1866	1919	Microsoft seems to always advertise their Surface Pro products towards businesses, IT, artists, and engineers. They forget to mention the great benefit this Surface Pro 3 has for students! I'm going to give 6 reasons why the Surface 3 is great for students, such as myself. First, a quick about me. I am currently a biochemistry major in college and while taking 20 units last quarter, most days I would have to carry 5 notebooks, occasionally 1-2 textbooks, 1-2 lab notebooks, and my surface RT tablet. In short, my backpack was thick and heavy. Introduce, the Surface Pro 3, and the 6 reasons why it is absolutely great for students. 1) It can replace your notebooks for note taking. With the new surface pen and larger screen, taking notes is a breeze. Writing on it feels great, though a little slippery, but great nonetheless. Now, I have no need for my 5 notebooks or the many colored pens that I would carry. With Onenote, all my notes are organized and will stay that way. And since it backs up to the cloud, accessing it from anywhere is a great convenience. Having my notes for me to study at any time on my phone ensures I can always have my access to my notes. In short, it organized my school life and made my bag lighter and thinner. 2) It can replace your textbooks. Because of its 12 inch, high resolution, paper-like screen, reading e-book versions of textbooks, as well as PDF's, feels "normal" if that makes sense. The 1.76 pound SP3 greatly reduces the weight of my Physics, O-chem, and Biology textbooks in my backpack. Also, having textbooks on my surface means I’ll never have the scenario where I accidentally leave my textbook at my home/dorm/apartment. Another bonus, the ability to use the Surface Pen to mark up PDF's and textbooks allows for great in-text note taking and editing. 3) It can replace your tablet. Looking at the SP3 as just a tablet, there is one obvious drawback, the lack of the overall amount of apps in the Windows App Store when compared to that of iOS and Android. Note however that you can install desktop applications on the SP3. More on that later. Although the Windows Market is small, it has most of the general apps that people use on tablets (Facebook, Twitter, Netflix, Skype, etc.) For apps like Youtube and Instagram, you can find non-official apps that simulate the official one quite well. There are also a hand full of fun games you can find on the windows market. Many review say it's a ghost town, but it you look around you can find some pretty good apps. All this tablet talk is important to me as a student because there are times, of course, when I don't want to study or have free time. Simple apps can keep me occupied will during gaps between classes, or when I'm at home and want to play a quick game or use Netflix. 4) It can replace your laptop. This is Microsoft's main theme for this product. And in short, it can, given some compromises. It runs full Window's 8.1 Professional so most (if not all) of the desktop applications that can be run on Windows is compatible. This is great if you have specific programs you need to run, or just want to install popular programs like Spotify or Steam. This makes the whole "lack of apps" problem not as significant. Speaking of programs, I like to run Steam for playing games. The SP3 is not a gaming machine by any standard, but on low settings it can run games at a playable frame rate. I have the i5 processer, 8 gigs of RAM, 256 ssd version and it runs smoothly and quickly when running everyday tasks, much like a laptop. Also, the Type Cover Keyboard is greatly improved from the previous generations. If you are going to be typing for long periods of time, it may not be the best for you. But for everything else it works great. The second magnetic strip that attaches to the bezel provides great support. The touchpad is a little small, but once you get used to it that doesn’t become a problem. I suggest trying one out for yourself because everyone is different. Lastly, the new kickstand allows for many angles in which you can position the surface. Again, I suggest testing a surface for yourself. In the end, it’s not exactly like a laptop, but it can do all the things an Ultrabook can. 5) It can simulate a desktop. With a monitor/tv, and Bluetooth keyboard and mouse, this tablet can be connected to a screen and run a dual-screen interface. This is what I do and it makes a huge difference. A larger than 12 inch screen and full keyboard and mouse simulates a desktop feel. Being able to come back to my room and plug in my SP3, and just as easily disconnect the SP3 and leave, makes me ultra-portable and efficient. 6) All of this, and its 1.76 lbs and 0.36 inch thin. Even if you don’t like the SP3, its undeniable that it is a great piece of hardware. Students are always on the move and having a light device like this, that can replace a multitude of things in your backpack, is a real convenience. No more thick textbooks, no more having to carry multiple notebooks, and no more need to carry a laptop and tablet. Less weight, less thickness. From my experience, I can get anywhere from 6-10 hours of battery life. It really depends what you’re doing and what your settings are. The SP3 should be able last the whole day for most student class schedules. In closing, if you are a student and are looking for something for school, take a look at the SP3. Is it expensive, yes. But it is an incredibly versatile piece of technology that can help to simplify your life. I hope this review helped and thanks for reading! (P.S. Students get a 10% discount when you buy from a Microsoft Store or their online store! Take advantage!)
R2BOLT1I4PT3X	3.0	Awesome Hybrid Device, Just know what your looking to do with it.	1404	1465	I'm writing this review from the perspective of an Animation/VFX student. While deciding what portable device would be best for me during school, I read a ton of reviews of different laptops and tablets before I finally decided on the Surface Pro 3 i7 model. One of the problems I had with buying this device, was that either the reviews for it were less than stellar but for non product related issues, or I couldn't find a good review by someone who was looking to do what I wanted to do with it (Animation/VFX programs such as Maya and Creative cloud mainly). To start, let me say that if you think the price on this device is too high and would be better at a $400 price point like most other "high end" tablets, then look elsewhere because this Hybrid device is not for you. Of course cheaper is ALWAYS better on the wallet, but that does not mean its a better device. iPads and Galaxy Tabs a great devices, but neither of them can compete (currently) with what the Surface Pro 3 brings to the table. This is a full Windows laptop, in a tablet form factor. It can run practically anything your desktop pc can run with little to no sacrificing (except maybe in gaming...more on that later). Now onto my actual review. To say that I love this device is an understatement. It can run everything I need it to run. The screen is absolutely fantastic. It has a great build quality and is super thin (even considering whats packed inside this thing). I can see the fault with its weight, if your not expecting it. It is surely heavier than other tablets and could possibly be an issue for one handed operation but it isn't the end of the world. The main reason I bought this was to run the software I need for my schooling while away on business trips, and to also watch a movie or two on those long plane trips across the country. -SOFTWARE- Maya runs GREAT. Obviously you can't render on this too much, but I use it to model then bring it up on my desktop to do the rendering. It runs very smooth and fast. Much better than I expected it to run to be honest. The only issue I can see so far, is with the screen resolution so high, the text is very, very, VERY small on the screen. If your proficient enough in Maya, i'm sure the text won't be too much of an issue as you can just short cut everything and just remember where certain keys are. I am no expert, so I keep a cheat sheet close by. Also you can search the internet for ways to increase the text size in maya by editing config files which I find to be somewhat useful as well. I save all of my data on a high end USB 3.0 Flash Drive (Corsair GTX). That way I can move it from Surface Pro, to my Mac Pro with no issues. Photoshop runs great as well. The stylus that comes with this is made by N-trig and not Wacom, but seems to do the job fairly well. Adobe hasn't made a Surface friendly version yet (to my knowledge), but the full on version seems to be working just fine with the keyboard attachment. This is the same for After Effects. I don't use much of the other programs in CC. For any editing I us FCPX on my mac. I'm sure Premier would run ok on this for smaller projects. Office works great, no issue there. I also use Move Magic Screenwriter for any script writing I do, That runs great as well. I found since buying this that I tend to write more than I used to just for the fact I'm not tied to a table with my desktop. This would be true of any laptop, but just another plus. The screen being such a high resolution, Movies just pop off and look stunning. I have yet to find a file type that won't run on this. I can't really comment on the sound quality as I use head phones for 99% of my time with it. Gaming is a mixed bag but really shouldn't be the main reason you buy this. The version I got (i7 512SSD) has the HD5000 integrated gpu. It's ok for what it is but I really with is had either the new Nvidia gnu or at least the new intel Iris chipset. With either of these, I feel serious gaming could be a GIANT plus for this. Anyway, I tried a few different games on it just to see how hard I could push it. WoW runs pretty decent a medium settings in higher populated zones I would get maybe 20FPS, in lower zones I could get 30+. I'm not sure you'd want to do any serious end game stuff on this, but it may be possible. Wildstar ran about the same as Wow (to be expected), but the frame rate was a bit lower. By turning it down some, you can get the FPS at a reasonable level. Big First person shooters (COD, Titanfall, Battlefield etc...) are not really all that great. They can be played but the frames drop too low to be actually competitive. Simpler games like Child of light run really good. So if I love it, then why on 3 stars? Well I'll tell you. I like to start all my reviews at 5 stars, then take away or add as I see fit. The first thing is, yes this should be packed with the keyboard. Microsoft is aiming it at the laptop customer base, so it should behave like one...with a keyboard. Paying $2k then another $130 is crazy. I'm sure you can fine a solid bluetooth keyboard that would work just as good, but it won't act as a screen protector when folded. Another problem - What I like to do with any new copy of Windows is to get all the updates in line before adding anything else to the machine. This is no different. During the update process, I had the table overheat and shut down TWICE. I kind of expected heat would be an issue somewhere, but not during updates. This immediately put a sour taste in my mouth. After a few attempts, the updates went through and then a Firmware update came which installed just fine. After this firmware update, I have not overheated but also haven't had any new updates to install... And one more major concern is with the MicroSD slot. First it looks like an afterthought. Its sort of hidden on the back behind the kickstand. Some people may like the incognito slot, I for one don't. If using it in a tablet form and you want to change the memory card for whatever reason, you have to pop the kickstand just to get to the slot. But first, you have to be lucky you get one with a WORKING SLOT. My sd slot was deemed defective. It will not read any card I put in it (yes the cards work). With Microsoft on the phone, we went through multiple troubleshooting options before they gave up and said it was dead. Being under warranty, Microsoft said I could send it back and they would replace it no problem, roughly a 5-10 day turnaround (5 stars for Microsoft Customer service. I actually felt like they were trying to help me on the phone). However, they (and myself) thought the best solution would be to first contact the seller, TigerDirect and try to get an immediate replacement. This was about a week ago, and so far Tiger Direct (zero stars here) has not responded to my attempts to replace this. I work in the electronics field, I know devices can be shipped broken, but ignoring the customers is not the best way to go about it. This isn't a review of Customer service...Just be wary on who you buy it from. Due to me paying what I did, and the device have a broken slot, strange overheating issues and not being packed with the keyboard, I had to take away a couple stars. I would give it a 3.5 if I could, but I can't. It really is a great device for any student or working professional looking for something as powerful as a Laptop mixed with the portability of a tablet. Just know what your buying. If you want a tablet to play AngryBirds and surf the net a little, this is going to be overkill. If your trying to edit movies, while it may be possible, just know that rendering anything on this will most likely cause heating issues not to mention take 10x the time it would to just export it to an actual Desktop PC/Mac with more power. I'll continue to update and refine as I use it more. Thanks for reading, I hope you find something useful in my review.
RS91T27HLH8D6	4.0	Massive improvement over its predecessor. Amazing computer.	970	1017	Pros- 1. Big beautiful and responsive display. 2. Very fast and fluid. 3. Very thin and light design. 4. Much improved keyboard. 5. Kickstand is better than ever. Cons- 1. Only a single USB port. 2. Can get pretty hot with intense use. 3. Price. 4. The app store is still very limited. 5. Battery life is still not optimal for tablet use. Last year I purchased the Surface Pro 2 as soon as it came out and I was a big fan of it. I put up with some of the limitations it came with because I liked the portability and flexibility that it provided. I am happy to say that the Surface Pro 3 has improved on a lot of those limitations. It is an overall better experience. In this review I intend to give you an idea of what it feels to use the Surface Pro 3 and at the same time compare it with the Surface Pro 2 in case you are deciding to purchase that one. Pros- 1. As soon as you take a look at the new Surface Pro 3 the first thing you will notice is how much bigger it is in comparison to the Surface Pro 2. The display in the Surface Pro 3 has been increased to 12 inches and it makes a big difference in the user experience. Running the laptop in desktop mode is much more enjoyable now. The new 3:2 aspect ratio is much better optimized to use with the desktop applications for Windows. It makes for a more polished experience and comfortable experience. The Surface Pro 3 screen is also very responsive just like the Surface Pro 2 was. The resolution in the display was increased a little bit but I can't really notice much of a difference. Both of the displays have very nice color accuracy and look gorgeous. The only flaw I see in the display is that now all of the videos in Netflix, YouTube and media players have black bars on the top and bottom just like you see in modern TVs. The Surface Pro 2 did not have those borders. It is a real shame that the Surface Pro 3 is not taking advantage of the increased size of the display when it comes to videos. This appears to be because of the 3:2 ratio i mentioned before. 2. The experience on the Surface Pro 3 is very fast and fluid. It is much faster than any android tablet on the market or the Ipad for that matter. It is not a fair comparison though because the processor in the Surface Pro 3 is simply much faster than the one in the Ipad. The model I am using has a i5 processor that has been running wonderfully. Everything that I throw at it loads up in an instant. I have not experienced a single stutter in the last couple of weeks. I always have several applications running in the background such as Spotify and Utorrent. I also have a really bad habit of having 10-12 tabs opened in Google Chrome at all times. Not a problem with the Surface Pro 3. Honestly, it is not a problem for the Surface Pro 2 either. The boot times are pretty awesome too. You know how it takes your old computer a couple of minutes to boot up and have everything ready to use? If you buy a Surface Pro 3 your computer takes only about 15 seconds to have everything up and running and ready to use. The only thing I have not tested in this laptop has been gaming. I am fairly certain it can probably handle light games but will probably have a harder time handling heavy duty games since it doesn't have a dedicated graphic card. Maybe the i7 model can but I can't really say. 3. Another hardware improvement in the Surface Pro 3 over the Surface Pro 2 has been weight reduction and a much thinner design. The Surface Pro 2 looks like a fat brick compared to the new Surface Pro 3. The overall weight reduction is not dramatic but noticeable, especially when you are using it as a tablet. The Surface Pro 3 feels less dense than the previous model. It is still not as comfortable to use as an Ipad when you have it in tablet mode but it has definitely being improved. Browsing the web and reading the news in tablet mode is better than on the smaller Ipad. I had a hard time going back to my old Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 when I stopped using the Pro 3. It just feels small in comparison. If you were turned off by the aesthetic of the Surface Pro 2 then you will probably appreciate the improvements that the Surface Pro 3 brings to the table. 4. One of the weakest points that the Surface Pro 2 had last year was the keyboard. The Type Cover 2 from last year provided a nice typing experience but the trackpad was a complete disaster. It was very small and uncomfortable to use. There was no way around it. This year however the trackpad has received a big upgrade. The trackpad is much bigger and the left and right buttons are much more tactile. Every time I had to do a right click on the Surface Pro 2 I wanted to throw the laptop out the balcony. It was that bad. The Pro 3 doesn't have that problem. Besides the extra size in the display this has been the biggest and most satisfying improvement that the Surface Pro 3 brings. The keyboard also has a magnet that connects itself to the laptop that raises the keys. It is a nice addition that makes the typing experience more comfortable. 5. The kickstand in the Surface Pro 3 provides a lot of flexibility over previous versions. This is how it should have been from the beginning. I can use the computer as a laptop just about anywhere now. It definitely provides more comfort when you are trying to use on your lap or while sitting on the bed. The improvement in the kickstand has made me use the computer more as a laptop than a tablet. Cons- 1. One of the limitations that the Surface Pro 3 has is the lack of USB ports. I think it is ironic that Microsoft keeps advertising that the Surface Pro 3 as the tablet that can replace your laptop. Apparently they missed the memo that just about every laptop has at least two USB ports. This computer only has one. Sometimes I like to use a wireless mouse that comes with a USB receiver, that takes away the possibility of plugging in a USB flash drive or anything else. Microsoft opted to add a Mini DisplayPort that almost nobody is going to use as opposed to a second USB drive. This was one of my criticisms of the Surface Pro 2 and Microsoft still has not fixed it. It is really baffling. 2. The Surface Pro 3 is a pretty powerful computer that can handle some serious workload. Unfortunately one of the downsides is that it can get pretty hot with intensive use. This is not a problem when you are using it as a laptop with the kickstand because the heat is not placed in your lap but it can be irritating when being used as a tablet. The hot spot is located in the top right corner of the laptop when used in landscape mode. It becomes more manageable when used in portrait mode. You learn to adjust after a while. 3. The Surface Pro 3 is a very fast, very nice and very expensive laptop. The entry level price of the laptop starts at $799 dollars and that is without the keyboard included. The keyboard is going to cost you an extra $130 dollars. If you are a student don't forget there is a 10% discount on both the keyboard and the computer if you buy it directly from Windows. I am not sure if other retailers like Best Buy are offering a price match on that promotion. All of the accessories that Microsoft sells for the Surface Pro 3 are just as expensive. One word of CAUTION with the $799 model. It only comes with 64 GB of storage out of which only about half of is usable. But not only that, the updates that Microsoft releases monthly take a lot of storage over the life of the tablet. I made the mistake of purchasing the 64 GB model with the Pro 2 and it ended up being a mistake. After 6 months I only had about 11 GB left. The laptop comes with a MicroSD card slow where you can store movies and pictures but the Microsoft Updates have to be stored on the hard drive, there is no way around it. The $999 model comes with double the storage and a better processor. It is a better value for your money. 4. Another year has passed and Microsoft still has not managed to improve the App Store. It is still lacking. It is very inferior to the Google Play Store and the IOS App Store. The advantage the Surface Pro 3 has is you can install any Windows legacy program that you want. That includes the full Microsoft Office suite. The lack of quality apps on the Microsoft Store is going to be a turn off for those of you that plan to use this computer more as a tablet than a laptop. 5. The battery life in the Surface Pro 3 has been improved marginally over the Surface Pro 2. I would say it is about 15% better. I manage to get around 7 hours of use. That was while using it mostly for light things such as web browsing and listening to music. If you start streaming videos on Netflix and YouTube and crank up the brightness to 100% then it will last between 4-5 hours. That is average for modern ultrabook laptops but mediocre at best for tablets. I know the Ipad can easily handle 10 hours. In conclusion, the Surface Pro 3 features several improvements over its predecessor the Surface Pro 2. It has a gorgeous 12 inch display. Very fast processor and a much improved overall design. The body of the laptop is much thinner and lighter. The kickstand extends itself farther than in the past allowing for a more comfortable experience while using in the lap. The trackpad in the keyboard is bigger and more accurate than in the Surface Pro 2. There are some negatives like the lack of apps in the app store and only one USB port is available in the computer. Do I recommend this computer? I sure do. It is an excellent piece of hardware that is sure to please you whether you are doing work or play.
R2WWNRIIBDVI5R	5.0	Surface Pro 3 is the Future	694	745	I currently own Surface 2, MacBook PRO 15 inch, and an iPhone 5 so I am not bias to either side (replacing the MacBook Pro/S2 with the SP3). Choose the product that is best featured, not best brand - this drives competition and consumer quality. I am going to list PROs and CONs organized into significant and common. Significant PROs/CONs is a term for uniqueness or high-end / setback or low-end. Common is a term for similar features or specifications amongst its peers. Most comparisons are between the SP3 12" to MacBook Air 11.6" (2013) model (due to its public familiarity, size, and prestige). The MacBook Air 11.6" (2014) model improves with a slight faster CPU clock (0.1 GHz) and PCIe SSD almost making it the same MacBook Air - refer to TechnoBuffalo (2014) for technical specifications of the MacBook Air 11.6" 2014 model, thus it is safe to compare SP3 with the MacBook Air 2013 model. Everything will be cited (loosely APA format) for viewers to check credibility. Significant PROs: i. Resolution: 2160x1440 (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air 1366x768 (Apple, 6/19/2014) ii. Display Panel: 12" IPS (Engadget, 5/25/2014) - MacBook Air 11.6" TN (Anandtech, 6/24/2013) - IPS panel has better viewing angels as well as color saturation versus a TN panel. IPS panels are also more expensive. iii. Kickstand - Variable degrees, can also be open from both sides now! iv. Performance: Top performer in its PC category with PCMARK7 5,024 and 3DMARK06 5,053 (Engadget, 5/25/2014) v. SSD Speed: Top performer in its PC category with 555 MB/s read and 252 MB/s write (Engadget, 5/25/2014) - Note, MacBook Air (2014) read/write speeds are significantly higher compared to SP3 Flash memory with its PCIe interface (very expensive) averaging in the 700MB/s. vi. Camera: 5.0 megapixel 1080p front-and-rear facing (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air 720p front facing only (Apple, 6/19/2014) vii. Power Supply - The magnet for the Surface 2 took precision and accuracy to get it connected to charge. The SP3 slides in without any actual effort. Microsoft also hinted that it is also possibly a thunderbolt type connection (able to transmit data). Another cool thing that pertains to travelers especially is the brick on the power supply contains a USB 2.0 port so you can charge your phones (possibly transmit data?) while charging the SP3 - I say to them, "GENIUS!" viii. Graphics: Intel HD 4400 (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air (2013/2014) Intel HD 5000 (Apple, 6/19/2014) - Cinebench OpenGL: SP3 had 20.55 FPS (HotHardware, 2014) versus MacBook Air (2014) 18.28 FPS (LaptopMag, 2014) - Higher is better. Common PROs: i. Physical Size WxDxH: 11.5"x7.93"x0.55"[0.36" + 0.19" Type Cover] (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air 11.8"x7.56"x0.68" (Apple, 6/19/2014) ii. Physical Weight: 2.42 lbs [Type Cover included] (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air 2.38 lbs (Apple, 6/19/2014) iii. Network: 802.11ac - For more information regarding 802.11ac, refer to TrustedReviews (2013). (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air 802.11ac (Apple, 6/24/2013) - Side note, both run Bluetooth 4.0 a. Many ask, why this isn't LTE? Cheaper alternative is to turn on your hotspot on your phone. Don't have LTE on your phone? Then why are you asking for LTE on this if you don't even plan on getting it. Adding more data to the plan is cheaper than adding another service line. iv. Intel 4th generation (Haswell) v. Pen - pressure sensitivity downgraded from 1,024 degrees to 256 degrees, but when tested, user never actuates the full 256 degrees, refer to PennyArcade (2014) for more details. The Pen made improvements over its predecessors, but lag is what is holding it back. (PennyArcade, 6/13/2014) vi. App Market - Microsoft Market is still small in comparison to Android and iTunes, but you know what is amazing about a real 64-bit computer? The ability to install any programs you want and one of those programs is called the Android Market. You can download and install Android onto your SP3 and take advantage of the full ecosystem of the Android market while having a 64-bit operating system. [...] by Sean Ong vii. Battery Life: SP3 real 7 hours and 8 minutes (Engadget, 2014), theoretical 9 hours web browsing (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air theoretical 9 hours web browsing (Apple, 6/19/2014) viii. Type Cover - In my personal view, I view this as a PRO due to its innovation, but the overwhelming public believes this should be a CON because it should be included or much cheaper. Take this into consideration before coming to conclusion. The Type Cover is a mechanical keyboard that is backlit, portable, and also a cover. You want Microsoft to have it included with the SP3? Downgrade the resolution, the display panel, the camera while removing the rear facing, remove the kickstand, make it a little fatter, and remove the pen feature so it is now on the same level as a MacBook Air - sure we will add a Type Cover for free. :/ ix. Metal encasing x. Ports: microSD, headphone jack, and mini display port Significant CONs: i. USB 3.0: 1 (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air 2 (Apple, 6/19/2014) Common CONs: *Keep in mind, Apple has discounted $100 on the 2013 models to clear out for the 2014. Essentially, the 2014 model may actually be the same price and specifications as the SP3. i. SSD Storage: i5 128GB, 4GB RAM cost $999 / i5 256GB, 8GB RAM cost $1,299 (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air i5 128GB, 4GB RAM cost $899 / MacBook Air i5 256GB, 8GB RAM cost $1,199 (Apple, 6/19/2014) a. Another cool thing about SP is the ability to add microSD cards increasing storage. ii. RAM: i5 128GB model contains 4GB DDR3 1600 cost $999 (Microsoft, 6/19/2014) - MacBook Air i5 128GB model [configured] contains 8GB DDR3 1600 cost $999 (Apple, 6/19/2014). a. Those that want the SP3 8GB model must purchase the 256GB or 512GB storage SSDs. In my opinion, 4GB is sufficient for EVERYTHING besides a few things. 8GB model is only necessary if Photoshop or any other graphic intensive program is used [Facebook, Android, or any APP games do not count] (Due to the nature of the integrated graphics sharing memory with the RAM, increasing the memory will increase performance). Nor PRO/CON i. Audio - unable to judge fairly - I do not own a MacBook Air 11.6" model. SP3 sound is a large improvement over its predecessors though - they are now Dolby Audio stereo front facing. ii. Windows 8.1 - Many users don't want to adopt the new OS and is the main reason why they don't upgrade. Windows 8.1 can actually be transformed into a Windows 7 with a start menu app and setting desktop view as default. Why not just keep Windows 7? Windows 8.1 is optimized by the latest generation of Intel and SSDs (Perfect example is found in section viii under Significant PRO, where SP3 Intel HD 4400 out performs MacBook Air's Intel HD 5000). Performance gain is huge in comparison to Windows 7. One defined example is Battlefield 4 where users found an FPS increase up to 50-100 FPS. Boot times shortened up to 15 seconds on SSDs! If you are a performance hog, Windows 8.1 is a must. Overall - Much of the downfall of the SP3 that many reviewers say is in actuality, are on par or better than the MacBook Air 11.6" (2013/2014). Bias tech reviews purposely mislead readers that the SP3 battery life is terrible in comparison to the MacBook Air 13.3" (2013) model since it can pull real 12 hours and 51 minutes of life, but most don't question that the 13.3" model is larger, heavier, and has more space to fit a larger battery. Microsoft also does this at its presentation stating the SP3 and Type Cover is lighter than the MacBook Air 13.3" model, but hides the fact that it is slightly heavier (0.04 lbs) than the 11.6" model. You will notice many Apple Bias tech reviewers such as Engadget, Gizmodo especially, and TechRadar purposely mislead the consumer downgrading a product that in actuality is a fantastic product. I solely believe SP is the future of computing and All-In-One, but it's up to the consumer to buy products by features and not by brand or an Apple logo. Consumers need to think more critically when reading tech reviews. Laptops cannot get any thinner in the near future than the SP3 without the keyboard (or else you will soon be sacrificing the USB port). The physical size and weight is at its peak. The future is about performance, display, and battery life. I rather let the engineers and developers of the SP3 finish my review of the SP3. I said to them "listen, I am an edge case. I don't use this machine the way most of your users will use it. I understand this thing isn't going to do everything for everyone." Their answer was basically "why not?" -Gabe (PennyArcade, 6/13/2014) I rarely do reviews, but give credit where credit is due. SP3 is a work of art. Please comment if there is anything else I should add that I missed or didn't explain well enough. References AnandTech - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] Apple - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] HotHardware - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] LaptopMag - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] Microsoft - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] PennyArcade - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] TechnoBuffalo - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] TrustedReviews - Retrieved 6/19/2014. [...] ----------<UPDATE>---------- Type cover Issue -When the keyboard is in its upward/slanted position. Icons on the toolbar and taskbar becomes very difficult to press, requiring the pen to press or having the keyboard laying flat. USB 2.0 -USB 2.0 on the charger does not connect to the SP3, it only serves as a charging port. Sound -The sound is astonishingly brilliant. It will surprise many customers at the depth it can produce between the two small slits. Pen -for the unlucky ones, you may have to purchase a micro screwdriver (size #00) to change the 319 batteries if the button fails to work. Battery Life -The battery life will surprise many people as well. The battery life was underestimated by Microsoft (suppose low expectations?). I didn't officially time it, but during my 5 hour lecture, I had ~55% remaining with the brightness at 75. I can easily go for a 9-10 hour note taking/web surfing (5 hour lecture leads me to boredom). Misc. -Scrolling anything upwards (flicking the page up), it lags using Adobe Reader XI, and I don't really understand why. The reader that came preinstalled works perfectly fine. -Headphone jack is in an awkward position, it is a hanging wire when in use. -The Pen holder that comes with the type cover will get snagged several times in use, so be careful. I ultimately stopped using it and placed the pen in the bag. -clear type needs to be adjusted. OneNote 2013 Pen Feature The unlucky few (including me). It took me a several hours from researching SP forums, Windows forums, Microsoft technical support. I manage to figure it out on my own. Having the Pen open OneNote 2013 instead of OneNote Modern. If you have it installed, check under options>advanced section [default OnteNote Application] is there; it is below section [Pen] and above [Email sent from OneNote]. If its not there, go to Account and section [Office Update] right above [About OneNote]. If that is not there, run Windows Update and repeat previous steps. If failed, go to OneNote website (Free), and the button [Free Download] is the 32-bit OneNote (download if you installed 32-bit), if you installed 64-bit, at the bottom of the page there is a link [Other download options] for the 64-bit. Download and install (there is no need to uninstall previous OneNote). Go to options>advanced and under [Default OneNote Application], check 'Make OneNote 2013 (desktop) the default.' Close, and restart the system. When opening OneNote 2013 for the first time, it will go through 2 steps asking which default OneNote program you want to use, select OneNote (desktop) and then select the two button pen (unless you are using a different pen than the one provided). Finished! Update 9/10/14 -Multiple software related to SP3 and not Windows 8.1 - cross tested with desktop Windows 8.1 PRO and SP3 Windows 8.1 PRO - issue still persist though expected since its still young. Microsoft can only control software by their development and not others. -WiFi fixed is confirmed on other models sold after the of i5 models (my friend recently bought i3 model and updated firmware is now stable) -Text is still blurry in several applications and some software. Cleartype does not fix the situation (This is my only major flaw I've had so far)
R2Z85EYV2UE12B	5.0	The Surface Pro 3 is Amazing	574	624	In this video I show off my favorite uses for the Surface Pro 3. This tablet is absolutely amazing in what it can do, and I'd say this is hands-down the BEST tablet and computer that money can buy. Do check out my other Surface Pro 3 videos on YouTube to learn more about this device! Enjoy. this video. Quick pros and cons from my time with the Surface Pro 3: Pros: 1. It's REALLY slim and portable. 2. I LOVE the larger screen size. So roomy, yet doesn't feel too big or bulky. 3. The battery life is amazing. I've not counted the hours - but I use it as I would any other tablet and I've never noticed my battery die on me. Cons: 1. My Surface Pro 3 does go into a "deep sleep" mode (hibernate, perhaps?) when not in use overnight or for a while. When this happens, it takes a few seconds to start up vs the instant on when it just goes to sleep. I'd expect a true tablet replacement to have instant on/off capabilities. 2. The beautify of the Surface Pro 3 is that it can run heavy duty software. But if doing anything that's processor heavy, the top right corner of the Surface does get hot to the touch. I've noticed this especially when playing graphics intensive games.
R1JS8XBZE8S8Z8	4.0	Surface Pro 3 is a perfect technology for anyone who wants a tablet/ultra book hybrid.	161	176	What a beautiful piece of technology. I was skeptical about MS Pro products but when I saw this thing at the local MS Store, I immediately fell in love with it. Since I am going to school in less than two months, I was already thinking about getting something that is both portable and yet versatile enough to watch videos and play some games when I am not suffering in school. I never had a surface pro 2 but I took sometime comparing the two at the store and I have to say the third generation looks a lot better. The upgraded screen looks fantastic and much more detailed than the previous generation. Although you have to pay almost $130 more in addition to the pro 3 for the keyboard, it is almost a must-buy because the keyboard is really the reason why surface pro 3 is such a great product. A lot of reviewers online complained about how the keyboard still does not provide the best typing experience, however, I feel like it is more than adequate. The touchpad though, as many people pointed out, feels shallow but it is hard to complain when there is only that much space to work with. As I am typing this review right now on the new surface pro 3, I don't really think I am typing on a mobile keyboard. Surface pro 3 comes with a Micro SD extension slot so you can expand the storage as you wish. The USB slot is a life saver and something tablets like iPad air (which I own) desperately needs. A relatively fluent Windows 8 user, I find the OS much more intuitive running on a touch screen. Give it a run I am sure most fluent Windows 7 or even XP user would have little issue with it. The new pen is a very nice touch. Writing notes now is much easier. I spent fifteen minutes to set this little thing up and used it immediately in a meeting this afternoon and I had a pretty pleasant time with it. Overall, through a day of usage, this little thing has already made me very very happy. To those who are thinking about getting a ultra book or a tablet for school, give Surface Pro 3 a try. I really think it is a very nice companion for students and business people who want more functionality than tablets without the extra weights of laptops or even ultra books. P.S. Students and Teachers get 10% off. People at the store didn't even confirm me as a student so maybe you can get it also without actually being a student or teacher. GOOD LUCK! Update 1......................................................................................................................................................................................... I have been streaming World Cup on this little thing and can I just say it is getting crazy in Brazil!? While I was talking with my friends, I have noticed a lot of the geeky ones still think this is a VERY expensive investment for ANYONE. $1,200 is a lot of money to pay for anything for a college student. It is true but what you are getting in return is a FULL computer that can also be a tablet. You might be able to get similarly spec'ed PC somewhere else for $700 but you probably won't be able to get something that is this portable and versatile. If you are replacing a very old laptop, this, IMO, isn't a very expensive choice. But if you have surface pro 2 or anything that is similar, this is probably a pretty expensive upgrade. Make sure you evaluate you situation fully so you can make the most appropriate decision. P.S. I was so excited and just wanted to share my happiness with everyone. WANT TO RUN ANDROID OS ON YOUR SURFACE? Go to [...]. You will be able to take advantage of a massive number of android apps from Google Play Store. I thought this single emulator just made Surface that much more versatile. GOOD LUCK! Update 2.....March 3rd, 2015.......................................................................................................... It's been a while since I got my Surface 3 and I can say that I can't live without my Surface. I am a grad student and laptop is absolutely essential. I use it for notes, books, research, essays, EXAMS, and many other things. Even though I can't live without it, this particular generation does come with several annoying problems: 1. Battery is just not that good. Unless you dim your screen, the surface will last about 3 or 4 hours before it has to be charged. It might last longer if you don't have keyboard and mice attached. Watching movies and listening to music drain the battery even faster, although the screen is excellent in terms of picture quality. 2. The upper right rear part of the surface runs extremely hot when using application such as Netflix or the new Slingtv app. (These applications aren't even that demanding). This will not happen if I am writing an essay or creating a powerpoint. My writing session can last more than 7 hours straight sometimes and surface does not get very hot in this case. 3. The fan is pretty loud when surface gets hot. Holy, when I am trying to read, I usually put on NBA games (GO ROCKETS) in the background. As previously mentioned, this thing gets pretty hot while streaming NBA games and then the fan goes crazy. This happened once while I was doing my exam (probably because of the exam software) and it bothered me and a lot of people who sat right next to me. This only happened once though out of the 4 exams I took. 4. Keyboard failed once but I got a replacement without any problem. I am glad I can trust Microsoft. I have always been a PC and if they give me post-purchase problems I would have been pretty dismayed and saddened. 5. Windows 8. I don't hate Windows 8 but I can't say I like it either. Metro (or whatever they are called now) is simply not very intuitive and ...... weird. I think Microsoft made a great decision in making the Windows 10 a free upgrade. Hopefully it gives Surface line up its much needed software boost. Overall, I still would have bought my Surface Pro 3. The reasons why I love Surface make all the problems seem minor.I think I've had enough time with my Surface and this is really the final verdict. For any grad student out there trying to decide what to get, Surface at least should be given a serious consideration.
RFYK8FD3DTT0U	5.0	Impressed - Nice Work Microsoft	106	117	I wasn't highly impressed with the Surface and the Pro 2 was only marginally better. I was at a major chain yesterday and they had just put out a 3 as a demo. My old Gateway laptop with the 20 minute battery life was destined for the trash heap, but I was only half looking for a replacement. Wow. I've only been using it for a day and a half and I'm seriously impressed. It didn't take long testing it at the store before I was sold. (Sorry Amazon, I couldn't wait, even with Prime.) I haven't been this happy with tech since I bought my first iPad. Had Microsoft made hardware of this quality ten years ago, Apple wouldn't have taken off. The keyboard is amazing. The backlighting makes it perfect for use in a dark room and it's one of the most comfortable I've ever used on a portable device. I've used it for hours at a time, but have never run the battery below 70%. It's great to have battery life as something I don't have to think about. The screen is sharp and everything responds without a lag and I'm running the i5. The versions with the i7 have to absolutely scream, but I don't think it would be noticeable based on the performance I'm getting. Does Excel really need to be faster? Videos also run beautifully. The mouse pad isn't bad, but I've never been a fan of them. Touchscreen takes away much of that pain, but my Bluetooth mouse will be here Monday. The kickstand on the back is set perfectly. Plus, the way the keyboard folds up so it's set on an angle is genius. The flat keyboard was always an irritant for me with laptops. I'm still getting used to Windows 8.1, but flipping back and forth to classic is a simple push of a button. No problem. I have noticed a rare, small hot spot on the top right of the unit, but I hear what I believe is a fan kicking on when that happens. It wasn't hot enough to cause discomfort, but it was noticeable.
R49VS5W432LG5	5.0	Amazing machine for business users	56	60	I've been using this heavily ever since I bought it. It has been absolutely flawless. I take it with me to meetings that can last hours and run multiple complex excel spreadsheets on it while running off of battery power, while simultaneously taking notes in Word. I view this thing less as a tablet and more as an extremely powerful but light and ultra-compact laptop. I find programs work faster and smoother on here than even on my custom-built i5 desktop with 16 gb of RAM. And 512 gb of on-device storage gives me enough room to really work (though I prefer cloud storage to local disc storage of my data). Still the tablet features are ever present. Bootup takes only seconds. The touchscreen is responsive and intuitive, encouraging a combination of typing on the keyboard and selecting things with your finger, increasing productivity. It is incredibly light and small, making it a pleasure to tote around. The looks are impressive. I don't personally tend to care much about design or sleekness (unlike Apple fans). But when I take this thing out of my bag and open it up, I can't help but notice it makes an immediate impression on clients and negotiators on the other side of the table. It seems to give me instant credibility. The Surface seems to embody the full realization of the vision behind Windows 8.1. In the "classic" Windows desktop mode (which seems identical to Windows 7 for all intents and purposes), I love being able to split the screen to keep two apps open side by side, snapping apps/windows to the left/right/maximized just by flicking them to the left or right or up, etc. with my finger. For entertainment, I touch the windows button and switch to the metro/tablet mode of Windows 8.1, where I touch apps to watch Netflix/Youtube/etc. . I'm finding I like Win 8.1 more and more, despite what the critics have said. I think the Surface has a lot to do with that. I haven't used the pen much yet. I'm not much of an artist and don't use the Surface for that. I generally prefer to take notes by typing rather than using handwriting. But based on the few times I have used the pen, I have noticed it is fast and responsive. After using the SP3, I can't really imagine going back to a laptop. Ever since I got the SP3, my two Lenovo laptops have been gathering dust. I have heard people complain that gaming performance is worse even than the Surface Pro 2 because the Surface Pro 3 is designed to aggressively throttle back CPU clock speed whenever the temperature starts to rise. Maybe this is also an issue for people who need to do video editing and production on the SP3. I don't use the Surface for gaming or video editing, nor do I plan to. But as far as non-gaming performance goes, I have never noticed any slowdowns. For business and everyday purposes, this shouldn't be an issue at all.
R6K8UQN4CUES6	4.0	A very good improvement over its predecessor. Amazing computer.	104	116	Pros- 1. Big beautiful and responsive display. 2. Very fast and fluid. 3. Very thin and light design. 4. Much improved keyboard. 5. Kickstand is better than ever. Cons- 1. Only a single USB port. 2. Can get pretty hot with intense use. 3. Price. 4. The app store is still very limited. 5. Battery life is still not optimal for tablet use. Last year I purchased the Surface Pro 2 as soon as it came out and I was a big fan of it. I put up with some of the limitations it came with because I liked the portability and flexibility that it provided. I am happy to say that the Surface Pro 3 has improved on a lot of those limitations. It is an overall better experience. In this review I intend to give you an idea of what it feels to use the Surface Pro 3 and at the same time compare it with the Surface Pro 2 in case you are deciding to purchase that one. Pros- 1. As soon as you take a look at the new Surface Pro 3 the first thing you will notice is how much bigger it is in comparison to the Surface Pro 2. The display in the Surface Pro 3 has been increased to 12 inches and it makes a big difference in the user experience. Running the laptop in desktop mode is much more enjoyable now. The new 3:2 aspect ratio is much better optimized to use with the desktop applications for Windows. It makes for a more polished experience and comfortable experience. The Surface Pro 3 screen is also very responsive just like the Surface Pro 2 was. The resolution in the display was increased a little bit but I can't really notice much of a difference. Both of the displays have very nice color accuracy and look gorgeous. The only flaw I see in the display is that now all of the videos in Netflix, YouTube and media players have black bars on the top and bottom just like you see in modern TVs. The Surface Pro 2 did not have those borders. It is a real shame that the Surface Pro 3 is not taking advantage of the increased size of the display when it comes to videos. This appears to be because of the 3:2 ratio i mentioned before. 2. The experience on the Surface Pro 3 is very fast and fluid. It is much faster than any android tablet on the market or the Ipad for that matter. It is not a fair comparison though because the processor in the Surface Pro 3 is simply much faster than the one in the Ipad. The model I am using has a i5 processor that has been running wonderfully. Everything that I throw at it loads up in an instant. I have not experienced a single stutter in the last couple of weeks. I always have several applications running in the background such as Spotify and Utorrent. I also have a really bad habit of having 10-12 tabs opened in Google Chrome at all times. Not a problem with the Surface Pro 3. Honestly, it is not a problem for the Surface Pro 2 either. The boot times are pretty awesome too. You know how it takes your old computer a couple of minutes to boot up and have everything ready to use? If you buy a Surface Pro 3 your computer takes only about 15 seconds to have everything up and running and ready to use. The only thing I have not tested in this laptop has been gaming. I am fairly certain it can probably handle light games but will probably have a harder time handling heavy duty games since it doesn't have a dedicated graphic card. Maybe the i7 model can but I can't really say. 3. Another hardware improvement in the Surface Pro 3 over the Surface Pro 2 has been weight reduction and a much thinner design. The Surface Pro 2 looks like a fat brick compared to the new Surface Pro 3. The overall weight reduction is not dramatic but noticeable, especially when you are using it as a tablet. The Surface Pro 3 feels less dense than the previous model. It is still not as comfortable to use as an Ipad when you have it in tablet mode but it has definitely being improved. Browsing the web and reading the news in tablet mode is better than on the smaller Ipad. I had a hard time going back to my old Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 when I stopped using the Pro 3. It just feels small in comparison. If you were turned off by the aesthetic of the Surface Pro 2 then you will probably appreciate the improvements that the Surface Pro 3 brings to the table. 4. One of the weakest points that the Surface Pro 2 had last year was the keyboard. The Type Cover 2 from last year provided a nice typing experience but the trackpad was a complete disaster. It was very small and uncomfortable to use. There was no way around it. This year however the trackpad has received a big upgrade. The trackpad is much bigger and the left and right buttons are much more tactile. Every time I had to do a right click on the Surface Pro 2 I wanted to throw the laptop out the balcony. It was that bad. The Pro 3 doesn't have that problem. Besides the extra size in the display this has been the biggest and most satisfying improvement that the Surface Pro 3 brings. The keyboard also has a magnet that connects itself to the laptop that raises the keys. It is a nice addition that makes the typing experience more comfortable. 5. The kickstand in the Surface Pro 3 provides a lot of flexibility over previous versions. This is how it should have been from the beginning. I can use the computer as a laptop just about anywhere now. It definitely provides more comfort when you are trying to use on your lap or while sitting on the bed. The improvement in the kickstand has made me use the computer more as a laptop than a tablet. Cons- 1. One of the limitations that the Surface Pro 3 has is the lack of USB ports. I think it is ironic that Microsoft keeps advertising that the Surface Pro 3 as the tablet that can replace your laptop. Apparently they missed the memo that just about every laptop has at least two USB ports. This computer only has one. Sometimes I like to use a wireless mouse that comes with a USB receiver, that takes away the possibility of plugging in a USB flash drive or anything else. Microsoft opted to add a Mini DisplayPort that almost nobody is going to use as opposed to a second USB drive. This was one of my criticisms of the Surface Pro 2 and Microsoft still has not fixed it. It is really baffling. 2. The Surface Pro 3 is a pretty powerful computer that can handle some serious workload. Unfortunately one of the downsides is that it can get pretty hot with intensive use. This is not a problem when you are using it as a laptop with the kickstand because the heat is not placed in your lap but it can be irritating when being used as a tablet. The hot spot is located in the top right corner of the laptop when used in landscape mode. It becomes more manageable when used in portrait mode. You learn to adjust after a while. 3. The Surface Pro 3 is a very fast, very nice and very expensive laptop. The entry level price of the laptop starts at $799 dollars and that is without the keyboard included. The keyboard is going to cost you an extra $130 dollars. If you are a student don't forget there is a 10% discount on both the keyboard and the computer if you buy it directly from Windows. I am not sure if other retailers like Best Buy are offering a price match on that promotion. All of the accessories that Microsoft sells for the Surface Pro 3 are just as expensive. One word of CAUTION with the $799 model. It only comes with 64 GB of storage out of which only about half of is usable. But not only that, the updates that Microsoft releases monthly take a lot of storage over the life of the tablet. I made the mistake of purchasing the 64 GB model with the Pro 2 and it ended up being a mistake. After 6 months I only had about 11 GB left. The laptop comes with a MicroSD card slow where you can store movies and pictures but the Microsoft Updates have to be stored on the hard drive, there is no way around it. The $999 model comes with double the storage and a better processor. It is a better value for your money. 4. Another year has passed and Microsoft still has not managed to improve the App Store. It is still lacking. It is very inferior to the Google Play Store and the IOS App Store. The advantage the Surface Pro 3 has is you can install any Windows legacy program that you want. That includes the full Microsoft Office suite. The lack of quality apps on the Microsoft Store is going to be a turn off for those of you that plan to use this computer more as a tablet than a laptop. 5. The battery life in the Surface Pro 3 has been improved marginally over the Surface Pro 2. I would say it is about 15% better. I manage to get around 7 hours of use. That was while using it mostly for light things such as web browsing and listening to music. If you start streaming videos on Netflix and YouTube and crank up the brightness to 100% then it will last between 4-5 hours. That is average for modern ultrabook laptops but mediocre at best for tablets. I know the Ipad can easily handle 10 hours. In conclusion, the Surface Pro 3 features several improvements over its predecessor the Surface Pro 2. It has a gorgeous 12 inch display. Very fast processor and a much improved overall design. The body of the laptop is much thinner and lighter. The kickstand extends itself farther than in the past allowing for a more comfortable experience while using in the lap. The trackpad in the keyboard is bigger and more accurate than in the Surface Pro 2. There are some negatives like the lack of apps in the app store and only one USB port is available in the computer. Do I recommend this computer? I sure do. It is an excellent piece of hardware that is sure to please you whether you are doing work or play.
RTMQ41UGBMGN9	5.0	My experience replacing my laptop / tablet with a Surface Pro 3	27	27	I've always been intrigued by the concept of a hybrid device. Ever since the announcement of the original Surface Pro, the gadget geek in me salivated at the idea of having a single device that could capably perform both tablet and laptop duties. I have been heavily tempted to dive in and buy many such devices over the last couple of years, including various versions of the Asus Transformer line, the Lenovo Yoga Pros, and of course, the original Surface Pro and Pro 2. Ultimately though, there was always something (or many things) holding me back. For me, pretty much every hybrid device I considered has had one or more compromises that were deal-breakers for me - poor battery life, lack of processing power, too thick, display too small or low resolution, cheap build quality / aesthetics, or some questionable form factor issues. I suspect that many of you out there who are similarly interested in a hybrid but have not yet made a purchase have had similar thoughts. When the Surface Pro 3 was announced, in my opinion, it seemed like all of those concerns had been addressed. Fully adjustable kickstand, thin, manageable weight, respectable battery life, great display, real power - I knew shortly after reading the reviews that this was indeed going to be my first hybrid device. Like many, for the last few years my gadget inventory comprised of a smartphone, tablet and a laptop. Of course, the phone is pretty much non-negotiable, but prior to the SP3, I ran around with an iPad 3rd Gen and a Vaio Z128GG. I wanted to share my experience as someone who's replaced their tablet and laptop with a Surface Pro 3 for those of you who are wondering if they could do the same. For some context, I work in IT and would fall into the "power user" category. I use my laptop for things like remote desktop, server / infrastructure administration, functionality testing, document creation, photo editing, browsing, and of course emails. I also used it regularly for viewing / streaming media, and while on trips, occasionally used it for some lightweight gaming. I used my iPad for many of the same things, though perhaps in different proportions. It's primary uses were browsing, emails, media duties, and casual gaming, but it was also partnered with a Bluetooth keyboard case and on many, many occasions, usually when my laptop had run out of juice, it stepped up to perform some reasonably serious work too. The SP3 would need to do all of this for me, and hopefully do it as well as the two devices it was replacing, or better. With the background out of the way, here's my take on how the SP3 is. I own the i7 256GB model. - As a laptop (with a Type Cover of course): Wonderful. It does everything mentioned above so very well, and against my old laptop, it does it faster, while looking better, and lasting longer. I loved my Vaio's keyboard and was worried that the type cover was going to irk me in some way, but to be honest I'm just as fast typing on this thing as I am on any other keyboard I've used regularly. In terms of portability, I think it's an absolute winner. I carry it around tucked underarm like a folio, bare or in a slipcase if I'm going outdoors. So light! Using it on a desk is much the same as a conventional laptop, so I have no complaints. Using it on my lap, there is some slight mental adjustment necessary, but again, in my opinion, it works very, very well. I quickly became accustomed to adjusting the kickstand (vs standard clamshell mechanics) and have found that I can use it in all the same varied positions I used my laptop, with the added bonus of no longer ever feeling any device heat on my legs. I use a 3-port USB 3.0 hub with built-in Ethernet port when I need to hook up to multiple devices or to a wired network, but most of the time, the single USB 3.0 port does just fine. - As a tablet: For the most part, great. Once you've learned to make use of the touch gestures, you can get around as fast on this thing as on any other touch device, and of course the raw power means you're rarely, if ever, left waiting for the OS / UI to catch up. We all had to do at least some learning / retraining in order to make the best use of iOS and Android devices - the same is true here. For most use cases, I prefer tablets in portrait mode, but for the SP3 this preference is much more heavily emphasized. For short periods, I find it manageable to hold with one hand in portrait, or rest it on my forearm like a clipboard. For longer usage, I find it best to rest its base on my lap or torso. For extended media viewing, the kickstand really shines. I'm just surprised a kickstand of some sort isn't built into more tablets, but kudos to Microsoft for really nailing its execution with this fully adjustable version. The hinge feels solid and well engineered. As a guy with average sized hands, I find it perfectly serviceable as a tablet. I'm not really bothered by the weight, but the 12" size does mean you have to put more consideration into how you wield it than you would with a 7-10" tablet. For most touch-based tablet usage, other than email and browsing (which are well served by the inbuilt mail client and IE11) you will want to use a touch-optimised app from the App Store. I have found that most things I would like my tablet to do are catered for. Newsreaders, eBooks / eMagazines, media streaming, Netflix, Youtube - all have good options available. The forward-facing stereo speakers are of good quality for a portable device, achieving more than sufficient volume without distorting. I'm sure there are louder speakers out there, but since the SP3's fire directly at you, I find dialogue in videos easy to pick up, even with some light background noise. If your head is positioned front and center, left /right stereo effects are also readily identifiable, which is nice for some games. Of course, their small size means real bass is off the cards, but the headphone jack works just fine, as does pairing it with a Bluetooth speaker, both options which I use regularly with no issue. - Thoughts on the pen: I use it occasionally, most often as an aid to precise navigation, or when I've just cleaned my screen and don't want to gunk it up too quickly with fingerprints. I've also tried using it for text input, and though my handwriting isn't the best, I think it does a good job of recognizing what I'm trying to input - certainly much better than my current and previous Galaxy Note devices. That said, it's still slower and error-prone for me than using the on-screen keyboard, and obviously incomparably slower than touch typing on the keyboard. Summoning OneNote instantly with the top mounted button comes in handy when you quickly need to scribble something down. I've occasionally used OneNote for clipping images and articles, and making quick notes and lists. It does feel quite close to the free-form nature of just having a blank piece of paper to write on, specially with the paper-like dimensions of the SP3. Having it convert the handwriting into digital text is a nifty thing. For some, I could imagine this being very handy. Unfortunately, I'm no artist, so my thoughts on those kinds of pen usage scenarios are of very limited value. I did play around with some sketching and painting apps; it seemed responsive and accurate to me. The pressure sensitivity was demonstrably in effect, though if it's good enough to satisfy skilled digital artists, I can't really say. Lastly, I've used the pen to play games like Sudoku and the NY Times crossword app. These two are examples of where I thought things were a measurable improvement over more conventionally available input. It just felt more natural and satisfying. - What needs work: Microsoft claim 9 hours of battery life, and I think in some light usage scenarios (particularly limited WiFi use & low screen brightness), 9 hours is quite possible, but with my usage, which is probably more typical, I've found it's really more like 5-7 hours. The device's self generated battery report estimates that I'm getting 5 hours 58 minutes on average. This has never been a problem for me since I can always get to a power point before that time is up, but I think that it's worth mentioning. After 2 months of use, I do believe that 12" 3:2 aspect ratio is great for a hybrid, however anything they can do to make it even lighter and thinner will make it that much easier to use as a tablet. This seems a little greedy, because the device is already amazingly thin and light for what's under the hood, but I suspect the next gen Surface Pro powered by Broadwell is very likely to make this happen. The device can and will throttle its speed down if pushed too hard, and when this happens the device does get very warm in one corner (top right in landscape, the side away from your desk / lap). I never found it unpleasantly hot to touch though, and I only ever experienced this when attempting to play full-blown games on the device (FIFA 15, Civ 5, NFS: Hot Pursuit). It runs all App Store-based games beautifully, but for everything else (from Steam / Origin etc), settings will need to be turned right down, and even then only older or less demanding games will really be playable. Making this matter somewhat worse, using the current display driver, reducing the game resolution to anything below native will result in letterboxing. It would be great if could make the display scale to fullscreen (while maintaining aspect ratio), but so far I've not been able to find a way to do that. Playing a game in a tiny box in the middle of the screen is a waste when you have 12 inches of screen real estate available. EDIT: As was helpfully pointed out in the comments, a current workaround to avoid letterboxing in games is to manually lower the resolution in Windows before starting your game, then resetting to native resolution afterwards. Hopefully they'll fix the driver to prevent the need to do this eventually though. It really shouldn't be necessary. For games apps (as in, games bought from the App Store), the situation is still a fair way behind iOS and Android. I've found it much harder to find interesting, high-quality touch-based games on the Windows App Store than I did on my iPad, or even on my Galaxy Note 3. If that's mostly what you want from your tablet, the SP3 and Windows tablets in general are probably not your best bet, and I would suggest this probably isn't the right device for you anyway. On the other hand, no other tablet can serve up full blown games like Civ 5, so you take the good with the bad in this regard. - Overall: For me, the good far, far outweighs the bad when it comes to the SP3, and I love mine. It's not perfect (I'm not sure any device is), and if I could give it 4.5 stars here, I would, but it's certainly closer to 5 in my opinion than it is to 4, given what's out there right now and how happy I am with it. I think after 3 iterations, Microsoft are finally onto a winner. I have no doubt the SP4 will be even better, and for those of you who regularly can't make it to a power outlet for more than 6 hours at a time, it might be worth waiting for the next model or looking elsewhere, but after 2 months of ownership, I have no regrets with my purchase. Hope this has been helpful for those of you who have this device on your shortlist. Good luck with your purchase decision!
R2Y9YQBOSIW7MF	5.0	Perfect for a lawyer	32	33	I am a solo practitioner lawyer, and this is the perfect device for work and productivity for me. Contract reviews are dead easy, as I can mark up a document with the stylus as I am reading in portrait mode, then go back through and make a list of the issues that need to be addressed with a split-screen in landscape mode. Also, OneNote lets me keep everything related to a particular file in one place. Until now, I was forever having to go into the office on weekends because I lacked a piece of paper with essential notes on it; now all of that is stored digitally and accessible anywhere. Let me give you an example: Earlier this week, I had a phone call with a client about a document which I am helping to revise. Our call discussed an email that I had sent to him previously. I imported the email into OneNote with two clicks, and wrote some notes about my client's responses to my comments in blue with the stylus, just as I would normally do with a blue pen. I also took some more notes about a separate issue on a separate page in OneNote. Today, I headed over to the library because they had a book I needed to reference, which is unavailable in electronic form. While there, I edited my client's document in a split screen, with OneNote on one side and Word on the other. The high-resolution screen makes reading documents side by side very easy, even though the screen real estate is not very large compared to a desktop monitor. As I addressed each of my client's concerns from our phone call, I checked them off in OneNote with the stylus, in red ink. I could tell at a glance what was done, and what still remained to be done. This system let me work intuitively without the technology getting in my way. As any solo practitioner knows, efficient work flow is the holy grail, and the Surface Pro 3 lets me achieve that -- I can get the benefits of going completely digital without changing the way I work, or trying to figure out the logistics of shoehorning my ideas and workflow into specific and rigid constraints. I have found the typecover to be just as good as any other keyboard for typing; I don't feel that I am compromising there at all. I have put in about 4 hours of work so far today, 3.5 of which were billable, without even going in to the office. This will nearly pay for the price of the device. If I can keep up that level of efficiency for the rest of the year, I will be a millionaire! If you are looking for a tablet/laptop to increase your productivity, I don't think that you can do better than this.
R1UAHOFAAPM5GZ	5.0	Great for work; fun for play	49	53	Always using laptops, I wanted a device that was portable, yet powerful. Now, I am a very picky person when it comes to technology, so my journey of discovery was a long and arduous process to decide on the perfect all-in-one for me. I wanted a device that allowed me to browse the internet and watch movies, but I also wanted to do programming, photo editing, and virtualization. Just like the title says, the Surface Pro 3 works for whatever my need is: whether it be work or play. Appearance: When looking at the design of the surface, there is an unmistakable beauty to it. It was very thought out: very sturdy, compact, well built, and - dare I say - has the appeal of an Apple device. The Windows button is touch-sensitive (touch screen button instead of a physical button), the device supports USB 3.0, an SD card, headphone jack, and a Mini DisplayPort HD AV (HDMI) port. The power cable is also slim, connected up along the side on the device instead of protruding out. Microsoft has increased the Surface 2 real-estate from 10.6 inches to 12 inches. This increased size is the perfect size between size and comfortably. The kickstand supporting the Surface is one of the best features of this device, one that can virtually position the device in any angle. People might not think of this as a big benefit, until they switch from using the surface from on your desk to your bed to your lap to your... well, you get the point. It wouldn't surprise me if all tablets have similar stands in the future. Another great component, that isn't included in the box, is the Surface's keyboard. It is very well designed and snaps to the bottom of the Surface using magnets to ensure it stays in place. Adding functionality and comfortability to the keyboard, this companion also sports backlighting and is elevated at the top for increased ergonomics. The engine: Like I said before, I like to mix both business and pleasure into one device. The Surface Pro 3 fits the bill perfectly. I run several intensive programs that demand allot out of the machine: Photoshop for photo editing, Visual Studios for programming, debugging, and building, and VMWare/VirtualBox for virtualization. This machine handles all that I throw at it and still has room for more. For this reason, I choose the i7 with 8GB of RAM, and I would not look back. If you don't need to perform computationally heavy tasks, then you might consider the i5. Further, if you are looking for simple note taking or web surfing, you might want the i3 model. The amount of RAM that you will need also depends on the applications you are running; 8GB should suffice for most people. Moving on, the 2160×1440 12-inch display is one of the best - if not the best - displays out there. Not to reinvent the wheel, a review was performed by a group called DisplayMate Technologies, and they concluded that the display on the Surface Pro 3 is "one of the very best and most accurate displays available on any mobile platform and OS." The pen attachment that comes along with the optional keyboard is also very well build and provides great functionality when working with the Surface; specifically OneNote and Window's pre-installed paint app. It is very accurate, fluid, and is almost like writing on a piece of paper. Click the top of the pen and the free OneNote app opens up, allowing you to take notes easily and instantly. The Surface Pro 3, like its predecessors and most all tablets on the market, uses a SSD (Solid State Drive#. Unlike HDD's (Hard Drive Disk), SSD's contain no moving parts, thus providing a significant speed boost for everything from booting up to running programs to accessing files on the machine. Also, since there are no movie parts, the versatility of the device is also increased as you no longer have to worry about which angle to have use to device in. Moving on to the wireless, the Surface Pro 3 uses 802.11AC as a successor to wireless N (You will need a router that is capable of supporting it). Finally, the most feared aspect of the device is the Windows 8.1 operating system. There is an app that is preinstalled that demonstrated how to use the touchscreen functionality of the device. Other than that, it is really a great OS and is nicely integrated with other Microsoft services. Added functionality such as "Play to" and the SmartGlass companion app makes this a great Windows iteration. If you do feel that strongly against the operating system, it is good to know they are coming out with Windows 9 to replace Windows 8.1 Cons: Out of all the great things about the Surface there are a few drawbacks; the price being the biggest one. It is an expensive device, but I believe you get what you paid for. Most people are unjustly comparing this to a MacBook, which is not done fairly. To get an accurate comparison, you will need to match up the specs and the value of each component over another. Another drawback is there is only one USB port. This hurts when trying to use a mouse or a thumbdrive at the same time for example. I would recommend a USB 3.0 hub to expand the number of available ports. The beautiful screen resolution might also be a drawback for some people. Adobe Photoshop for example does not conform to the users resolution making the buttons very small. Note: that the new version (Photoshop CC) is optimized for the Surface Pro 3. This is also not a device for gaming; but it was not built to be, so I was not expecting much here. Finally, a couple small drawbacks I can see is the SSD for compliance when encrypting the device (if used for work or sensitive material) and the lack of an optical (CD) drive. For most people, these won't be an issue, but it might. Final thoughts: I think that the Surface Pro 3 is an amazing device that is very slim, powerful, and functional. It is easy to recommend it to business professionals, students, power users, and casual users. It fits the bill for whatever you need it - and more.
R306GRR0X609TK	5.0	Gaming, Adobe Software, Camera - Great Productivity Device	119	135	The whole notion that the Surface Pro 3 (SP3) will replace your laptop and tablet isn't too far off, if at all. For the average, everyday laptop user, the power packed into the Surface Pro 3 is more than enough - even for programs like Photoshop and most people probably don't even use that. There are 5 different models you can choose from, starting at $800 (+ $130 if you want a physical keyboard). They have competitive technology packed in, but offer more than your traditional laptop or tablet. Screen The screen size is pretty great. 12" is big enough to side-by-side some windows, which is helpful in many instances. The somewhat unusual aspect ratio (3:2 instead of 16:9) will still give you black bars when watching the common 16:9 video or movie, but the SP3 was built to do much more than just watch videos. Laptops are okay as 16:9 because they are meant to only be used in one orientation, whereas the SP3 can be oriented in landscape or portrait for different applications. Some people think that 16:9 in a portrait orientation can seem somewhat slim and I agree. Keyboard The SP3 doesn't come with the physical keyboard for a few reasons: there are 5 different colors to choose from, there is a digital keyboard (like on phones/tablets), and Microsoft can make a little more money. The backlit keyboard colors are black, purple, cyan, blue (Best Buy exclusive), and red (Microsoft exclusive). Before release, a poll with 360 results taken on reddit showed the color popularity in the following order: black (35%), red (22%), blue (20%), cyan (16%), purple (7%). The trackpad is great. It's much larger than the predecessors' and has a physical click when pressed (the previous Surfaces did not). There's a pen loop that comes with the keyboard that you can stick to the keyboard and slide the pen into, but it doesn't look natural to me. It is a nice place to store the pen so you don't lose it, though. The keyboard attaches to a side port on the SP3 with a pretty strong magnet. There is also a magnetic strip on the top of the keyboard that, when snapped to the SP3's magnetic border, props up the keyboard and makes it much more rigid, especially useful for lapability (a phrase Microsoft coined when announcing the SP3). Pen usage & touch When I first heard that the predecessors, with Wacom technology, had 1024 levels of pressure sensitivity (and the competing tablet by Wacom themselves had 2048) and the SP3, with N-Trig technology, only had ¼ that (256), I was shocked. Why would a step backward be forward-looking for the success of a product and user experience? After reading a bit more, I learned that the pressure sensitivity has little effect for most uses. Someone pointed out that 256 levels of pressure sensitivity translated to only affecting brush sizes of over 256, which is rarely used (maybe for print on billboards if vectors aren't used). There may be more implications on the sensitivity level, but they are minimal when considering the pros to using the N-Trig digitizer in the SP3. The complex explanation of the technology behind the competing digitizer technologies can be found on the Surface team's AMA on reddit. Basically, the SP3 uses active capacitive technology, which requires a battery but is more accurate and can enable functional buttons. With the simple push of the top button, OneNote opens and you can begin taking notes (great for students). There are also two buttons on the pen that you can customize. Wacom, the leading digital pen and tablet technology manufacturers, have a known issue of parallax in their products; towards the edge of the drawing screen, the pen tip misaligns with the line being drawn on screen. N-Trig has greatly reduced this in the SP3. Gaming Don't expect to be playing resource-hungry games like Crisis maxed out at full resolution and quality, but you can play many games on the SP3. Even some games like Titanfall will play on a lower resolution and low quality settings. League of Legends and other less graphically intensive games will play on higher quality settings smoothly. Gaming with steam in-home streaming While the SP3 won't natively run many games at high resolution, there is still a way to play games at high resolution on it. In May 2014, Steam released a service called in-home streaming, which allows you to stream a game being run on one computer over your home wifi to a smaller, less powerful computer - just what we need! You just have to install steam on both devices and then click the game on each. Click play on your desktop computer and then the option to stream will be on your SP3. Ports & battery You get a charging port that doubles as a lightning connector (unconfirmed). The built-in battery is listed to last up to 9 hours of web browsing, but I haven't stress-tested this yet. There's a microSD card reader that you can use to extend the storage (up to 128GB) of the SP3. If you need a larger screen, the SP3 can output to one monitor at 4k, or two at a lower resolution, through the mini DisplayPort. You can connect to an external monitor via the mini DisplayPort (although you'll probably need an adapter), wirelessly to your Xbox or other device that has Miracast enabled, or you could always cast wirelessly to something like a Chromecast. You get ONE USB 3.0 port, so if you want to use more devices (like a mouse), you can connect them to it via bluetooth or get a USB Hub. On the other side, by the volume rocker, there is a headset jack. Also, there is obviously the cover port for your keyboard. Cameras & microphones The SP3 has a front- and rear-facing 5 megapixel camera with stereo speakers that work for all intents and purposes - Skype. The quality isn't anything special, as you can see from my video attached to this review. Build quality & kickstand During the announcement, they demonstrated how durable the SP3 is by dropping it on the ground from a good 6 feet high and no damage was done. The friction kickstand will stay at almost any position. The keyboard and SP3 itself are both beautifully designed and constructed. The black, silver, and your choice of keyboard color all look nice together. The 800 gram (1.76 lbs) weight of this thing is astonishing. Technology in general just keeps getting thinner and lighter - amazing! Overall, the Surface Pro 3 can easily replace your laptop tablet combo for most users. Although my desktop is a few years old, I can do many things I once did on it on the SP3. You get the power to run your lovely programs with the mobility of a laptop or tablet. I love the Surface Pro 3 and highly recommend it to Windows and Apple users alike!
R2R0TZRMPZ3W73	4.0	Purchased for Digital Painting, never looked back.	37	39	I'll preface this review by saying that I am a digital artist, and so my views on the Surface will be tackling it from that angle. I bought this device to serve as my mobile workstation when I was away from my main rig and Wacom graphics tablet. I had made sure to view as many reviews and questions as possible to get a feel for this product and how it compared to the Companion, and after having used it for several weeks now, I can safely say it is, by far, one of the most useful devices I have ever owned. Firstly, the screen itself has a wonderful resolution, making the viewing of text and images for lengthy periods comfortable and easy. I was a bit leery of going with a device that didn't have a 1080 resolution--due mainly to them being what I'm used to--but making the shift has left me with a device sporting a screen more than wide and crisp enough to accommodate the various toolbars one would expect to find in software like Photoshop and Manga Studio alongside the actual canvas. Of course, if you'd like to hook the device up to a secondary monitor to free up more space--or to use the device in a way I will elaborate on later--it does have a mini display port for just such a purpose. The stylus is a thing of beauty. All but one of my last four tablets had been Wacom, and I can say with certainty I bought into belief that they produced the best hardware for digital artists. However, the digitizer in this stylus puts the intuos--and possibly even the cintiq--to shame. This stylus, with its 256 levels of pressure, is easily able to translate all of these varying degrees of pressure with a precision that allows for the kind of thick-and-thin strokes I could only dream of with my Wacom hardware and 2048 levels of sensitivity. It is here I should mention that these wonderful pressure levels took little to no effort on my part to calibrate: a single firmware update for the stylus, and I found myself wondering why I had invested so much faith and money into Wacom. The device is more than precise enough to serve as a mobile drawing tablet and, when hooked up to a secondary monitor, can fill a similar role to a cintiq. The stylus is well weighted, with a singular AAA battery giving the upper portion of the pen enough weight for it to feel well balanced whilst in use. However, it does lack an eraser: the 'head' of the stylus is used to quickly access One Note: an app designed to emulate taking notes on a notepad. The casing is sturdy, in spite of its surprisingly light weight, and the stand is a nice addition. However, I will mention that someone who finds themselves putting pressure on the screen consistently, i.e. a digital artist, will be much better served simply lowering the stand to its lowest inclination. Drawing and painting on it with the device held in the hand proved a bit unwieldy, due to the location of the Home button. While the Home button--and touch functionality--are disabled while the stylus is near the screen, it is easy to brush a hand against the button while the device is in use by a right-handed person. If I remember correctly there are settings that allow for the adjustment of the timing of activation for touch and home button functionality, but being left handed, I have not pursued those options. Do note though that the device can generate a fair amount of heat when under load on its right-hand side when laid flat, and that it is by no means quiet when being put through its paces, but it is not the most noisy of devices. I did not get the keyboard cover, opting instead for a screen protector and bluetooth keyboard--easily a fifth the price of obtaining a cover. I place the keyboard off to the side while I'm working to utilize it for shortcuts and the like, and with a screen protector there is nothing to worry about as far as damaging the screen from extended use. it also pays to mention that the rim of the device is magnetic, so do not be surprised if it happens to find that staple you neglected to toss in the trash or if it happens to cling a bit doggedly to a metal keyboard tray. All in all, the Surface is a wonderful device. It is able to run my digital art software--such as Photoshop and Manga Studio--with competence comparable, if not superior, to my home workstation. I have been working on files upwards of 6000x6000 pixels at 300 resolution with few, if any, issues outside the expected chugging when making use of larger brushes. It has easily replaced my Wacom tablets and, were it not for a lack of storage space, it may very well have replaced my tower entirely.
RMO8ZPK05DKDG	5.0	The best Tablet PC ever made	38	40	The Surface Pro 3 is the best Tablet PC ever made. It's not a gaming PC but if you are looking for a tablet where you can browse the web without restrictions of any type, create and edit any type of Office document, again, without any type of limitations, Save and organize your files and folders anywhere and in anyway you want, the Surface Pro 3 is your Tablet. You don't need to jailbreak it or anything like that. And you have the biggest library of Software available to you.
R74HK84R32H74	4.0	A big improvement over its predecessor. Amazing computer.	70	78	Pros- 1. Big beautiful and responsive display. 2. Very fast and fluid. 3. Very thin and light design. 4. Much improved keyboard. 5. Kickstand is better than ever. Cons- 1. Only a single USB port. 2. Can get pretty hot with intense use. 3. Price. 4. The app store is still very limited. 5. Battery life is still not optimal for tablet use. Last year I purchased the Surface Pro 2 as soon as it came out and I was a big fan of it. I put up with some of the limitations it came with because I liked the portability and flexibility that it provided. I am happy to say that the Surface Pro 3 has improved on a lot of those limitations. It is an overall better experience. In this review I intend to give you an idea of what it feels to use the Surface Pro 3 and at the same time compare it with the Surface Pro 2 in case you are deciding to purchase that one. Pros- 1. As soon as you take a look at the new Surface Pro 3 the first thing you will notice is how much bigger it is in comparison to the Surface Pro 2. The display in the Surface Pro 3 has been increased to 12 inches and it makes a big difference in the user experience. Running the laptop in desktop mode is much more enjoyable now. The new 3:2 aspect ratio is much better optimized to use with the desktop applications for Windows. It makes for a more polished experience and comfortable experience. The Surface Pro 3 screen is also very responsive just like the Surface Pro 2 was. The resolution in the display was increased a little bit but I can't really notice much of a difference. Both of the displays have very nice color accuracy and look gorgeous. The only flaw I see in the display is that now all of the videos in Netflix, YouTube and media players have black bars on the top and bottom just like you see in modern TVs. The Surface Pro 2 did not have those borders. It is a real shame that the Surface Pro 3 is not taking advantage of the increased size of the display when it comes to videos. This appears to be because of the 3:2 ratio i mentioned before. 2. The experience on the Surface Pro 3 is very fast and fluid. It is much faster than any android tablet on the market or the Ipad for that matter. It is not a fair comparison though because the processor in the Surface Pro 3 is simply much faster than the one in the Ipad. The model I am using has a i5 processor that has been running wonderfully. Everything that I throw at it loads up in an instant. I have not experienced a single stutter in the last couple of weeks. I always have several applications running in the background such as Spotify and Utorrent. I also have a really bad habit of having 10-12 tabs opened in Google Chrome at all times. Not a problem with the Surface Pro 3. Honestly, it is not a problem for the Surface Pro 2 either. The boot times are pretty awesome too. You know how it takes your old computer a couple of minutes to boot up and have everything ready to use? If you buy a Surface Pro 3 your computer takes only about 15 seconds to have everything up and running and ready to use. The only thing I have not tested in this laptop has been gaming. I am fairly certain it can probably handle light games but will probably have a harder time handling heavy duty games since it doesn't have a dedicated graphic card. Maybe the i7 model can but I can't really say. 3. Another hardware improvement in the Surface Pro 3 over the Surface Pro 2 has been weight reduction and a much thinner design. The Surface Pro 2 looks like a fat brick compared to the new Surface Pro 3. The overall weight reduction is not dramatic but noticeable, especially when you are using it as a tablet. The Surface Pro 3 feels less dense than the previous model. It is still not as comfortable to use as an Ipad when you have it in tablet mode but it has definitely being improved. Browsing the web and reading the news in tablet mode is better than on the smaller Ipad. I had a hard time going back to my old Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 when I stopped using the Pro 3. It just feels small in comparison. If you were turned off by the aesthetic of the Surface Pro 2 then you will probably appreciate the improvements that the Surface Pro 3 brings to the table. 4. One of the weakest points that the Surface Pro 2 had last year was the keyboard. The Type Cover 2 from last year provided a nice typing experience but the trackpad was a complete disaster. It was very small and uncomfortable to use. There was no way around it. This year however the trackpad has received a big upgrade. The trackpad is much bigger and the left and right buttons are much more tactile. Every time I had to do a right click on the Surface Pro 2 I wanted to throw the laptop out the balcony. It was that bad. The Pro 3 doesn't have that problem. Besides the extra size in the display this has been the biggest and most satisfying improvement that the Surface Pro 3 brings. The keyboard also has a magnet that connects itself to the laptop that raises the keys. It is a nice addition that makes the typing experience more comfortable. 5. The kickstand in the Surface Pro 3 provides a lot of flexibility over previous versions. This is how it should have been from the beginning. I can use the computer as a laptop just about anywhere now. It definitely provides more comfort when you are trying to use on your lap or while sitting on the bed. The improvement in the kickstand has made me use the computer more as a laptop than a tablet. Cons- 1. One of the limitations that the Surface Pro 3 has is the lack of USB ports. I think it is ironic that Microsoft keeps advertising that the Surface Pro 3 as the tablet that can replace your laptop. Apparently they missed the memo that just about every laptop has at least two USB ports. This computer only has one. Sometimes I like to use a wireless mouse that comes with a USB receiver, that takes away the possibility of plugging in a USB flash drive or anything else. Microsoft opted to add a Mini DisplayPort that almost nobody is going to use as opposed to a second USB drive. This was one of my criticisms of the Surface Pro 2 and Microsoft still has not fixed it. It is really baffling. 2. The Surface Pro 3 is a pretty powerful computer that can handle some serious workload. Unfortunately one of the downsides is that it can get pretty hot with intensive use. This is not a problem when you are using it as a laptop with the kickstand because the heat is not placed in your lap but it can be irritating when being used as a tablet. The hot spot is located in the top right corner of the laptop when used in landscape mode. It becomes more manageable when used in portrait mode. You learn to adjust after a while. 3. The Surface Pro 3 is a very fast, very nice and very expensive laptop. The entry level price of the laptop starts at $799 dollars and that is without the keyboard included. The keyboard is going to cost you an extra $130 dollars. If you are a student don't forget there is a 10% discount on both the keyboard and the computer if you buy it directly from Windows. I am not sure if other retailers like Best Buy are offering a price match on that promotion. All of the accessories that Microsoft sells for the Surface Pro 3 are just as expensive. One word of CAUTION with the $799 model. It only comes with 64 GB of storage out of which only about half of is usable. But not only that, the updates that Microsoft releases monthly take a lot of storage over the life of the tablet. I made the mistake of purchasing the 64 GB model with the Pro 2 and it ended up being a mistake. After 6 months I only had about 11 GB left. The laptop comes with a MicroSD card slow where you can store movies and pictures but the Microsoft Updates have to be stored on the hard drive, there is no way around it. The $999 model comes with double the storage and a better processor. It is a better value for your money. 4. Another year has passed and Microsoft still has not managed to improve the App Store. It is still lacking. It is very inferior to the Google Play Store and the IOS App Store. The advantage the Surface Pro 3 has is you can install any Windows legacy program that you want. That includes the full Microsoft Office suite. The lack of quality apps on the Microsoft Store is going to be a turn off for those of you that plan to use this computer more as a tablet than a laptop. 5. The battery life in the Surface Pro 3 has been improved marginally over the Surface Pro 2. I would say it is about 15% better. I manage to get around 7 hours of use. That was while using it mostly for light things such as web browsing and listening to music. If you start streaming videos on Netflix and YouTube and crank up the brightness to 100% then it will last between 4-5 hours. That is average for modern ultrabook laptops but mediocre at best for tablets. I know the Ipad can easily handle 10 hours. In conclusion, the Surface Pro 3 features several improvements over its predecessor the Surface Pro 2. It has a gorgeous 12 inch display. Very fast processor and a much improved overall design. The body of the laptop is much thinner and lighter. The kickstand extends itself farther than in the past allowing for a more comfortable experience while using in the lap. The trackpad in the keyboard is bigger and more accurate than in the Surface Pro 2. There are some negatives like the lack of apps in the app store and only one USB port is available in the computer. Do I recommend this computer? I sure do. It is an excellent piece of hardware that is sure to please you whether you are doing work or play.
R1CXR99OPGL4RK	5.0	Truly shocked how good this is	69	77	First let me state my biases. I am a long term Windows user, not out of any real love, but out of habit and necessity. I have an Android phone for which I do have real love. I dislike Apple though I admit it's more out of rebellion against the hipster hype than anything else - I can objectively see how they make beautiful products. When my ancient PC laptop died last month, I started researching for its replacement. I NEEDED something that could handle serious work (I'm not designing rockets or anything but I do create big spreadsheets and image-heavy presentations with lots of programs open all the time). I also NEEDED something that had a decent sized screen but that was also fairly light and portable. But I WANTED a tablet type interface with a touchscreen for my personal / fun usage. I looked at high-end ultrabooks, Macbooks, and the Surface Pro 3. With some trepidation, I pulled the trigger on the Surface. I resigned myself to another blah but at least predictable Microsoft experience. Boy, was I wrong. After two weeks of using it, I cannot believe how excited I am about a Microsoft product. Here are the things I like the most: - It is beautiful in sleek silver and black, unlike its predecessors. - It has laptop guts. The Intel i5 an i7 processors are fast enough for most people's work needs. - It has a large screen for a tablet, but is very light for a laptop. I find that I really can use it in both ways with ease. - The pen feels and writes like a real pen with the right friction and ability to rest your palm on the screen like you would on paper. The top button opens up the included Notes app with one click even if the computer is locked (you can write a new note, not read old notes when locked). You can also buy a wonderful app for 4 or 5 bucks that lets you create and mark up PDFs using the pen. For the first time in my life, I am paper free and take all notes electronically. - It boots from total shut down in 10 seconds. I couldn't believe it! - I know there is disagreement here, but after using it, I actually like Windows 8.1! I like being able to use the traditional desktop and with one tap, go to the new-style Start screen that is more like a modern phone or tablet that's fun to use. You can pin almost anything to that screen, not only apps but also pictures, individual contacts, live weather and news tiles, folders, even specific webpages. There are some cool new touch actions, including being able to swipe in from the left edge to drag back recently used apps, which you can snap into half the screen as well as the full screen. - I purchased the Office suite and it comes with 1 TB (Terabyte!) of free space on OneDrive, the MS Cloud storage. That's plenty of space for me to use it as backup space instead of external drives or paid backup services, and I'm also using it to transfer large amounts of files from other computers instead of messing with USB cables. It also lets me automatically backup camera roll pictures from both the Surface and my Android phone into one combined picture folder on OneDrive. - The Music app without a hiccup imported all my itunes music and even my itunes playlists and allows me to listen to it all on my Android phone. Finally! Liberation from the shackles of itunes / ipod. Of course it isn't perfect. The keyboard is somewhat flimsy if you're comparing to a laptop and the mousepad just isn't precise enough for some fine-tuning things like resizing or dragging small text boxes. And you have to pay extra for the keyboard which sucks. The Windows Apps store is currently pretty bare compared to Apple's or Android's. And you just get the feeling that Microsoft hasn't quite figured out the laptop / tablet or work / play or old school / new school hybrids yet and once in a while you feel the Frankenstein nature of it. But all in all, this is very good and a unique offering in the market if it's what you are looking for.
R2UCJ2ZGV8W2CC	4.0	Massive improvement over its predecessor. Amazing computer.	54	60	Pros- 1. Big beautiful and responsive display. 2. Very fast and fluid. 3. Very thin and light design. 4. Much improved keyboard. 5. Kickstand is better than ever. Cons- 1. Only a single USB port. 2. Can get pretty hot with intense use. 3. Price. 4. The app store is still very limited. 5. Battery life is still not optimal for tablet use. Last year I purchased the Surface Pro 2 as soon as it came out and I was a big fan of it. I put up with some of the limitations it came with because I liked the portability and flexibility that it provided. I am happy to say that the Surface Pro 3 has improved on a lot of those limitations. It is an overall better experience. In this review I intend to give you an idea of what it feels to use the Surface Pro 3 and at the same time compare it with the Surface Pro 2 in case you are deciding to purchase that one. Pros- 1. As soon as you take a look at the new Surface Pro 3 the first thing you will notice is how much bigger it is in comparison to the Surface Pro 2. The display in the Surface Pro 3 has been increased to 12 inches and it makes a big difference in the user experience. Running the laptop in desktop mode is much more enjoyable now. The new 3:2 aspect ratio is much better optimized to use with the desktop applications for Windows. It makes for a more polished experience and comfortable experience. The Surface Pro 3 screen is also very responsive just like the Surface Pro 2 was. The resolution in the display was increased a little bit but I can't really notice much of a difference. Both of the displays have very nice color accuracy and look gorgeous. The only flaw I see in the display is that now all of the videos in Netflix, YouTube and media players have black bars on the top and bottom just like you see in modern TVs. The Surface Pro 2 did not have those borders. It is a real shame that the Surface Pro 3 is not taking advantage of the increased size of the display when it comes to videos. This appears to be because of the 3:2 ratio i mentioned before. 2. The experience on the Surface Pro 3 is very fast and fluid. It is much faster than any android tablet on the market or the Ipad for that matter. It is not a fair comparison though because the processor in the Surface Pro 3 is simply much faster than the one in the Ipad. The model I am using has a i5 processor that has been running wonderfully. Everything that I throw at it loads up in an instant. I have not experienced a single stutter in the last couple of weeks. I always have several applications running in the background such as Spotify and Utorrent. I also have a really bad habit of having 10-12 tabs opened in Google Chrome at all times. Not a problem with the Surface Pro 3. Honestly, it is not a problem for the Surface Pro 2 either. The boot times are pretty awesome too. You know how it takes your old computer a couple of minutes to boot up and have everything ready to use? If you buy a Surface Pro 3 your computer takes only about 15 seconds to have everything up and running and ready to use. The only thing I have not tested in this laptop has been gaming. I am fairly certain it can probably handle light games but will probably have a harder time handling heavy duty games since it doesn't have a dedicated graphic card. Maybe the i7 model can but I can't really say. 3. Another hardware improvement in the Surface Pro 3 over the Surface Pro 2 has been weight reduction and a much thinner design. The Surface Pro 2 looks like a fat brick compared to the new Surface Pro 3. The overall weight reduction is not dramatic but noticeable, especially when you are using it as a tablet. The Surface Pro 3 feels less dense than the previous model. It is still not as comfortable to use as an Ipad when you have it in tablet mode but it has definitely being improved. Browsing the web and reading the news in tablet mode is better than on the smaller Ipad. I had a hard time going back to my old Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 when I stopped using the Pro 3. It just feels small in comparison. If you were turned off by the aesthetic of the Surface Pro 2 then you will probably appreciate the improvements that the Surface Pro 3 brings to the table. 4. One of the weakest points that the Surface Pro 2 had last year was the keyboard. The Type Cover 2 from last year provided a nice typing experience but the trackpad was a complete disaster. It was very small and uncomfortable to use. There was no way around it. This year however the trackpad has received a big upgrade. The trackpad is much bigger and the left and right buttons are much more tactile. Every time I had to do a right click on the Surface Pro 2 I wanted to throw the laptop out the balcony. It was that bad. The Pro 3 doesn't have that problem. Besides the extra size in the display this has been the biggest and most satisfying improvement that the Surface Pro 3 brings. The keyboard also has a magnet that connects itself to the laptop that raises the keys. It is a nice addition that makes the typing experience more comfortable. 5. The kickstand in the Surface Pro 3 provides a lot of flexibility over previous versions. This is how it should have been from the beginning. I can use the computer as a laptop just about anywhere now. It definitely provides more comfort when you are trying to use on your lap or while sitting on the bed. The improvement in the kickstand has made me use the computer more as a laptop than a tablet. Cons- 1. One of the limitations that the Surface Pro 3 has is the lack of USB ports. I think it is ironic that Microsoft keeps advertising that the Surface Pro 3 as the tablet that can replace your laptop. Apparently they missed the memo that just about every laptop has at least two USB ports. This computer only has one. Sometimes I like to use a wireless mouse that comes with a USB receiver, that takes away the possibility of plugging in a USB flash drive or anything else. Microsoft opted to add a Mini DisplayPort that almost nobody is going to use as opposed to a second USB drive. This was one of my criticisms of the Surface Pro 2 and Microsoft still has not fixed it. It is really baffling. 2. The Surface Pro 3 is a pretty powerful computer that can handle some serious workload. Unfortunately one of the downsides is that it can get pretty hot with intensive use. This is not a problem when you are using it as a laptop with the kickstand because the heat is not placed in your lap but it can be irritating when being used as a tablet. The hot spot is located in the top right corner of the laptop when used in landscape mode. It becomes more manageable when used in portrait mode. You learn to adjust after a while. 3. The Surface Pro 3 is a very fast, very nice and very expensive laptop. The entry level price of the laptop starts at $799 dollars and that is without the keyboard included. The keyboard is going to cost you an extra $130 dollars. If you are a student don't forget there is a 10% discount on both the keyboard and the computer if you buy it directly from Windows. I am not sure if other retailers like Best Buy are offering a price match on that promotion. All of the accessories that Microsoft sells for the Surface Pro 3 are just as expensive. One word of CAUTION with the $799 model. It only comes with 64 GB of storage out of which only about half of is usable. But not only that, the updates that Microsoft releases monthly take a lot of storage over the life of the tablet. I made the mistake of purchasing the 64 GB model with the Pro 2 and it ended up being a mistake. After 6 months I only had about 11 GB left. The laptop comes with a MicroSD card slow where you can store movies and pictures but the Microsoft Updates have to be stored on the hard drive, there is no way around it. The $999 model comes with double the storage and a better processor. It is a better value for your money. 4. Another year has passed and Microsoft still has not managed to improve the App Store. It is still lacking. It is very inferior to the Google Play Store and the IOS App Store. The advantage the Surface Pro 3 has is you can install any Windows legacy program that you want. That includes the full Microsoft Office suite. The lack of quality apps on the Microsoft Store is going to be a turn off for those of you that plan to use this computer more as a tablet than a laptop. 5. The battery life in the Surface Pro 3 has been improved marginally over the Surface Pro 2. I would say it is about 15% better. I manage to get around 7 hours of use. That was while using it mostly for light things such as web browsing and listening to music. If you start streaming videos on Netflix and YouTube and crank up the brightness to 100% then it will last between 4-5 hours. That is average for modern ultrabook laptops but mediocre at best for tablets. I know the Ipad can easily handle 10 hours. In conclusion, the Surface Pro 3 features several improvements over its predecessor the Surface Pro 2. It has a gorgeous 12 inch display. Very fast processor and a much improved overall design. The body of the laptop is much thinner and lighter. The kickstand extends itself farther than in the past allowing for a more comfortable experience while using in the lap. The trackpad in the keyboard is bigger and more accurate than in the Surface Pro 2. There are some negatives like the lack of apps in the app store and only one USB port is available in the computer. Do I recommend this computer? I sure do. It is an excellent piece of hardware that is sure to please you whether you are doing work or play.
R2FI7LF71FQZAM	4.0	A very good improvement over its predecessor. Amazing computer.	74	84	Pros- 1. Big beautiful and responsive display. 2. Very fast and fluid. 3. Very thin and light design. 4. Much improved keyboard. 5. Kickstand is better than ever. Cons- 1. Only a single USB port. 2. Can get pretty hot with intense use. 3. Price. 4. The app store is still very limited. 5. Battery life is still not optimal for tablet use. Last year I purchased the Surface Pro 2 as soon as it came out and I was a big fan of it. I put up with some of the limitations it came with because I liked the portability and flexibility that it provided. I am happy to say that the Surface Pro 3 has improved on a lot of those limitations. It is an overall better experience. In this review I intend to give you an idea of what it feels to use the Surface Pro 3 and at the same time compare it with the Surface Pro 2 in case you are deciding to purchase that one. Pros- 1. As soon as you take a look at the new Surface Pro 3 the first thing you will notice is how much bigger it is in comparison to the Surface Pro 2. The display in the Surface Pro 3 has been increased to 12 inches and it makes a big difference in the user experience. Running the laptop in desktop mode is much more enjoyable now. The new 3:2 aspect ratio is much better optimized to use with the desktop applications for Windows. It makes for a more polished experience and comfortable experience. The Surface Pro 3 screen is also very responsive just like the Surface Pro 2 was. The resolution in the display was increased a little bit but I can't really notice much of a difference. Both of the displays have very nice color accuracy and look gorgeous. The only flaw I see in the display is that now all of the videos in Netflix, YouTube and media players have black bars on the top and bottom just like you see in modern TVs. The Surface Pro 2 did not have those borders. It is a real shame that the Surface Pro 3 is not taking advantage of the increased size of the display when it comes to videos. This appears to be because of the 3:2 ratio i mentioned before. 2. The experience on the Surface Pro 3 is very fast and fluid. It is much faster than any android tablet on the market or the Ipad for that matter. It is not a fair comparison though because the processor in the Surface Pro 3 is simply much faster than the one in the Ipad. The model I am using has a i5 processor that has been running wonderfully. Everything that I throw at it loads up in an instant. I have not experienced a single stutter in the last couple of weeks. I always have several applications running in the background such as Spotify and Utorrent. I also have a really bad habit of having 10-12 tabs opened in Google Chrome at all times. Not a problem with the Surface Pro 3. Honestly, it is not a problem for the Surface Pro 2 either. The boot times are pretty awesome too. You know how it takes your old computer a couple of minutes to boot up and have everything ready to use? If you buy a Surface Pro 3 your computer takes only about 15 seconds to have everything up and running and ready to use. The only thing I have not tested in this laptop has been gaming. I am fairly certain it can probably handle light games but will probably have a harder time handling heavy duty games since it doesn't have a dedicated graphic card. Maybe the i7 model can but I can't really say. 3. Another hardware improvement in the Surface Pro 3 over the Surface Pro 2 has been weight reduction and a much thinner design. The Surface Pro 2 looks like a fat brick compared to the new Surface Pro 3. The overall weight reduction is not dramatic but noticeable, especially when you are using it as a tablet. The Surface Pro 3 feels less dense than the previous model. It is still not as comfortable to use as an Ipad when you have it in tablet mode but it has definitely being improved. Browsing the web and reading the news in tablet mode is better than on the smaller Ipad. I had a hard time going back to my old Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 when I stopped using the Pro 3. It just feels small in comparison. If you were turned off by the aesthetic of the Surface Pro 2 then you will probably appreciate the improvements that the Surface Pro 3 brings to the table. 4. One of the weakest points that the Surface Pro 2 had last year was the keyboard. The Type Cover 2 from last year provided a nice typing experience but the trackpad was a complete disaster. It was very small and uncomfortable to use. There was no way around it. This year however the trackpad has received a big upgrade. The trackpad is much bigger and the left and right buttons are much more tactile. Every time I had to do a right click on the Surface Pro 2 I wanted to throw the laptop out the balcony. It was that bad. The Pro 3 doesn't have that problem. Besides the extra size in the display this has been the biggest and most satisfying improvement that the Surface Pro 3 brings. The keyboard also has a magnet that connects itself to the laptop that raises the keys. It is a nice addition that makes the typing experience more comfortable. 5. The kickstand in the Surface Pro 3 provides a lot of flexibility over previous versions. This is how it should have been from the beginning. I can use the computer as a laptop just about anywhere now. It definitely provides more comfort when you are trying to use on your lap or while sitting on the bed. The improvement in the kickstand has made me use the computer more as a laptop than a tablet. Cons- 1. One of the limitations that the Surface Pro 3 has is the lack of USB ports. I think it is ironic that Microsoft keeps advertising that the Surface Pro 3 as the tablet that can replace your laptop. Apparently they missed the memo that just about every laptop has at least two USB ports. This computer only has one. Sometimes I like to use a wireless mouse that comes with a USB receiver, that takes away the possibility of plugging in a USB flash drive or anything else. Microsoft opted to add a Mini DisplayPort that almost nobody is going to use as opposed to a second USB drive. This was one of my criticisms of the Surface Pro 2 and Microsoft still has not fixed it. It is really baffling. 2. The Surface Pro 3 is a pretty powerful computer that can handle some serious workload. Unfortunately one of the downsides is that it can get pretty hot with intensive use. This is not a problem when you are using it as a laptop with the kickstand because the heat is not placed in your lap but it can be irritating when being used as a tablet. The hot spot is located in the top right corner of the laptop when used in landscape mode. It becomes more manageable when used in portrait mode. You learn to adjust after a while. 3. The Surface Pro 3 is a very fast, very nice and very expensive laptop. The entry level price of the laptop starts at $799 dollars and that is without the keyboard included. The keyboard is going to cost you an extra $130 dollars. If you are a student don't forget there is a 10% discount on both the keyboard and the computer if you buy it directly from Windows. I am not sure if other retailers like Best Buy are offering a price match on that promotion. All of the accessories that Microsoft sells for the Surface Pro 3 are just as expensive. One word of CAUTION with the $799 model. It only comes with 64 GB of storage out of which only about half of is usable. But not only that, the updates that Microsoft releases monthly take a lot of storage over the life of the tablet. I made the mistake of purchasing the 64 GB model with the Pro 2 and it ended up being a mistake. After 6 months I only had about 11 GB left. The laptop comes with a MicroSD card slow where you can store movies and pictures but the Microsoft Updates have to be stored on the hard drive, there is no way around it. The $999 model comes with double the storage and a better processor. It is a better value for your money. 4. Another year has passed and Microsoft still has not managed to improve the App Store. It is still lacking. It is very inferior to the Google Play Store and the IOS App Store. The advantage the Surface Pro 3 has is you can install any Windows legacy program that you want. That includes the full Microsoft Office suite. The lack of quality apps on the Microsoft Store is going to be a turn off for those of you that plan to use this computer more as a tablet than a laptop. 5. The battery life in the Surface Pro 3 has been improved marginally over the Surface Pro 2. I would say it is about 15% better. I manage to get around 7 hours of use. That was while using it mostly for light things such as web browsing and listening to music. If you start streaming videos on Netflix and YouTube and crank up the brightness to 100% then it will last between 4-5 hours. That is average for modern ultrabook laptops but mediocre at best for tablets. I know the Ipad can easily handle 10 hours. In conclusion, the Surface Pro 3 features several improvements over its predecessor the Surface Pro 2. It has a gorgeous 12 inch display. Very fast processor and a much improved overall design. The body of the laptop is much thinner and lighter. The kickstand extends itself farther than in the past allowing for a more comfortable experience while using in the lap. The trackpad in the keyboard is bigger and more accurate than in the Surface Pro 2. There are some negatives like the lack of apps in the app store and only one USB port is available in the computer. Do I recommend this computer? I sure do. It is an excellent piece of hardware that is sure to please you whether you are doing work or play.
R8EQZ2ZJ7VYTB	5.0	First TRUE laptop/tablet combo!	53	59	Love my new Surface Pro 3!! This is the FIRST real laptop/tablet in one! I've had it less than a week and already sold my iPad Air & Lenovo Ultrabook. I can do it all from the Surface Pro 3. It has usb and microsd card so I can upload all my old pics and data from thumb drives and old cell phones. Can't say it any better than I LOVE IT!!
R3LSBDR23U1S71	4.0	Good hardware but going back - updated	44	49	I have been watching the Surface Pro line for years, waiting until I thought the time was right to pull the trigger. When they announced the 3 I thought this was finally it. After living with it for ten days I'm taking it back. I loved the screen, size, and weight. I'm one of those who thinks the Type Cover works well (but should be included with the Surface). It's the perfect form factor for my needs, but ultimately there were too many small glitches to make it worth nearly $1200. Mine was plagued by the WiFi and bluetooth problems that prevented the network from working properly when coming out of sleep or for the pen to wake the tablet. (A workaround/fix for when it can't connect is to open the Device Manager, go to Network Adapters, right click and select "Scan for new devices"). It runs hot with the fan running constantly while just running a browser or playing Sudoku. Doing something as simple as browsing the web is glitchy and frustrating with missed clicks, pauses, freezes, etc. So why three stars and not one or two? Because the hardware is solid (apart from the questionable Marvell network chipset) and I believe that most of these problems are easily fixable with software patches and that this review will be obsolete within the next six months. For now, however, I demand a lot less frustration from a $1000 device. Update 26 Sep 14 - I've added a star back. I wasn't kidding when I said this was the perfect form factor for me. So much so that I waited a month then bought another one. In the nearly two months since the original review Microsoft has managed to fix nearly all of my original concerns. It still seems to throttle down and turn the fan on early, but that's probably more a function of the Haswell chips. What I'm left with is the best traveling laptop I've ever had. It made its first business trip with me and easily replaced my 15" MacBook Pro and iPad I usually take on trips and saved me several pounds in my backpack to boot. I love the pen for normal computing, and use a Bluetooth mouse for when I need more accuracy. Or use the track pad. Or my finger. There is no shortage of input on this thing.
R5B0AKEBF8LNM	5.0	Better than tablet for a similar price	24	25	Great product. At 12 inches, it is comparable to the MacBook air. Also, it is not like most tablets. It is a fully functioning PC with Windows 8.1 and all important ports unlike some other tablets. Did I mention the awesome backstand that fleses to any angle due to a friction hinge? I did not realize how handy this feature is until I started using it. It can greatly improve the viewing angle of the device if you move around with it and use it in different positions. I bought a 64GB version and used a 64GB microSD card to increase the storage space. The pen is slightly unintuitive to use and not the best design possible, but I don't use it anyway. I got a type cover for this and it works great for when I am not near my laptop or in my bed reading.
R1W46492LR1PAQ	3.0	Surface Pro 3 vs. Pro 2 and Pro 1 - Stick with the Surface Pro 2 right now for the best performance.	61	71	Gorgeous design, but beware for sustained use. I recently purchased the i5 / 256 / 8GB RAM model and promptly returned it to the store 2 days later. I already own the surface pro and surface 2 pro and was thinking of using this tablet to replace my original surface pro. The design is very impressive, kudos to Microsoft. I love the thinner chassis, the screen is gorgeous with a great resolution that gives you plenty of space to view spreadsheets, websites, etc. Holding the tablet, it is much more comfortable in your hand. The dimensions "feel right" compared to the previous models, which seemed a little heavy and off balance in your hand. The kick stand is amazing, you can set it to virtually any angle and it will stay there without slipping or changing angle as you use it. And I appreciate the new keyboard magnet that gives extra stability while using the device. Overall, the design of this machine is a huge leap forward versus the previous models. This is why I gave the item 3 stars despite the fact that I returned it. The bad is the performance. Microsoft claimed that this tablet would be thinner and lighter without any compromise in performance. It also claimed that this machine would be capable of gaming. This is where I have an issue. These claims are just flat out false as I discovered. Here's why - Thermal Throttling. Basically, it doesn't matter how impressive the specs in the machine are, if it can't run at full speed, the performance will be slower than advertised. Because the machine has a smaller and thinner form factor, it will heat up more quickly and have less space to dissipate that heat. Because of this space constraint, Microsoft configured the processor to throttle down its clock speed to try to maintain a temperature of 60C. This means that if you throw an intensive task at the processor, it will ramp up to full performance for the first several minutes. However, as the machine heats up, the processor will slow down to stop it from overheating, which results in SLOWER performance compared to the Surface Pro 2 and even compared to the original Surface Pro. You will not notice this slow down in quick tasks that are completed in seconds or even a few minutes, but with sustained intensive tasks such as playing games, or flash based applications, you will notice a SIGNIFICANT drop in performance. How bad? I ran the following test: I took a Surface Pro, Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3. I loaded up the Marvel Heroes game on all three machines. I set the same game settings of 1366x768 resolution and the exact same graphic settings on all machines (basically minimum settings, everything set as low as possible). I then loaded the game and monitored the Frames Per Second over a period of about 10 minutes. Here are the results Surface Pro and Surface Pro 2 both had an average of 30-35 frames per second (fps), with a max around 45 fps. During periods of intense graphic work, the fps would dip to around 20, but I never saw values lower than that. The Surface Pro 3 averaged around 20-25 fps. It started out around 35fps, but after approximately 3 minutes, the throttling kicked in and lowered the fps to around 20. During periods of intense graphic work (large group fights), the fps dropped to single digits (under 10). It was shocking to me that there would be such a performance difference, and my surface pro 3 was returned to the Microsoft store the next day. So in conclusion, I recommend everyone go out and get a Surface Pro 2 until Microsoft figures out how to get the same performance from the new thinner form factor.
R2PVZZOVB2KYHH	4.0	The Portable Workhorse for Creatives	25	27	You are probably reading these reviews to decide if you will pay $1,800 to buy a Surface Pro 3 (Core i7, 8GB RAM, 256GB Storage) ("SP3") or to get a competing product such as a MacBook. I am an owner of both Mac and Windows devices, and have been using my SP3 from the end of August 2014 as my everyday workhorse. Take a deep breath, and let's start my review of the SP3: * * * * ********************************* *** Form Factor *** ********************************* Thin as an iPad 4 (9.4mm), the SP3 is a 2014 feat of engineering. Instead of taking a tablet processor route, such as Intel Atom or Nvidia Tegra, Microsoft has engaged Intel to source Core i5 and Core i7 processors that are specially binned to fit into the SP3. The result is an ultra thin, sleek laptop, and its Mag-Alloy body is lovely to hold. Not even the new HP Envy X2 (thickness: 13.7mm) using a next-gen Intel Broadwell CPU (designed for fanless, ultra thin computing) can match the thinness of the SP3. The 12" screen and switch to 3:2 ratio on the SP3 is a welcome change. The extra screen real estate, and larger keyboard, now feels far less claustrophobic than it was on the SP2. Whilst there has been considerable improvements on the kickstand from the Surface Pro 2, it would not be fair for me to review the kickstand as I use a leather case which has its own stand (adjustable to almost any angle). That being said, when I am on the move, I use my SP3 on my messenger bag so I have no issues with "lapability" whatsoever. One drawback to the form factor is there are currently only a limited selection of cases in the market which support the SP3 with its Type Cover keyboard. This hopefully will improve as the SP3 becomes more popular and the adoption rate increases. * * * * ********************************* *** Compute Power *** ********************************* The form factor is where comparison between the iPad and the SP3 ends. Trying to run Office 365 over the wire on your iPad? Waiiting for Adobe to release a streaming version of Photoshop CC for the iPad? The SP3 is a computing monster and has no need for "thin client" tricks. In the time it takes for the iPad Air to open Office 365 and connect over the wire, the SP3 can launch Word 2013; Outlook 2013; a browser; Lync 2013; Photoshop CC; and Bridge CC - all at the same time and natively. Yes, the SP3 is that fast. It comes with the Windows 8.1 Pro operating system and is compatible with all modern Windows applications. The multi-tasking power is in part made possible by the SP3's Micron mSATA Solid State Disk that has phenomenal random read speeds. Everything is quicker than any tablet - whether it is the simple task of loading websites in multiple Firefox tabs or loading multiple applications. My iPad is left in the dust as it struggles to load a single Nordstrom.com webpage which has complex content. Even Adobe Photoshop CC runs smoothly and useably on the SP3, which is not possible with other tablets of this form factor. It needs to be noted that the SP3 is designed with a focus on portability (1.1kg with Type cover), and does not have computing power of an Alienware laptop or a MacBook Pro 15-inch. Those are powerhouse laptops designed to be desktop replacements, are heavier and less portable (at least double the weight), and considerably more expensive (at least $500 more). To give a frame of reference, the compute power of the SP3 is approximately equivalent to a Macbook Air 13-inch 2014. * * * * ********************************* *** Battery Life *** ********************************* The real world battery life of the SP3 is frequently misunderstood. If you are doing something non-stop, such as running a movies or tv episodes marathon, then you will get between 5-6 hours of battery life. If you are doing day-to-day work, where you intermittently stop using your SP3 to look at documents or attend meetings, then the battery life question becomes far more difficult. The SP3 actually has 3 power states - On, Standby and Off. The On state is self explanatory. The Off state is the usual Shutdown or Hibernate. The Standby state allows instant-on, with all of your work immediately available from where you left it. Some people may equate this to a screensaver. The difference between Standby and a traditional screensaver, is that the Standby state is ultra low power, and has a battery life exceeding 19 hours. Therefore, if the SP3's battery life were an Olympic circuit, then there would be two tracks - the On track which is 6 hours long, and a Standby track which is 19 hours long. You would alternate between the tracks throughout the day as you hop on or off your SP3. The SP3 is often compared with the MacBook Air, which has a relatively longer battery life of 9 hours (running Windows bootcamp). For running very intensive tasks, such as playing triple-A games or running Photoshop CC, then the battery life of the SP3 under load is approximately 2-3 hours. This is still a great result considering most laptops only gve 1-2 hours under full load. * * * * ****************************** ****** Thermals *** ****************************** With great computing power comes....a great deal of hot air. A surprising characteristic shared by the SP3 with a laptop is that the SP3 is fan-cooled. The SP3 is cooled by a single fan and has narrow vents running along the sides and the top of the device. When the SP3 is under intensive load, the fan spins up to full speed and becomes fairly audible. However, it is definitely more quiet than any fan I have heard running in full speed in any laptop. The temperature of the SP3 can increase up to 70C degrees, at which point it throttles the CPU to bring the temperature down. The SP3 has never felt too warm for comfort, but this may be because I always have it in its leather case and I am not in direct contact with the SP3. Prior to the release of the i7 model of the SP3, I had many concerns after reading online discussions regarding SP3s shutting down with the thermometer icon after overheating, and about performance constraints from the thermal/throttling benchmarks. None of these concerns eventuated. The SP3 did not overheat whilst installing Windows updates. The CPU throttling does not impact real world performance - in fact it is so insignificant that I have no intention to carry out any benchmarks or tests on my SP3. This may be the case as I do not play games on my SP3 - however retouching Photoshop files that are 2-3 gigabytes in size is definitely very processor intensive. * * * * ********************************* *** Inputs *** ********************************* The Type Cover is essential for productive use of the SP3. Stop complaining about it being sold separately - just buy it. The Type Cover has magnets so that when it comes in proximity to the SP3 they automatically snap into the dedicated keyboard connectors at the bottom of the SP3. The magnets are hit or miss in practice as sometimes the snapping is out of place. This is actually worse off than the Surface Pro 1, which had the Type Cover snap perfectly every time. The Type Cover has a nice felt exterior, and mechanical keys which quietly tap when typing. The keys on the Type Cover are well-spaced, comfortable to use, and can be used to great accuacy. The backlit keys are also a welcome change from the original Type Cover and help with working in dim-lit environments. I don't have any major gripes with the layout of the keys - but they could probably be improved by: (1) replacing some of the infrequently used keys (eg. the Charms bar keys) with more useful keys; (2) providing more obvious documentation on how to make the Media Keys actually input Function Keys by default, which is necessary for some office tasks. The Type Cover has got a trackpad, but it is tiny and not particularly comfortable to use for long hours. For any tasks which are too difficult to complete by touchscreen, a Bluetooth mouse is a must. The touchscreen on the SP3 works well in terms of input - it is sufficiently accurate to detect subtle differences between me clicking a hyperlink or a closeby element of a complex website. From time to time, it has difficulty registering touches on the top right of the screen - where a web browser tabs would be. This however could be the effect of the premium Ghost Glass screen protector (made of glass) that I have installed on my SP3. Now we come to the N-Trig stylus, which is a stand-out feature of the SP3. The stylus has three buttons (the top button opens OneNote; and there are two on the side for Eraser and Right-Click). This is not one of those finger-substitute pens you can get for an iPad. If you have ever used a Wacom Intuous graphics tablet, then you will know that the SP3 doubles up as a laptop and a professional graphics tablet in one. The N-Trig has a high level of DPI resolution, which is necessarily accurate for writing, drawing and retouching of photos. It also has excellent edge-to-edge accuracy from pen-tip to screen. I fully support Microsoft's shift to N-Trig from the built-in Wacom technology found in the earlier Surface Pro models. The previous Wacom technology offered mediocre accuracy for the centre of the screen (most of the time it was a little off mark) and awful accuracy for the edges of the screen (it was off the mark or completely not working at all). There are a minor drawbacks of the N-Trig stylus, which include the often-discussed delay on the cursor following the pen-tip. My view is that this characteristic has been made a mountain out of a molehill. Firstly, the delay is very short. For those who have played games over the internet, the delay would be equivalent to approximately 200-300 milliseconds only (or Ping if you want to call it). Secondly, the delay only affects the display of cursor and not the actual pen input itself. Therefore, notwithstanding where the cursor is displayed, your input will always be at the pen-tip. Due to the accuracy of the N-Trig stylus, you actually don't need to rely on the cursor to know where your pen input will be. Because the N-Trig stylus relies on Bluetooth, full functionality of stylus requires an AAA battery and a few coin cell batteries. Getting the batteries unpacked to setup the pen is a bit more fiddly at the start. Whilst the SP3 arrives paired by Bluetooth to the stylus, if the pairing is ever lost further setup is required to re-establish the pairing. At the time of writing this review, Microsoft has released a Surface Hub app in the Windows Store which allows you to change the function of pressing the top button on the stylus, and also adjusting the pressure sensitivity curves. This is a step forward from initial release, but it is still not possible to customise the two side buttons on the stylus - which is a much needed feature that was available on the Wacom technology. * * * * ********************************* *** Connectivity and Display *** ********************************* The SP3 has a standard array of connectivity options including a single USB 3.0 port, a USB charging port (on the power brick), Bluetooth, Wi-Fi (supporting 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz bands), a MicroSD card reader and Intel Wireless Display. A short discussion of each of these would be informative: * USB 3.0 port - A single USB 3.0 port means that it is in high demand and one must be very careful in choosing a mouse and other peripherals - make sure that they all use Bluetooth where possible. Aside from external storage, the USB port is also used for the Microsoft Gigabit wired Ethernet adapter - which is discussed further in the Accessories section below. * USB Charging port - This is the USB port which is on the power brick and is a very thoughtful addition by Microsoft. Whilst there is no connectivity through this port, there is nothing like being able to plug in your SP3 and phone to charge from the same power brick. The power brick is not rated to charge an iPad, but with the SP3 you have no need to carry a laptop and a tablet with you. * The Bluetooth is powered by a Marvell radio adapter, as opposed to the usual Broadcomm adapter. The drawback to this is that Marvell Bluetooth drivers must be used, which are not as feature rich as the standard Broadcomm Bluetooth stack - particularly for pairing hands-free headsets. Due to the single USB 3.0 port, I connect multiple peripherals via Bluetooth (mouse and headset) and the mouse lags from time to time as the Bluetooth does not appear to cope. This is an area of improvement which Microsoft needs to focus on. * The MicroSD reader is reliable and connected internally via USB, and therefore is limited to the throughput of USB 3.0. This is not as fast as a MicroSD reader connected by SATA as configured in some laptops. * Wi-Fi - I have found the Wi-Fi reliable and since the initial SP3 firmware updates, I have not experienced any failure of the Wi-Fi. I feel the throughput is a little slow (about 8-9 megabytes a second) when copying files over Wi-Fi. * Intel Wireless Display - Notwithstanding that the SP3 is connected to Wi-Fi, the SP3 can also wirelessly connect to an Intel Wireless Display device such as Netgear's Push2TV or the Microsoft Wireless Display Adapter. This is a handy feature for presentations. The lag on the display is significant (about 1 seconds) so it is not suitable for everyday work use. The SP3 does not have a built-in 4G modem and SIM card slot - if these were included then it would be yet another differentiator for this excellent productivity device. Also on the right hand side of the SP3 is a Mini-Display Port which can support a single 4K resolution monitor (3840 x 2160) or up to three daisy-chained 1080p resolution monitors (1920 x 1080 monitors which are connected to each other, with one monitor connected to the SP3). There is also dedicated port for the Microsoft Docking Station through which 5 more USB devices, Gigabit wired Ethernet and a display can be connected. * * * * ********************************* *** Security *** ********************************* I thought I would touchbase quickly on this topic, particularly for those who may be involved in work of a confidential or senstive nature. Out of the box the SP3 runs Windows 8.1 which supports BitLocker. In a nutshell BitLocker fully encrypts your drives and data, and ties the access key to your Windows login. Therefore, once you have enabled BitLocker there is no way to access your data unless they have your Windows login credentials - even if they rip the hard disk out of the SP3 and plug it into another computer. Going one step further, BitLocker even encrypts external storage - meaning that all of your MicroSD card data is encrypted and not accessible. Plugging your MicroSD card into another Windows 7/8 computer will prompt for a password. BitLocker will not prevent a trojan or virus from installing itself and running in the background to steal your data. However, it does add a level of comfort to know that even if your SP3 is stolen or left on the train, your data or browser saved passwords will not be accessible. * * * * ********************************* *** Bugs and Difficulties *** ********************************* No device is bug free - even my iPad and iPhone has Safari crashing out now and then, and Apple is up to their 6th gen devices. Below is a summary of my experience of difficulties with the SP3: * Won't wake from Standby - pressing the Power button or keys on the Type Cover will not wake the device. This most frequently occurs when the SP3 is in Standby mode and there is a change in display. This could be a change in display resolution; the SP3 is removed from the Dock; the SP3 was projecting wirelessly over Intel Wireless Display and is carried out of range. The fix for this is holding down the Power button for 10 seconds to force power off the SP3. * USB Hub driver corruption - I am still not certain as to the root cause of this serious once-off issue. It may have been related to unplugging the Microsoft Gigabit wired Ethernet Adapter whilst it was in use. The result was that the USB driver became corrupted and the SP3 would not recognise any USB devices, including the MicroSD card reader. The fix for this was to go into Device Manager, right-click on each USB system device and "Updating the Driver" with the existing driver stored in the Windows driver registry. * On-screen Keyboard displays in Chrome browser - The on-screen keyboard is displayed by Windows even if the Type Cover is attached. At this time there is no permanent fix for this issue, other than using a different browser such as Firefox. * Bluetooth struggles when multiple peripherals are connected - As mentioned above, there is a high level of Bluetooth dependency as a result of the single USB port. However, if more than one device is connected, this becomes a challenge as the Bluetooth does not seem to have enough bandwidth to support my Razer Orochi mouse and Jawbone Icon HD headset. * * * * ********************************* *** Final Words *** ********************************* So does this leave us with the SP3, a MacBook, an iPad or some other device? Because what I am going to say might insult some people, I am going to caveat that all of this is my own personal opinion - which is totally worthless anyway. Why have you read all the way down to here, hey? Just as I did with my review of the Canon 50mm 1.2 (http://www.amazon.com/review/R3UK3CGPJHNLIA/ref=cm_cr_dp_title?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B000I1YIDQ&nodeID=502394&store=photo), I deliver my summary short and sharp: 1. If you are a content consumer - meaning that your main use case is to play Angry Birds, watch movies, Facebook, Instagram, check your email and browse the internet, then an iPad is far better suited for you than an SP3. Forget the Apple ads spruiking a person playing a piano app and doing other 'creative things' on the iPad - it is not a device for creatives. I have spent more than an hour on the iPad trying to save JPEGs from an email, paste them into a Word document, and then sending an email attaching that Word document. It would take less than a minute on the SP3. 2. If you are in a corporate environment that is based on Mac, and you need to edit basic Word documents/presentations or have a certain level of complexity to writing your emails (eg. editing and including attachments), then a MacBook Air is probably better suited for you than an SP3. 3. If you are someone who needs a desktop replacement which sits at home and is a computing powerhouse or has a large screen for media, then the MacBook Pro 15-inch, Alienware, or other large screen laptop is better suited for you than an SP3. 4. So where does the SP3 sit? * Basically, all other use cases, and in particular any corporate office environment based on Windows. * Any creative who needs a stylus to work on-location, such as a designer or photographer. There is no MacBook or laptop that can fill this space. * Anyone who needs portability and computing power - but doesn't want the large size or weight of a MacBook Pro 15-inch or Alienware. If your use case falls into the above, then Microsoft has positioned well to place its flagship SP3 right into your space. Just as sitting in a meeting with the sleek SP3 will turn every head in the room, Microsoft has placed itself in a very unique and enviable position in the market.
RWTE3YN7MZN2E	5.0	Truly shocked how good this is	24	26	First let me state my biases. I am a long term Windows user, not out of any real love, but out of habit and necessity. I have an Android phone for which I do have real love. I dislike Apple though I admit it's more out of rebellion against the hipster hype than anything else - I can objectively see how they make beautiful products. When my ancient PC laptop died last month, I started researching for its replacement. I NEEDED something that could handle serious work (I'm not designing rockets or anything but I do create big spreadsheets and image-heavy presentations with lots of programs open all the time). I also NEEDED something that had a decent sized screen but that was also fairly light and portable. But I WANTED a tablet type interface with a touchscreen for my personal / fun usage. I looked at high-end ultrabooks, Macbooks, and the Surface Pro 3. With some trepidation, I pulled the trigger on the Surface. I resigned myself to another blah but at least predictable Microsoft experience. Boy, was I wrong. After two weeks of using it, I cannot believe how excited I am about a Microsoft product. Here are the things I like the most: - It is beautiful in sleek silver and black, unlike its predecessors. - It has laptop guts. The Intel i5 an i7 processors are fast enough for most people's work needs. - It has a large screen for a tablet, but is very light for a laptop. I find that I really can use it in both ways with ease. - The pen feels and writes like a real pen with the right friction and ability to rest your palm on the screen like you would on paper. The top button opens up the included Notes app with one click even if the computer is locked (you can write a new note, not read old notes when locked). You can also buy a wonderful app for 4 or 5 bucks that lets you create and mark up PDFs using the pen. For the first time in my life, I am paper free and take all notes electronically. - It boots from total shut down in 10 seconds. I couldn't believe it! - I know there is disagreement here, but after using it, I actually like Windows 8.1! I like being able to use the traditional desktop and with one tap, go to the new-style Start screen that is more like a modern phone or tablet that's fun to use. You can pin almost anything to that screen, not only apps but also pictures, individual contacts, live weather and news tiles, folders, even specific webpages. There are some cool new touch actions, including being able to swipe in from the left edge to drag back recently used apps, which you can snap into half the screen as well as the full screen. - I purchased the Office suite and it comes with 1 TB (Terabyte!) of free space on OneDrive, the MS Cloud storage. That's plenty of space for me to use it as backup space instead of external drives or paid backup services, and I'm also using it to transfer large amounts of files from other computers instead of messing with USB cables. It also lets me automatically backup camera roll pictures from both the Surface and my Android phone into one combined picture folder on OneDrive. - The Music app without a hiccup imported all my itunes music and even my itunes playlists and allows me to listen to it all on my Android phone. Finally! Liberation from the shackles of itunes / ipod. Of course it isn't perfect. The keyboard is somewhat flimsy if you're comparing to a laptop and the mousepad just isn't precise enough for some fine-tuning things like resizing or dragging small text boxes. And you have to pay extra for the keyboard which sucks. The Windows Apps store is currently pretty bare compared to Apple's or Android's. And you just get the feeling that Microsoft hasn't quite figured out the laptop / tablet or work / play or old school / new school hybrids yet and once in a while you feel the Frankenstein nature of it. But all in all, this is very good and a unique offering in the market if it's what you are looking for.
R21QMQFZH7E2H8	5.0	Never thought I’d say this, but awesome job Microsoft. You’ve hit it out of the ballpark with the Surface Pro 3.	24	26	I usually buy everything I possibly can from Amazon – gluten free groceries, grill parts, electronics, and on and on – but I bought the Surface at an MS store in New Jersey, and I am glad I did. Very helpful store personnel – my wife and I already had a “personal trainer” help us become familiar with the Surface and 8.1, which is new to us. I’ve had the SP3 (i5, 8gb ram, 256gb storage) for 2 whole days, so it’s still early, but so far I am really impressed. This is an ultra light laptop that doesn’t compromise on anything. And it is does a nice job as a tablet as well. But do not compare it to a tablet (I have an iPad 4, and the SP3 is in a different category entirely). It is a fully functioning, high end computer, with a gorgeous screen and a brilliant keyboard. I don’t have the technical background to go in depth about all the SP3’s features – other reviewers have done a great job doing that. But it fit my wife’s needs perfectly. She is retiring from her job, giving up her company pc, and she wanted a laptop, but she also was interested in a tablet. The Surface was the answer. And Windows 8.1 is awesome. I recommend buying the bundle that includes the keyboard, Office 365, and Complete, which is a protection/enhanced warranty and training service. I got an even better discount because I am a teacher; so if you buy an SP3 remember to tell them you are in education. Thanks Amazon for letting write a review even though I did not purchase the Surface from you guys.
R2Q2AJ91XY34UI	5.0	Revised: Wi-Fi problem not a Surface problem.	15	15	EDIT: I'm raising this to five stars. Long story short, the WiFi problems were not the fault of the tablet. It is a fantastic piece, and I recommend it highly. There are a couple of things you should know: DO buy the keyboard; you'll need it if you ever need to do a USB/CD rescue disk bootup. DO upgrade your router (if you haven't already) to a dual-band 11AC router. The Surface doesn't work as well with 11N single-band (2.4) routers. So you will have a few extra costs, but they are worth it. Original review: I wanted to give this 5 stars, but am tempted to give it one star. I'm giving it 3, because so much of it is good, but the bad part is so bad as to make this piece almost useless. If I weren't buying it for my wife, who is just learning on it as her first computer, I would return it. Fortunately, I have better real PCs. Main problem: the WiFi. Much noted on many forums and on the reviews here on Amazon. I mean, really bad WiFi. I don't have a/c, I'm still on n, but just the same -- our Windows phones register 24 Mpbs on the upload meter. My Y500 laptop, on a hard-wired connection, registers 52 Mbps. Router is a Netgear WNR2000v4. (It just had a firmware upgrade, but that did not help.) With the SP3, WiFi speed varies depending on whether the unit is on battery or plugged in, which by itself creates a problem. How many people are always going to have the unit plugged in? The download speed varies between 0.19 Mbps (yes, that's a number zero before the decimal point), to 5.49 Mbps. On battery, the speed is always below 1 . Mbps. This is really unacceptable. I would send it back if I hadn't bought it for my wife, who is not going to be streaming video and is unlikely to be a power user. We can do that on the Gaming PC if we need to. But come on! $1500 for a portable machine that depends on WiFi, and has the worst WiFi performance of anything on the market? I tried installing my Netgear WiFi dongle, but it won't work on Windows 8. There is also a converter available, so you can hook an ethernet cable to the USB port, but then the rig is no longer portable. This really stinks. I'm only giving it 3 stars because it is the only true Windows hybrid out there, and the only one I can use in Desktop mode for maintenance, and my wife can use like her phone, in swipe-screen mode. The forums are replete with posts about the WiFi problem. Microsoft has issued multiple hardware and firmware updates (most recently today), but still to no effect. They should recall the machines and replace the lousy Marvell chips that they are using for WiFi. I'm attaching a photo of the string of speed tests I've done over the last couple of days. Higher speeds are on AC power. Lower speeds are on battery.
R1LCU32ILPVXLZ	5.0	The Perfect Hybrid Mobile Device	32	36	I had VERY high expectations for the Surface Pro 3 and after two weeks of use it has certainly met those lofty expectations. It is just as light and thin as all of the major tech bloggers said and the performance is fine for what 95% of what the device's target audience needs. On the subject of target audience. Here's what you need to understand. The Surface Pro 3 is NOT the best ultrathin laptop money can buy and it is not the best tablet money can buy. That being said, I do think that the Surface Pro 3 is however the best compromise between the two form factors that has ever been designed. After three attempts Microsoft has finally created a near perfect hybrid mobile device. The Windows 8 Dilemma... If you hate Windows 8/8.1 and you won't even consider using it then not only is this device not for you but trying to use any other operating system on the SP3 (i.e. Windows 7) totally doesn't make sense because then the touch screen is pointless. If you are middle of the fence regarding Windows 8 then this form factor will give you that "Ah! Now I get it!" moment that Microsoft has been trying to market to people and you will quickly realize that you owe Microsoft a HUGE apology. If you already love Windows 8 then you're going to love it even more after using it with the Surface Pro 3. So why would you want/need one? It really depends on your specific use case(s). Anyone involved in sales and marketing? Yes. Definitely! Teachers/professors? Yes. Doctors, nurses or anyone that works in the medical field? Yes. Building engineers, construction foreman? Yes. Analysts, people that are in a lot of meetings doing brainstorming sessions and whiteboarding. Yes. Artists, Designers? Yes. Students? Yes. People who walk around warehouses, shipping yards, department stores and need to keep track of inventory? Yes. A software developer/engineer? Maybe. An accountant/lawyer? Maybe. Hard core gamer? No. Blogger/writer who needs to use it on their lap more than 50% of the time? No. Someone who spends most of their time at home and just wants to check email, Facebook, Twitter, watch Netflix etc.? No. An elementary school kid? No. Your grandmother? No. An Apple fanboy? No. Definitely No. If you really don't plan on using the device in laptop mode on your lap ALL THE TIME (which most people don't) then you will be perfectly happy with the typing experience. The keyboard, while somewhat small and cramped, is much better than any other keyboard of this size. It is not and never will be better than a built in keyboard that comes with traditional laptops. But here's the thing if you're not going to be using it on your lap all day then you can technically use any keyboard you want! The beauty of it is that for the rare cases when you do need to use it on your lap it's perfectly fine. I've seen MANY people with keyboards for their iPads and not only are those keyboards inferior to the Surface's Type Keyboard but iOS is NOT a full fledged desktop operating system. When you attach a keyboard to the SP3 it actually becomes a fully functioning workstation and not just a tablet with a keyboard attached. The new stand in the back is an engineering marvel. You can adjust the angle of the SP3 to whatever works for you. There's no risk of it slipping or anything like that. The sturdiness of the hinge has like a tight hydraulic feel to it. Very impressive. Performance: Great. It boots up in like 6 seconds. If you aren't doing anything graphic or CPU intensive (video rendering, recompiling a huge solution in Visual Studio, migrating terabyte sized databases, editing a 2 gb image while watching Netflix etc.) you'll be totally fine. Display: GORGEOUS! There's no other way to describe it. It is just as good as if not better than Apple's retina display but with less glare. Expandability/Ports: It has a single USB 3.0 port. Mini DisplayPort which means you can hook it up to any monitor or TV (with an adapter if your hardware doesn't have a built-in DisplayPort interface). And it also has a microSD card reader so if you need more space you can add it. It also has an audio out port for headphones or external speakers. Another cool bonus? There's a USB port on the power adapter. Very clever. Storage: I HIGHLY recommend that you don't get anything less than 128 GB for storage. Even though most people store most of their stuff in the cloud you don't want to only have like 20 GB of free space on your machine after factoring the space taken up by the operating system, MS Office and a handful of other apps you might install. It's just nice to have a little extra breathing room. On the other hand I personally feel that even 256 GB and certainly 512 GB is somewhat unnecessary. Again, it depends on what you plan on doing with it but in my experience, if you need to store that much data on your local machine then you probably shouldn't be using a Surface Pro 3 or even a laptop for that matter. Let's not forget, no one is saving ripped DVDs and their entire music collections on their local machines anymore. Battery Life: You should be able to get through a full 8-hour day on a single charge assuming you aren't watching movies or trying to render/convert a bunch of high definition videos. When you do watch movies or play any graphics intense games then you're lucky if you get 4 hours. In addition, the top right portion on the back of the Surface gets VERY hot to the touch. Since this isn't where you would normally hold the device anyone it's not such a big deal. But it's still somewhat alarming especially when the fan starts to spin up. The fan is very quiet when it does finally spin up and that's the only real reminder that it isn't a pure tablet. If you are doing any of the aforementioned tasks then you aren't the target audience for this anyway. Sound: It won't replace your home theater speakers but it's got Dolby Digital audio and when watching scenes from a TV show or movie that are filmed with surround sound you actually kind of hear/feel it. It's a nice effect. Pen Input: It's CRAZY accurate! You CAN take notes and with the click of a button it gets converted to actual text. For more detailed specs just check out Microsoft's website. http://www.microsoft.com/surface/en-us/products/surface-pro-3 I had a guy from Long Fence come out to give me estimates for a fence we want to put up in our backyard. He had an iPad with a bluetooth keyboard. He could have used an SP3 in tablet mode WITH A PEN to go outside, take the measurements, sketch out a few diagrams and even write up an estimate WITH A PEN. And then when we sat down to enter all of my information he could do it using a nice keyboard. This is especially useful if his company uses a bunch of proprietary Windows desktop software for all of their engagements because then he's not just entering stuff into MS Word, Excel or Google Docs only to have to re-enter all of that stuff into whatever system Long Fence uses back at their offices. I was at the doctor's office. I had to fill out all the PAPER forms. There is NO doctor's office that I know of that uses an Apple operating system to track all of their patient information. They don't use Chrome OS or Google Docs either. Most are using Windows XP and some form of proprietary software application. The physicians assistant sat down with what looked like a 4 year old DELL hybrid transformer laptop that probably weighed like 9 pounds. She sat at a cramped table in the room feverishly typing all of my medical information and then had to keep flipping back and forth between a paper notebook to scribble additional notes. My wife is a certified financial planner. In addition to helping people out with their finances, planning retirement and giving investment advice she also gives financial education seminars to people of all different backgrounds but specializes in young federal employees and college students. Being able to have a mobile device like the Surface Pro 3 is a dream come true for her. It is the perfect companion for someone in her line of work. She's on the move, working a room full of people, presenting, typing/writing notes, checking email, scheduling meetings, putting together training/presentation materials, drafting/editing contracts and so much more. The Surface Pro 3 even has two 5 MP cameras (front and back) that are perfect for video conferencing. I could go on and on about the many use cases that the Surface Pro 3 would be the perfect device but I think by now you get the point. My final thought is this: As long as you don't hate Windows 8 (or are at least willing to give it another shot when used to it's fullest potential) then I can't imagine anyone hating this device. Even if you think that you might have overspent for something that you don't really need it's not like you're going to be left with something that's totally unusable. At the end of the day you will have a very powerful computer that does everything that a typical computer user needs to do (and then some). If you fit the target audience or even come close to fitting it then you will love the SP3. I hope this review help people make an informed decision before making their purchase.
R195WH2UQAVQ6X	5.0	I switched from a Macbook Pro and iPad to Surface Pro (now Pro 3) and I won't be going back--ever.	36	41	Pro tip: Don't buy this from anyone but Microsoft if you live anywhere within range of a Microsoft Store. Buy it straight from them, and get the Microsoft Complete warranty. It is literally the best warranty you will ever buy, and the helpfulness of their employees if you ever have a problem is second to none. Anything goes wrong, you will likely walk out with a brand new unit on exchange. I've been using the Surface Pro family of products for about a year now, and just recently upgraded to the new Surface Pro 3. For my full review of Surface Pro 1 and 2, which were very different beasts from Surface Pro 3, I refer you to my review: http://www.allthatnerdystuff.com/2014/05/25/review-surface-pro/ . Succinctly, my year of living with the Surface Pro family has been almost a complete joy, and particularly now, with Surface Pro 3, I can honestly say it's the best computer I've ever owned. Yes, it is better than my old macbook Pro. What's so great about it? I'll be succinct, but here are the top items: 1. It's light and easy to carry. Unlike my Macbook pro, which weighed 4.5 pounds, the Surface Pro 3 is a very lean 1.7 pounds. Even with the new Type Cover 3, it's barely 2.4 pounds, and less than half the thickness of my old Macbook. But there's more to this than just weight and girth: it's also a savings in that I no longer need to carry around another tablet for light duty computing--the Surface Pro 3 handles both duties in a single device. 2. It's powerful. With a Core i5 that can turbo (officially) to 2.6Ghz, and which will actually turbo to 2.9Ghz in short bursts, the Surface Pro 3 offers a lot of "oomph". It's dual core, and each core runs two threads, making it nearly equivalent to a quad core processor sans hyperthreading. It also has 8GB of RAM, literally as much as 8 iPad Airs combined, and an absurdly fast 256GB SSD. 3. It's compatible. Unlike iPad or Android tablets, this will run full desktop capable apps. I use mine to edit 1080p and 4k video using Adobe Premiere, and to composite VFX using Adobe After Effects. Suffice to say, I also use Photoshop and Illustrator extensively on this device. I can easily work with external drives thanks to the fast USB 3.0 port, and I have a solid workflow. Moreover, when I need additional screen real estate I can simply plug in the external 24" monitor at my workstation, or I can wirelessly connect to my 55" HDTV with Miracast to get a second screen. It works with any printer supported by Windows drivers, which means pretty much any printer. I use it with a Bluetooth Microsoft Arc Touch Mouse Surface Edition and a generic Bluetooth headset for when I want aural privacy. 4. It lasts and lasts and lasts. The battery life on this is as good as the battery life on a typical Android or iOS tablet, which is to say about 10 hours of normal usage. Like any other devices, harder workloads demand more power, but let's be honest: if you're going to be doing heavy duty rendering of video footage, odds are good you'll do it in a location near a power outlet. 5. OneNote, OneNote, OneNote. I'm a film school student in addition to a long time IT guy, and that means I have a serious need to document things. Class notes, diagrams, client work--you name it. With Surface Pro 3, I just tap the button on the pen and bang--OneNote opens and I jot down what I need to. And what's even better is that when you're in OneNote, just about everything else on the system takes a back seat, which drives battery life up even more. On my first day using Surface Pro 3 as my main device through 10 hours of classes (with a few brief breaks in between classes, of course), using OneNote almost exclusively throughout the day, I found that I ended that day with about 20% battery life remaining. Not bad for all day usage, and I got all my note written down. As a student, being able to WRITE notes rather than type them is very important, as studies have shown we tend to retain data better when writing it down than we do when typing it. In the two weeks since I upgraded to Surface Pro 3 from my previous Pro 2 (and Pro 1 before it), I can honestly say it is the best computer I've ever owned. It solves all but one of my complaints about the previous models (I wish it had a full sized USB port on both the left and right sides, for a total of 2). It runs fast and stable. Windows 8.1 is a joy to use on this device, and it meets my needs whether that means working with serious desktop apps or light duty tablet apps. Add the pen's incredible usefulness to that list and you have a sure-fire recipe for excellence. If you're worried about buying the Surface Pro 3, don't. I came to the Surface family from a Macbook Pro and an iPad, and it's more than met my needs. Microsoft is right: a light, fast, all-in-one device truly is the future of mobile computing. I won't accept anything less going forward, and neither should you.
R30USBUKGVUBP7	1.0	Microsoft Surface Pro3--A VERY expensive disappointment	53	62	My experience with the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 has been terrible. I purchased this version (512 GB, Intel Core i7) on March 11, 2015 because I wanted a very light, very fast computer. I travel a lot, and my old laptop weighed +8 lbs., which was physically difficult to transport. It was also getting so slow that it took 10 minutes to boot and open the programs I use most (Microsoft Office and Firefox). When the Surface Pro 3 first arrived, I was really pleased. It booted in under 10 seconds! But within a month,it lost the ability to connect to wifi (a very common problem, as I found out later--making it a very expensive doorstop, AFAIC). After multiple hours on the phone with Microsoft (retrying everything I had already tried), they finally agreed to send me a new one. Now the new one is acting up. After a few hours of work, it has started shutting down my Internet browser and refusing to let me reopen it until it has rested for several hours. I spent a FORTUNE to buy this computer because it came so highly rated. I am deeply unhappy with it. Not only did I pay $1,700 for the computer itself, but I bought two docking stations, two monitors, and multiple accessories to tailor it to my work needs. I feel as if I wasted all of that money. I would NOT buy it again, and I am trying to decide if I need to bite the bullet and buy an additional laptop now. If you are considering buying this product, please google all the problems with it. I pride myself on doing my homework before I buy--but I clearly missed some important problems with this computer.
RPKG68GCQ4RMB	5.0	Finally a tablet you can work on	26	29	**** [UPDATE 4-30-2015] **** Just wanted to update this review to say that I like this tablet more now after nine months of use than I did when I first bought it. It truly is a remarkable device. I've fully integrated it into my daily personal and work life. Use it every day. Battery life is still amazing. I often go a full week between charges. I've noticed no performance degradation at all, and Microsoft has updated the firmware several times over the past nine months. It just keeps getting better. We've deployed several here at my office now. The app store is still improving and really looks to be bolstered with the coming Windows 10. Pen still works as well today as it did nine months ago... if anything my writing with it has improved. I work in IT, and I carry it with me all the time, and use it for IT log reports, etc. on site. Couldn't be happier. Microsoft truly hit this one out of the park. ----------------------- First Surface tablet I've purchased, bought it to be a "companion" to my laptop... mostly for mobility, writing, etc. Have to say, I am VERY impressed. I use it at work for meetings. The stylus pen is extremely smooth and it really feels like you're writing on a piece of paper. I wasn't expecting it to be so good, to be honest. Everyone at the table was asking to see my notes afterwards, to see how the pen wrote. LOL I personally love the form factor. The 3:2 aspect ratio is what I've been waiting for in a tablet, and this one delivers. The build is very solid. Even with "just" 4 GB of RAM and the i3 processor, the Surface Pro is fast, smooth, and responsive. I've fully integrated into my work network, etc. with no problems. The screen is gorgeous. You've probably read that before from others, and it's actually true. The biggest drawback is -- as others have mentioned -- the app store. Some of the existing apps just aren't as good as those on iOS or Android tablets. They seem like "add-ons" or afterthoughts. But the Windows App Store is much improved over where it was even a year ago, and it is getting better. I really hope the strong demand for the Pro 3 will help drive some more app developers here. On a positive note, the Bing series of apps (News, Weather, Sports, Finance, Health, etc.) are VERY good. I used them all and really like them. Once Microsoft full integrates their operating systems with Windows 9, the Surface will really come into its own. If you're looking for a laptop replacement, the Surface Pro 3 can do that. The screen is big enough, and you can do actual work on it, as it's full Windows 8.1. I do work on it every day with no problems.... even with the i3. With OneDrive integration, storage isn't an issue anymore. Microsoft has finally got one right. I've used Android tablets of various makes and iPads and this is better in terms of producing and working.
R33LZ13P0MQOV9	5.0	Excellent device	26	29	As an owner of the original Surface Pro, I realized the device was a compromise. The 16x9 aspect ratio left you in a position to work, but in a hampered fashion, as Office documents wouldn't fit a full page on the screen without scaling. The scaling in Desktop mode made working in things like Photoshop a pain, as you either had funky menus or you couldn't read the menus. The Surface Pro 3 has fixed much of this. I personally opted for the 256 GB with 8 GB of RAM model. If you are looking for a laptop replacement (assuming you buy the keyboard) and something that can double as a tablet, has the power to run all of your normal Windows programs and "apps," then you may want to give the Surface Pro 3 a real consideration. I would recommend going to the Microsoft Store, assuming you have one in your area (if not, Best Buy) and check them out. Both stores have good return policies and you should know well before the 30 day return period whether this is a device for you. Longer review: Opening the box is pretty much the same experience as opening the Surface Pro. The gray and white box, with minimal design cues, separates to show you a plain white box surrounding your new device. The power adapter is hidden away, coming out of a "hidden" compartment, forcing you to focus just on the device and the pen. It's easy to open and easy to get started. If you hate Windows 8, you will be happy, maybe, to know that the Surface Pro 3 comes with Windows 8.1 Update. What this does is returns the ability to know whether you want to start to the desktop (for desktops and laptops without touch), or the start screen (with the tiles) for touch devices. Since the Surface Pro 3 is a touch device, it will boot into the tiles menu but you can change this easily. When you press the power button, the Pro 3 powers up quickly, or very quickly depending on how long ago you walked away from the device. From a complete power off, where you tell the Pro 3 to shutdown, you can be at the Start Screen in less than 25 seconds. If you power off by pressing the power button (which was moved to the upper left instead of the upper left) or shutting your type cover, the Surface Pro 3 goes into a quick sleep mode. In this mode, when you press the power button or Start button, the device is on and ready to run instantly. Turn off log on when the Surface goes to sleep and it really is instant on. If you hate Windows 8.1 Update, then you will hate the Surface Pro 3. I would recommend you try it with the Surface Pro 3 before completely dismissing the OS. The SP 3 really does a great job showcasing just what Windows 8.1 Update is all about. Beautiful. The screen resolution is 2160x1440 native, meaning it is a 3:2 aspect ratio, not 16x9. For me, this is a really good compromise between 4:3 and 16x9 aspect ratios. The bad part of this AR is that 16x9 content will have black borders. The bonus for this, and the reason I think I'm in love, is that the screen now is shaped more like a tablet or paper. This makes taking notes with the new Surface Pen a dream come true. One Note is magical with a pen. One Note, with a device shaped like a real tablet of paper, is a magical dream with unicorns. The touchscreen uses N-Trig instead of Wacom. Having come off the Pro and 1024 points of pressure and dropping down to "only" 256 points I thought would be overly noticeable. The thing is... after spending time with Photoshop and One Note, I can't really tell than I have around 1/4 of the pressure sensitivity available. Really. So maybe the 1024 is a small bit of overkill? I am sure there are those out there that will notice the difference, but I struggle to feel or see a difference. I also don't spend my life in Photoshop and Lightroom, though I do love using both and am an advanced amateur with them. Turning the Surface from landscape to portrait mode switches as quickly as you expect and anticipate. One thing that bothered me at first, again coming from the Surface Pro, is they have moved the Start button that was on the bottom of the screen to the right side. This was done because the new type cover has an extra magnet in it that more firmly attaches itself to the Surface, creating a "triangle" shape in the rear of the keyboard, which means greater keyboard stability. After a few minutes with the new location, I'm pretty much fine with it. And since I'm using it more like a tablet of paper, in that configuration the button is still on the bottom. Only problem is, you can't use the keyboard in that configuration... which is OK as well since I use it in portrait for writing notes and drawing, so a keyboard isn't really needed... except in Photoshop which is a pain to try to use with a software keyboard. I sold my Surface Pro to buy the 3, so I am not sure if you can use all of the same accessories across models, such as the charger. It looks like it was redesigned and I'm almost positive that won't work. I've read that the keyboards work, but given the difference in aspect ratio difference, using an old keyboard will likely look a little ghetto AND you lose the ability of the keyboard to firmly attach on the SP 3, which is a big, big downside to the old keyboards. Battery life, for me, has been right around 8 hours on a full charge. This is watching YouTube videos, viewing photos, editing photos and general Internet browsing. The pen is simply amazing. The responsiveness I've experienced thus far is second to none in terms of feeling like writing on an actual tablet of paper. Using this in Photoshop, One Note and Fresh Paint really makes doodling on a computer, working on photos and taking notes... fun. I won't say I'd LOVE to work with this because you know, "work" is a four letter word, but it definitely makes things feel fresh. Another great function is the ability to click the pen and have One Note just open. This can happen whether the SP 3 is powered on or not. The downside is that not ALL of the buttons on the pen work in this mode, but you can easily take notes without any problems and they will synch to the last account logged in with One Note. Simply awesome. One thing I have to get used to though is on the Surface Pro you could flip the pen around and use the bottom as an "eraser." Now you have to push one of the buttons on the pen to get this capability. It took about 5 minutes to get used to, but once you are used to it, no problem. The hinge on the back is nothing short of an engineering miracle. You can literally put the SP 3 in almost any angle you want, completely blowing away the Surface Pro's one option and the paltry 2 settings for the Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2. When I first saw this on the unveiling, I was worried because it's a hinge that would need to take a beating. I'm pleased to report that I have not a single concern about the hinge failing, and with the nearly limitless configurability of the angle, you won't miss your laptop/ultrabook much at all. The new keyboard is fantastic as well. Tactile feedback is great and the backlight makes seeing it in the dark a breeze. The added magnet that firmly attaches the keyboard to the SP 3 forms a triangle at the base, meaning you have a much more sturdy connection for the keyboard, and in my lap and the hinge pushed back, I am struggling to see any bounding or limitation I didn't see on my ultrabook. Comparing this keyboard to the old Surface Pro keyboard, the old keyboard is laughable and in your laptop, laying flat, it was very difficult to use and the smallish size of the keys made using it a pain. Not so on the SP 3, at all. Cons/Downsides: The track pad is nicer than previous models, but still small which is a con. The other big con for me is that the keyboard is a requirement for using this as an ultrabook/laptop replacement, but it is a $130 addition. If you are buying a SP 3, buy a keyboard with it. On the downside, I think that the half baked attempt by Adobe to provide a more "tablet friendly" interface falls on its face and breaks its nose. Using the standard interface on a high DPI screen in Photoshop is doable, but certainly not ideal. During the Surface Pro 3 unveiling, it looked like MS and Adobe had solved this, and in fact it was a selling point for the SP 3. The problem is, in actual use, the workaround Adobe implemented makes using Photoshop annoying and much more difficult. For those not aware, Windows scales your icons and text to make them more legible on the SP 3 (and on high DPI displays in general). What Adobe has done, is they added an "experimental" option in the menus to scale Photoshop's menus by 200%. Well, once you enable this, when you open say, the Edit menu, you have to scroll down through all of the options, not everything is available to you anymore like it is without the scaling. You have to scroll down through the menus to have everything available. The images are cool and look great, editing is fun, but you have to chose between having all menu options available OR super small screen text. Another potential downside is Hyper-V support breaks the quick power on from standby capability. The Win 8.1 Update implementation of Hyper-V cannot support the new power mode, so it disables it, meaning your SP 3 feels more like a computer and less like a tablet. There are workarounds, but it's still a con in my opinion... IF you plan on using Hyper-V (most people won't, so it's more for us techy, geeky folks). One big annoyance is what is known as a Day One update. The SP 3 had some sleep and power issues during the press trial offered during the unveiling, and since the SP 3 was likely already deep in manufacturing at that point, it was unlikely the latest updates would make it onto the device. Sadly, this IS the case, so the first thing you will want to do, once you've turned on and setup the device is go and grab the updates from Windows Update. And be sure to check again after the first update. I had a couple minor Windows 8.1 Update updates to grab as well. This process easily added 30-45 minutes to the setup process, 30-45 minutes I was still over anxiously awaiting to tick away so I could "play" with my new technological marvel. Thankfully the Kid on Christmas feeling lasted well more than the initial setup and I'm happy, very happy, with my new laptop replacement. Overall: I love the SP 3. There are some compromises to be made and some caveats to work around, but overall it is an amazing device that offers a big screen (compared to other tablets, on the small side for a laptop but it's focusing on being an ultrabook replacement not a laptop) Near limitless angle on the hinge, being able to push the SP 3 down to a nearly horizontal angle, makes this a designer's fantasy come true. The power of a laptop in a tablet means you can throw just about anything at the SP 3 and be confident it will run without a hitch. High end gaming isn't really possible, but games look good enough for most uses. Pros include the updated keyboard, the fantastic pen, the beautiful display and the overall plain, simple FUN of using it. Cons include the keyboard not being included and Windows desktop mode scaling not being completely figured out for things like Photoshop (outside of PS, things like Office look and act wonderfully and are super easy to use). Highly, very, very highly recommended.
RKDHMJIZ5TKGF	5.0	Versatile, Convenient, and Stylish.	20	22	I bought the i5 8/256 GB version, after giving it a considerable thought. Had to replace my old heavy laptop, and needed something light (for my classes) as well as powerful (needed to install a statistical software, which can be quite demanding). I had a conventional 'ultrabook' in mind when I went out to purchase, but then saw the Surface Pro 3, and was intrigued by its apparent versatility, convenience and gorgeous screen. But I wanted to be sure, that the 'extra' features were not just gimmicks, but real value add. The store provided a 14 day no questions asked return/exchange policy, so thought I would give it a try. Fast forward 2 weeks, and I'm very satisfied with the purchase. The following are my observations - 1. The form factor is just amazing. It slips right into my bag, its very light, and ergonomically well balanced. The revised dimensions (3:2) also make it much more comfortable to read pdfs, and to use it as a tablet. 2. This is the first time I'm using a touchscreen on my laptop, and suffice to say, I would never want to use any screen without touch. It's just so convenient. 3. The feature of pen and one-note is amazing. It feels very real to write on the screen. After this, writing with those thick pointed styluses feels like from the stone age. I don't know why other products still have those thick styluses which are completely useless. Microsoft has gone one step further and optimally integrated the hardware and the software for a real practical writing experience - one click writing, palm rejection, immediate cloud savings, audio and video recording along with writing just to name a few. 4. I have to remind myself again and again that this is infact a full blown pc, with the full windows OS - which means that I can install any windows software. It took me a while to change my 'tablet' mindset. 5. For its screen size, surprisingly it feels quite light to use as a tablet too. The kick stand also comes quite handy when I want to use it as a tablet while lying down in bed. 6. It is aesthetically very appealing and well solidly built. It is apparent that a lot of thought has been gone into designing this product. This is the best feature of any apple product, and I think the secret of apple's success. It's good to know that other companies are also realizing how important this is. 7. Reasonably good post sales services - I had a few issues for which I called up the experts, and they were very helpful and resolved my issues satisfactorily. I know some people have had a bad experience, but for me it was good. Now some CONS - 1. There are still quite a few OS bugs - especially relating to integrating the desktop software and tablet software. It doesn't affect the performance of the system, but it can take a bit of time to master the OS and its features. For example I found out that the 'personalization' in the desktop mode will change desktop colors, but not the metro colors. To change the metro colors, I have to go to windows home screen, and then open 'personalize'. Also the toggle button (either through left swipe or windows+tab) will not allow me to toggle between programs opened in the desktop. For that I will have to rely on alt+tab. These issues though minor, are indeed irritating, and I hope that Windows 9 will provide a seamless integration between the metro software and the PC software. 2. The system does heat up from behind where the cpu is (top right corner), and a faint fan sound can be heard when reasonably heavy tasks are performed (in my case, when running a statistical software). Just to be sure that it was not heating up excessively, I installed a temperature monitoring software, and found that the temperatures were comparable to other ultra books (around 35 C when idle, 45-50C with moderate tasks, and 60-65C with heavy tasks). However, don't expect to play heavy games on this system. You can't play on any other ultrabook either for that matter. 3. Even though the typing experience is better than what I had imagined when I bought, it still falls short to that of well designed ultra-books. I do quite a bit of typing, so what I have done is that I have bought ThinkPad's Bluetooth keyboard separately (which is, IMO, the best typing experience that you can get in a compact keyboard). So when I'm at home I just disconnect the type pad, and connect the Bluetooth keyboard. 4. Reading PDFs - Though the screen is gorgeous when viewed from 15 inches away, I just wish it had a tad bit higher resolution, especially for reading PDFs and small text when reading in tablet mode (7-10 inches away). Still, its acceptable, and I've now migrated all my PDF readings to the surface. (I have an ipad retina too, but could never comfortably read pdfs on that since though the screen had a higher resolution, it was just too small for a pdf). 5. Lapability - OK a lot on this has already been written and talked about, so will make it short. It is be doable, but the weight distribution on the lap is uneven, and hence it is less comfortable and convenient. Overall am much satisfied with my purchase till now. The features are real, and not just gimmicks. It has the ability to replace both the laptop and the tablet, and though there will be compromises at both ends, but the benefits far outweigh such compromises.
RTR9SYT3TFRNV	2.0	HORRIBLE Customer Service	16	17	Note to readers: I tried to post this on the Microsoft Surface website but got rejected by the moderator because they view this content as inappropriate. I wonder why... I bought a Surface 3 the first week they came out in June. In September, the charger connection to the Surface had fraying wires coming out of it. Obviously, the device was coming apart after very easy use. I called Microsoft. They were very nice, said they would send a new charger to arrive within 5 days. It never showed up. I called back. They said whoever helped me the last time had entered the request as a request for a whole new tablet, not just the charger portion. After 30 minutes on the phone, the tech told me he had it covered and I should expect a new charger shortly. I then got a call back a few hours later saying I needed to call back for some reason to get the device shipped. So I called back and the new tech said there were system updates going on and that nothing could be shipped at that time, but I could go through the process of self help on the web to solve my problem. Well, the web doesn't have a process for fixing a fraying wire. While talking to the tech, he would become unresponsive for long periods of time, but I could hear typing. It was clear he was doing double duty as a phone guy and an online chat guy so. [More about that later.] I finally got so frustrated by his non-responsiveness, I hung up. I tried the online chat. That's even more frustrating. The tech on that process admitted he had several chat conversations going on at the same time, so it took 5 minutes for him to respond every time I responded. It's now 45 days later and I still have a dangerous frayed wire. Unbelievably bad service. I called back again. Got a very well informed tech who says my new power cord will arrive in the next 5 to 7 business days. We'll see. Is Microsoft trying to run us around so much that we give up?
R17D7LZSRLJ1PQ	5.0	Astounded Microsoft got something right!	16	17	I owned the Surface RT prior to this and was pleased with it. However the Surface Pro 3 blows it out of the water! I chose not to get a surface Pro or Pro 2 when they first came out because of how large they were. Microsoft got it right with the Pro 3. It is as thin as the RT but with more screen area. They moved the soft start button to the right bezel getting rid of the annoying accidental taps when trying to swipe up from the bottom (where it was previously located). Better yet it runs full Windows 8.1 which means I can download Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Adobe Reader XI, and a slew of other full feature software programs. The upgraded touch type keyboard is more comfortable to use. The stylus is extremely versatile and makes reading and highlighting texts for school a cinch. Being able to easily sync everything using my Microsoft OneDrive is also great. I didn't have to down;load apps again, they just transfer over with a click. I am usually loathe to pay compliments to Microsoft but I am a bit dumbfounded by the Surface Pro 3. It actually does what it says it will, is stable, and easy to use. If you have not used Windows 8 yet it will take getting used to but once you get it you will see how intuitive it is with touch input and stylus.
R3K89T7ZU7AMKJ	1.0	Don't buy a Surface Pro 3 on Amazon!	65	79	Why you don't want to buy a Surface Pro3 or any Microsoft products on Amazon. I bought a surface pro 3 in December from this seller and it worked fine. Fastest windows computer I have ever used. I bought the docking station and plugged in the Surface Pro3. The next day the Surface Pro3 was dead and the battery would not charge. I called Microsoft and asked to exchange it for a new Surface Pro 3 and was told that if I had bought it at a Microsoft Store I could exchange it for a new unit. Think about it, just like the way the Apple Store works. Since I bought it from Amazon they sent me a free shipping label to return it and get a refurbished unit. The replacement Surface Pro 3 would not even boot. Had to call Microsoft Support to get it running. After it booted, I just login, and come back in 2 days and it is hung. This is with the factory load, I have not added anything to the unit other than setting up my login. Expensive lesson learned. Gotta go, I have my weekly call with Microsoft Support.
R1ZXBYS56QTMMH	4.0	So far I'm really loving it	30	35	I stepped up to the pro 3 from the 2. 8gb ram 256ssd. The only thing that disappointed me a bit was that some games than ran pretty well on steam were laggy on the 3. I suspect it's because of the increased resolution, but I don't know for certain. I didn't really get it for gaming as I have a ginormous Asus notebook for that. Still would have been nice. Regarding the other things i'm very happy. It does fit quite well on an airplane tray table with the keyboard clicked in to the bezel and the kickstand opened minimally. In tablet mode with keyboard detached its great. Like the pro2 you can fold the keyboard underneath to allow the tablet to sit up if you have a small space to prop it up. the mouse is VASTLY improved and actually functional. It does actually have a left and right click button underneath the trackpad or you can do a two finger tap for right clicks. Scrolling isn't bad at all with two fingers, but I like touching the screen for that anyhow. the pen is great, inks really well. the buttoncell batteries for the pen are pre-installed into the top quarter of the pen so you only need install the AAAA battery. There are instructions on the Microsoft website for changing out the button cells, but I imagine they last a very long time. the unit feels very light (for its size mind you). I'll update later as I use it more. The keyboard is a bit cramped, but I agree with the professional tech reviewers, it's not the best for extensive typing. fair bit of flex as well. kickstand is wonderful makes it so easy to put the device at any angle. The inking is quite good, best I've seen as far as handwriting goes. I know it's not the best tablet, but it is a hybrid after all. I like being able to review my emails in outlook while using the unit as a tablet and being able to read or watch movies or play some games. It's just so flexible in what you can do. It will never replace my laptop (not for me) but my laptop is very powerful and VERY heavy. Aside from games or heavy video/photo editing it meets most of my computing needs quite well. design and build quality is very good. Everyone should also know that there are two version of internet explorer, the tablet version that is finger friendly and the desktop version (needed for certain applets, java, etc.). You can go to the Microsoft website and download the user's manual to really get a better idea of what to expect as far as functionality goes. I like it better than using a MacBook air (I have a powerbook so I know of the quality of apple computers). I like being able to use my finger to scroll webpages, nothing beats it. Still you need a mouse for some website menus to work properly if that site is not optimized for tablets (and many are not). If you want the best tablet software, don't look here! Maybe someday, but nothing outstanding. I think IT professionals will find this unit very attractive. Also be aware, some fonts in windows or other programs are so tiny you need a freakin magnifying glass to see them and that is a bit annoying, but it's not that much stuff that's like that. YES too big and heavy to hold in one hand unless you are a bodybuilder or linebacker. It's great on the couch though where you can rest it on your lap in tablet mode. It feels less like an oversized Hershey bar (i'm looking at you surface pro 2) and more like an elegant piece of technology. IF you want a product with incredible flexibility in user interface/portability and the ability to run true desktop programs (not crappy tablet equivalents) then this is the unit for you. Not that iPads don't have kick-ass software, they do but they will always be limited to what a tablet can do. Does this have garageband? N0 but I can run cakewalk on it and use my midi interface! Who cares about garage band when you can do that! Perfect? No. Excellent quality? Yes. Incredible Flexibility? Yes. Lightweight? Yes (by ultrabook standards) Keyboard appropriate for writing the great American novel? No. Honestly, I wouldn't mind a slightly heavier/bulkier one with better key travel. Hope this review helps someone! update: For a pretty good analysis of the entire system you should check out the anandtech article. It seems like a well balanced analysis [...] After using the unit for about 5 days now I can say that I am still very pleased. Regarding microsoft's claim that the fan isn't even noticeable i'd have to say um, okay NO. during web browsing, no problem. Play "minion run" from the app store in tablet mode and the fan is quickly producing Category 2 winds from the right side of the unit and the top right corner can melt cheese. Now minion run is pretty graphically intensive, true, and it does run very smoothly, but it's a load on the machine. If you read the anandtech article you'll see some possible reasons why it has more of a gaming problem (including display resolution of course). Wifi connection has been quite good, no problems noted. (UPDATE! SEE BELOW) if using the unit in bed the positioning experience is far better than any tablet I've ever owned. Outlook is MUCH easier to use and far less cramped than on the pro2, in fact all the office apps feel better and more like a desktop experience. When the keyboard is magnetically hinged to the bezel it is harder to touch items on the taskbar in desktop mode and you may find yourself needing to you use the mouse to activate them. Volume rocker is a bit stiffer than I would like, but once you activate it you can use the onscreen slider on the left hand side to make large volume changes more easily. Update: as of 7/8/2014 MANY people, including myself, are having wifi disconnect issues when the unit wakes from sleep mode and is NOT connected to a power source. It's a bit of a pain in the butt because you have to keep opening the charms bar and disconnecting and reconnecting the network. Microsoft is apparently well aware of this problem and allegedly there is a fix in the works for this month. Still a bit disappointing on a device this high tech and this pricey.
RX2HYURYJ1LOQ	5.0	No Competition for mobile illustrator/designer/web	11	11	I've owned the SP3 256 i7 model for almost a month now and I've never felt more mobile. As an illustrator/designer, this is THE tool for me. I work with a Cintiq on my desktop at home to do digital drawings and paintings, design work on Illustrator and Photoshop, and web development. I wanted to be able to work on projects away from my desk and use my desktop software no matter where I was. I looked into the various Cintiq companion versions, but I have heard really mixed things about them. The biggest draw back of the hybrid and similar tablets is lack of full desktop app versatility. I want to be able to use the full versions of Adobe Creative Suite and Manga Studio, but that isn't an option on the android platform or windows 8 RT devices (which is why the iPad was never even considered, just a gloried youtube display IMO). Blobby rubber "smudge stick" stylus' won't cut it for my line of use. I was aware of and extremely tempted to purchase the SP2. The great price for the upper end models, and it's fairly good reviews from artists and designers, were a big draw. But I took the display aspect ratio complaints seriously, I definitely appreciate the improved screen real estate and the fact that more raw power was available in the SP3, I didn't want my investment to be obsolete so soon after my purchase. I'll get my minor complaints out of the way now, because I plan to quickly overshadow them with praise: It's almost too sensitive - as a functioning multi touch tablet, I have found that my palm will sometimes register before my pen tip while I'm drawing and cause what I call "ink blots" to occur on my canvas and I'll switch to the eraser to clean it up fairly frequently. I also end up scrubbing my drawing around the screen because it thinks I'm dragging with a multitouch gesture. I will occasionally be sent to the start menu when my drawing hand accidentally rests on the windows button the right side too. Drawing on a glassy surface doesn't feel natural either. I've found that having a screen protector sheet on the SP3 gives it a more natural toothy texture and acts as a decent buffer in sensitivity. I recommend installing one if only for that purpose. Where does my pen go?! - The keyboard is a necessity. The fact that it's not packaged with the computer is a sin in itself, never mind the substantial additional price tag for it. But if you don't get the keyboard there is literally no where on the device to hold the pen. Even with the case, I would attach it to the left side so that it was on the top while I stored it in portrait position. But I'm right handed, which meant when I had the keyboard/case open and I wanted to draw, I would have to remove the pen from the left side and relay it awkwardly to my drawing hand. Where's the intuition? There are cheap "pen loops" available on amazon that will work around this issue, but it should have been thought of in the design. And that's it. Now for the glory! The display resolution is AMAZING. Everything from viewing comics to videos to games looks beautiful and crisp. Reading is a joy. It's bright and clear and solid color settings. The more square form factor is much preferable to work on than theater wide screen dimensions of some tablets and tools. It is similar enough to working on copy paper. The kickstand is so adjustable! Even my cintiq only has so many tilt degrees to choose from, but the SP3 kickstand allows me to work at an angle that feels just right no matter if I'm typing, drawing, or watching. So much (battery) life! - I'm hoping this stays nice over time, but right now, as a drawing/painting tool, I've found I only use about 10% of the battery per hour! That's an astoundingly long life to go without plugging in!! It's longer than a full work day. I laugh in the face of the days I brought my heavy 15" laptop around and tried to get things done only to have a totally drained computer in 2 hours and no outlet in sight. Also good to note is the power cables are compact, and magnetic. Triple A - if you wanted to, you could play blockbuster game titles on this thing and have a decent time with it. Borderlands 2/Prequel had a little bit of screen stutter on medium settings, but it was totally playable. CS GO, DOTA2, Diablo 3, SC2, The Walking Dead, all handle superbly on high settings on this machine. No Nvidia Experience game optimization unfortunately, the i7 handles the the graphics processing here. Sounds great! - Simply delicious sound. Louder than my laptop, front facing stereo speakers deliver punchy sound with great range. The well placed headphone jack makes personal sound options easy too. The pen is mightier! - I don't know how they did it, I figure it has something to do with the sensitivity in the screen itself in combination with the sensors in the pen, but I don't notice any less response than I get on my Cintiq! The onenote button is a lot of fun. I haven't "taught" windows my handwriting yet (I am a faster typist), but it's a fun feature. The buttons are great. I actually prefer the eraser as a side button now. It is quicker than flipping the physical pen over and scrubbing. Expandable - With plenty of cloud storage (drive, DB, and onedrive) 256gb has been more than enough for me to install my tools and save my documents. One great feature is the microsd slot in the back. Throw a high capacity, top shelf chip in there, and you'll technically add a whole other drive to your machine! Smart Glass - Not exactly super productive in most cases, since my xbox has its own netflix and hulu apps, but I can fling my app screen/music/videos onto my tv through my xbox and smart glass. Pretty fun. USB 3.0 - FAST. I plugged in a usb drive and transferred 7gb of video and photo files in about 1.5 minutes. That's nuts. There's only 1 port, so if you want to plug multiple devices in, use a hub. Wireless - with bluetooth and built in wifi it's easy to connect to other devices wirelessly. I was a little unconvinced by the commercials I've seen for the product, but it has been thrilling throwing this puppy into the work I do and seeing it deliver killer performance. The SP3 is the bridge to my productivity and workflow. It is a fully functioning, very powerful device with the computing capabilities of my desktop/laptop in the wonderful form of a slim, lightweight portable tablet. I often find myself using it instead of my desktop even when I'm at home! Funny story - I was at a software company summit this week (we use mac computers at all our work stations and work with a fairly ipad/iphone saturated professionals). They laughed about being interviewed about surface use with our clients and the low figures. I laughed at their ignorance. While this exists, ipads and other "tablets" are as good as rock slabs.
R2T2JO5ZWEMHNZ	5.0	Third Try Works--Great for Windows Users	35	42	The product was released yesterday in Canada and I went out to Future Shop and was that store's first buyer for the unit. They had to search for it from the back to sell me one from their first shipment. I have it now for 24 hours and am ready to report that the previews from professional reviewers have been accurate. It won't be your desktop replacement and it won't replace a true blue tablet, but for the traveler and those who need a full-scale Windows PC and an occasional tablet, it's close to perfect. Let me get the gripes out of the way: Windows 8.1. I've been using W8.0 and 8.1 since they came out but I still immediately downloaded ClassicShell and installed it. The new 8.1 UI just doesn't cut it for me. I need my Computer (My PC) icon often for the first few weeks of any PC as I personalize the various setting beyond what's available in the Control Panel. Secondly, the battery life is only so-so--seems like 6-8 hours. Not quite tablet territory but it's good enough for the business user for the day without carrying the charger brick around and that's sufficient. Now, what's good: 1. It's only slightly heavier than my Samsung Note 2 10.1 and it's full-function Windows! 2. Start up from scratch is within 15 seconds. Wake up from sleep is as fast as any tablet. 3. The new keyboard is ingenious. The rigidity is good enough and the key placements are intuitive. I have been using a Lenovo Yoga 2 for a year now and I still hit the wrong keys all the time. Not with this keyboard that I'm using now. The slight fold to give it a tilt is amazingly simple and effective. It does make touching the bottom icons a bit awkward but, hey, there is a good touch pad! My only gripe is the two-key function keys but I got used to it fast and we do have to realize it's a compact design. Touch type is totally acceptable, better than any detachable keyboard I've ever used. Pricey and extra but great design. 4. Smooth screen scrolling. The first Surface touch screen was not the best (never bothered with Surface 2) and this one is smooth and sensitive. 5. The pen is easy to use. The first time you use the pen it gives you a 15-second tutorial on how to use the buttons. It uses a cloth holder with a glue tape that you attach to the cover. It seems to hold it well but the durability remains to be seen. Downside is that if you detach the keyboard then you have to make sure you put the pen in your pocket. It seems a bit silly because when you don't have the keyboard is when you need the pen the most. However, this is insufficient as a flaw to knock off a star. 6. I save the best for the last: the display. I'm outside in the backyard typing this. It's sunny and I can see the screen with shades on. The display is fine and bright; 1440, I think. This beats most ultra books out there for sure. If you're like me who use multiple windows open side by side, the aspect ratio and the fine display make it feasible on such a small unit. I fly weekly to go to work. This baby will surely go with me. Since it's a tablet, and Canadian airlines now allow digital units (but not notebook computers) to be used at all time with airplane mode, I can use this uninterrupted throughout the flight without having to compromise full Windows functionality. Highly recommended for those who don't mind the slightly higher price and would appreciate a full-function and compact PC that can double as an occasional tablet.
R3C4UCARHT9MPH	1.0	Too many issues with this tablet.	38	46	Hi. I got the surface pro 3 and sadly after hardly few hours of use, I saw a yellow tint line on left side of screen (when held in landscape orientation). I came to know that this issue is very common with SP3 (even 2 display pieces at local bestbuy have the horrible yellow line on them!). I asked for a replacement, the replacement itself has terrible hardware performance issues (crashes, hangs while updating, fails to pair with pen, fails to setup right after reset, fails to handshake with 2 microsoft wireless display adapters that I have). After months of saving every penny, I got a device which is causing me to waste my time on it. Its been a liability rather than business advantage for my work. Very disappointed. Faith shaken on Microsoft. Update as of 25 Jan 2015: Went to microsoft store, got an exchange. The SD card reader did not work. Read forum, updated driver. The unit works fine now other than occasional wireless card failure while waking up surface from sleep. Happy for now, hope I get to stay happy...
R7T47ZKYDQRFP	5.0	25 Year IT Developer / Management - I'm sold	13	14	I am one of those tech geeks that has to try everything. IPhone, Samsung S series, Note, Galaxy Tabs, original Surface, etc. I am always looking for the next big thing. This very well may be it. I am using it as I type this review. In fact I pretty much take it everywhere now. My rMBPro has been on the screensaver screen for at least 2 weeks. My iPad is crying tears from being so lonely. About the only thing I still use is my Alienware rig for some hardcore gaming. This device pretty much replaced them all. So here we go: I purchased the i5 version with the 128 MB (256 was sold out). I went ahead and purchased an extra SD Card to make up the difference (I highly recommend the 256 GB model). Windows runs like a charm. I never have had an issue with 8 or 8.1. They run what I use and in all honesty it never BSODs on me. As far as software: - Windows Office Pro 2013 - Visual Studio 2013 - PhotoShop 2014 - Eclipse for Java and JAVA of course - Notepad ++ - you get the idea.... I wasted a lot of space for this stuff but it all works great. I installed Splashtop Streamer on my other devices (Mac, Alienware) and can access them from this thing with ease. I run CISCO AnyConnect and VMWare for work connectivity as well as standard MS VPN connections which all work very well. All of this works like a charm. Like others I am not a big fan of the touchpad on the keyboard. The keyboard itself is fine, and very responsive. I purchased one of the Bluetooth Slim MS Mice that flatten (love that thing). Basically, it runs EVERY SINGLE THING I need. I am able to develop (minus trying to run SharePoint on a non-server which I hate to do) to my hearts content without any issues. It does not run hot or even warm. I can take it to any room in the house and do ACTUAL WORK!!!! Now, being a developer I am also an avid gamer. I just had to give it a try. Here is what I have running on it. - World of Warcraft - Diablo 3 - Terraria - Minecraft - Path of Exile - Windstar - Don't Starve - Skyrim Believe it or not every one of these games works. Most work great. Skyrim and Windstar required some tweaking but they run just fine and minus any hard core raiding or uber hard dungeons I can do what I want to do and have fun doing it. The WiFi connects throughout the home. We have 3 floors and I haven't found a dead spot yet. As for the tablet part.... Well why would I play tablet games when I can play the games I love? I have a few tablet apps but for the most part I just run everything through Windows. A few things: I have not stress tested this thing and really made it work hard. I have compiled some mid sized applications without issue and can do .NET development with ease. I also have it hooked up to a 70" TV (via HDMI mini) and it works great. The USB 3.0 came in handy for my external drive so I guess I essentially have 2 TB as I roll around. I can find no reason to not buy open of these devices. College students will find this does everything they need. Business users will find it fast, responsive, and able to run all the applications they need to do their jobs. The only group that will have issues are the A/V and Graphic folks. I would recommend the i7 when it comes out. I can do simple UI design and web page layouts with PhotoShop but I probably wouldn't try anything to massive. 10/10
RURY5VDQUXGXH	5.0	Surface Pro 3 Works Well	30	36	The product was released yesterday in Canada and I went out to Future Shop and was that store's first buyer for the unit. They had to search for it from the back to sell me one from their first shipment. I have it now for 24 hours and am ready to report that the previews from professional reviewers have been accurate. It won't be your desktop replacement and it won't replace a true blue tablet, but for the traveler and those who need a full-scale Windows PC and an occasional tablet, it's close to perfect. Let me get the gripe out of the way: Windows 8.1. I've been using W8.0 and 8.1 since they came out but I still immediately downloaded ClassicShell and installed it. The new 8.1 UI just doesn't cut it for me. I need my Computer (My PC) icon often for the first few weeks of any PC as I personalize the various setting beyond what's available in the Control Panel. Secondly, the battery life is only so-so--seems like 6-8 hours. Not quite tablet territory but it's good enough for the business user for the day without carrying the charger brick around and that's sufficient. Now, what's good: 1. It's only slightly heavier than my Samsung Tab 2 10.1 and it's full-function Windows! 2. Start up from scratch is within 15 seconds. Wake up from sleep is as fast as any tablet. 3. The new keyboard is ingenious. The rigidity is good enough and the key placements are intuitive. I have been using a Lenovo Yoga 2 for a year now and I still hit the wrong keys all the time. Not with this keyboard that I'm using now. The slight fold to give it a tilt is amazingly simple and effective. It does make touching the bottom icons a bit awkward but, hey, there is a good touch pad! My only gripe is the two-key function keys but I got used to it fast and we do have to realize it's a compact design. Touch type is totally acceptable, better than any detachable keyboard I've ever used. Pricey and extra but great design. 4. Smooth screen scrolling. The first Surface touch screen was not the best (never bothered with Surface 2) and this one is smooth and sensitive. 5. The pen is easy to use. The first time you use the pen it gives you a 15-second tutorial on how to use the buttons. It uses a cloth holder with a glue tape that you attach to the cover. It seems to hold it well but the longevity remains to be seen. Downside is that if you detach the keyboard then you have to make sure you put the pen in your pocket. It seems a bit silly because when you don't have the keyboard is when you need the pen the most. However, this is insufficient as a flaw to knock off a star. 6. I save the best for the last: the display. I'm outside in the backyard typing this. It's sunny and I can see the screen with shades on. The display is fine and bright; 1440, I think. This beats most ultra books out there for sure. If you're like me who use multiple windows open side by side, the aspect ratio and the fine display make it feasible on such a small unit. I fly weekly to go to work. This baby will surely go with me. Since it's a tablet, and Canadian airlines now allow digital units (but not notebook computers) to be used at all time with airplane mode, I can use this uninterrupted throughout the flight without having to compromise full Windows functionality. Highly recommended for those who don't mind the slightly higher price and would appreciate a full-function and compact PC that can double as an occasional tablet.
R2D6UP9UGQDQ6Z	4.0	Very nice product, but has its drawbacks	23	27	I felt the need to post my review here to offset some of the one star reviews that just left me dumbfounded... I didn't buy my Surface Pro 3 from Amazon, rather I bought it from Best Buy, because I wanted to deal locally in case something went wrong, since I heard that initial models had power issues, and it actually worked to my advantage. I had initially bought the 4GB model, because I wanted to replace my ASUS TF300T that was...terrible... and thought I would only use it as tablet. I found that I really wanted to use this as a tablet-laptop hybrid and started installing all of my desktop software such as Spotify, Dropbox, Tresorit, Steam, etc. I found that 4GB really was not enough for a huge laptop-like experience, since the Windows 8.1 OS itself took around 1.5 - 2GB of memory. So I was able to exchange it in for this model. My experience with the 4GB model was near flawless. The only issue I had was that the Surface Pen seemed to not pair properly. The Surface Pen has two battery types powering it. The AAAA battery that you have to insert yourself powers the pen being usable as a pointing/clicking device, while two small coin batteries inserted in the top of the pen power the blutooth pairing and the One Note specific features. After reading online, I found that buyers had a pretty good chance of the coin batteries not working properly. In my case, clicking the top would not always take me to One Note, and it would not display as "Paired" in the PC Settings. My experience with the 8GB model was a little more rocky. I first got it, and sometimes it would hiccup at first. I later found out this was because I had forgot to do updates, and Windows was automatically installing them. One of these updates was a firmware update that included an update to the Type Cover firmware. I spent around 30 minutes troubleshooting why my Type Cover wasn't working, only to realize a firmware update, which required a restart to restore functionality (the restart notification failed to pop up as well) was installed under my nose. This was annoying, but easily fixed by me selecting to install updates manually, so that I am aware of what is happening. Once I restarted the Surface to apply the updates, it froze on me after loading the OS. Since then however, it has been smooth sailing *knock on wood* The main pros of the Surface Pro are that, first and foremost, it has an Intel processor and an SSD. I have learned never to trust Tegra or any other type of processor, because they are simply incapable of doing heavy lifting, and in some cases lag even when watching videos. The SSD is also very nice. There is also plenty of screen real estate for a mobile device. The main drawbacks of the Surface Pro for me is the text size. I had to increase the Windows Fonts to their max level, otherwise I could not tap tabs in Chrome or easily read text without being close to the screen. Compared to other tablets of similar size, I would say that the default text in desktop applications is 50% smaller. Even after increasing the size, there are some rather small text displays, and Icons can sometimes be annoying to tap. Another drawback is when using the type cover, there is a magnetic strip that can attach the cover to the bottom section of the tablet. This makes tapping icons on the task bar annoyingly difficult sometimes, since you cannot tap it in such a way as you're used to. Since I use the type cover solely for typing and always use the touch screen instead of the trackpad, this is extra annoying for me. The silver-lining is that I have grown accustomed to using the home screen to bring up apps, or swiping from the left to bring up a minimized app. All in all a very nice to have. Is it worth the money? That depends on what it is being purchased for. For me, since I am a nerdy Software Engineer, it is like jewelry to me, but for what it is definitely worth the money. It is the most powerful tablet on the market (I believe) and matches the Macbooks in terms of specs. So you are getting a very high end form factor tablet and a decently high end laptop in one unit. That is definitely worth the cost in my book if that is what you need/desire.
R1ZLZ5PD71SBYF	5.0	Microsoft hit it out of the park with this one.....	9	9	I will leave it to the tech gurus to do a detailed analysis of this computer. My review will be from the point of view of an advanced computer layman . This is also in part going to be a review of microsoft. Since purchasing this about three months ago I have had countless people tell me that they've been thinking about buying one and wanting to know if I like it. I am guessing this means that their TV ad campaign is a success. The commercials certainly make this look as fun as all those Mac products we windows folks have drooled over. This computer IS fun. It is fun and it is powerful. It is uber portable and in many ways it IS the desktop replacement it is purported to be. I have some quibbles with it -- like most notably why a computer that claims to be a desktop replacement doesn't come with a keyboard. Utterly ridiculous. If they called it an ipad replacement then it would make sense. So far I've loaded photoshop CC and lightroom along with some plugins for both. Also loaded Office 2010 version. I am not gifted with the pen yet but I can't wait to get better at it because I have seen some outstanding work done in photoshop using the pen. I am an advance photoshop user and would love to bring my photo retouching to the next level using the pen. One of the features I most like about this surface is that you can easily switch back and forth between using the keyboard (if you purchased it) and using the touch screen. Both have their strengths and weaknesses within the surface environment. The touch screen is snappy and responsive and accurate. Lets talk about the kickstand.... I understand that previous incarnations of the surface did not have such a fully adjustable kickstand? This thing is perfect and makes the surface quite usable in just about any situation. I don't know how the kickstand will hold up over time, but for now it is quite tight and sturdy. It doesn't "creep" at all. Not even a little bit. The screen is a thing of beauty. I bought this laptop because I am a photographer and I needed something to work with when away from my big computer. Photos look gorgeous on this. Similar to how gorgeous they look on ipads. Crisp, glossy, well saturated. You'll drool. And if you aren't a good photographer, no worries.... this thing will make your photos look like master works. I haven't watched a video yet but as soon as I do I will amend my review. My guess is that I will be blown away. Now I want to say a word about microsoft's surface support. A couple of months after I purchased my surface I got a blue screen. The message was a dire one. Essentially there was no fixing the problem, rather I would just have to format the computer to factory defaults. I called microsoft and was prepared for frustration. To my surprise, their customer support folks could not have been any more patient and helpful. They explained how I could get the computer back up and running. It took hours and hours and hours and hours but the tenacious folks at customer support kept calling me back to see how things were coming along. When I finally got it restored to factory defaults I explained to them that although it was working, I no longer trusted it and I suspected that a bad hard drive had been the culprit. I told them I wanted a new surface. They completely understood and told me to call amazon to get a replacement. They gave me a case number so that Amazon wouldn't have to be stuck. Honestly I have rarely had such good tech support. The person I spoke with even called me back the next day to see how everything had gone with getting a replacement. Quite remarkable. Microsoft gets a fair amount of bad press so I wanted to relate my experience in case any of you are thinking of purchasing but are afraid to get involved with microsoft. What I would like to see in future incarnations of the surface would be a couple more USB 3 ports. One port just seems a bit limiting. And, of course, I'd like to see an included keyboard. And something other than windows 8 which I just find a bit maddening to deal with (this is my first foray into the window 8 world.... my desktop is win 7 as it the other laptop). I will definitely update this review if there are any more incidents either positive or negative. For now, even with the few quibbles, this is without a doubt (at least to my mind) Microsoft's finest accomplishment. BOTTOM LINE: a tad pricey but oh what a wonderful machine
R1NRO33ISFGMVB	5.0	This device has exceeded my expectations and is my favorite device on the market right now	9	9	I didn't know what to think of this device initially. Got it summer 2014, and had a older laptop, a iPad, and a iPhone. This device has exceeded my expectations and is my favorite device on the market right now. If your trying to replace a laptop, this is a fully capable device. It can do everything a laptop does plus more since you have a pen and can take the keyboard off. The only trade off is that it is not as good on the lap as a regular laptop. However, I still can use this on my lap easily enough to not worry about it. If your trying to replace an iPad. You might be disappointed because of a lack of apps in the app store. Microsoft definitely needs to work on bringing more apps to its store. But, I personally only use an iPad to surf the web, watch video , and look at photos; which all can be done on the surface. The huge difference between this and a iPad is having a desktop. And for me that's is way more useful than having apps. Since, u can use regular programs and have access to full websites not just the mobile. Also, having a regular cursor makes it ways easier to use office apps like word or excel. Trying to use office on the iPad is frustrating because you have to use touch for everything. The pen that comes with the surface is a necessity when navigating the desktop and makes things way easier when u aren't using the keyboard. Its pretty easy to use and a lot of functionality is built into the pen. The keyboard doesn't take long to get use to so u should be able to type pretty fast on it. The only issues I've had so far is that battery life could be better , and I wish the fan made less noise. However, I still would pick this device over anything else right now on the market. I never reach for my laptop or iPad anymore. If your getting this device for the desktop functionality you will be satisfied with buying this. If your getting this for mobile apps only, then just get an iPad. Overall, I think this is better than any laptop out right now. And with windows 10 coming, this device is only going to get better and better as more apps come and Microsoft perfects their windows 10 vision.
R2RWECCRRR7RE8	5.0	Every Student Should Own this Computer/Tablet Combo.	9	9	This Computer is the best piece of tech I have ever owned. I am currently a college student and I cannot believe that more students don't have these things. What makes the Surface Pro 3 perfect for ALL students is device is the best of both a tablet as well as a full fledged laptop. By being a computer, I get all of my work done efficiently. I can easily access all of my notes and do all of my homework assignments though the online services my school offers. Both Barnes and Noble bookstore, and Kindle books are fully available via the tablet portion of the Surface. Every textbook I use is on the tablet itself bringing the load of things i tote to class to about 3 Lbs. I really don't even need a backpack anymore. Another amazing feature is the screen and sylus that makes it as easy to write on this tablet as a pad of paper. I make checklists all the time, its also perfect for drawing examples and charts that cant be made in word. Back at my room, when I'm feeling bored there is a plethora of things to do on this computer. I bought a Bluetooth controller to play games with, and downloaded a bunch of old emulators to play classic games on it. I have hundreds of games on the thing to play through those emulators. I also have video games downloaded via Steam. I play games as graphically intensive as The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim on this thing. Granted its on the lowest settings, but it still looks plenty good enough to play with a decent frame rate.After getting done with video games I can easily open the Netflix or Hulu app and watch TV. If you are a student or a parent of a student. BUY this computer. Don't let the Microsoft haters sway your opinion. This is the perfect machine for me, and I absolutely love it.
R2HVQCYJEVNFXV	4.0	Overall a great laptop/tablet combo.	12	13	I've had the Surface Pro 3 for about a month now. I previously had a Lenovo Yoga 11s, which I liked overall, but which died when I accidentally connected the wrong size adapter. I purchased the type cover for the Surface as well and use it both with and without the cover. My impressions at this point: 1) Make sure you get the right amount of memory for you. I purchased the 64 GB version, and it has been more than sufficient for me. I mostly do MS Office documents, work on Google Drive, surf the internet, watch Netflix, and play games (not serious gaming). Most of your apps are saved on the hard drive, and for me, that takes about half of my memory right off the bat. I did buy a 64 GB micro SD card and set my default save location for movies, photos and music to be this external drive, which helps. I also was able to download Google Drive directly onto the SD card so I didn't have to use any of my internal memory for that, which was a huge help. 2) Using the Pen and One Note has been fun. I've used it a few times and it works really well. Everyone asks me about it whenever I use it. I am a counselor so I like being able to draw to illustrate some concepts as I explain them. One note about this - when you turn the tablet into portrait mode, I would recommend turning it so the windows button (integrated into the screen) is at the top rather than the bottom of the screen. I have been in the middle of writing a note in One Note when my wrist brushed over this button and it took me to the start screen. Aggravating. Fortunately, it works in either portrait orientation. 3) Taskbar buttons - some have complained that you can't touch the taskbar icons when the keyboard is connected and magnetized in its ergonomic position. This is true, but I have worked around this by dragging the taskbar up to be two lines long, which allows the icons to be slightly higher on the screen. You do lose screen by doing this, but at least you can touch the buttons. However, when I have the keyboard connected I usually use the trackpad to click on the icons anyway. 4) Going from the Lenovo to the tablet took a little getting used to. The handling is different - I was used to picking the laptop up by the keyboard to move it, and the first time I did that out of habit I learned my lesson. Oops. Also, it is not as sturdy as my Lenovo, so I feel like I have to handle it a lot more carefully overall. Also, it is not as comfortable to use when I'm sitting in certain positions. With the Lenovo I could sit cross legged and put the laptop in my lap comfortably, but that's a bit awkward with the Surface as the kickstand doesn't work well on my lap in that position. 5) The screen resolution is very nice and the touchscreen is very responsive. The pen works well too. 6) One criticism is that the plug falls out too easily. It is magnetized so the plug pulls itself into the tablet but I can't move it anywhere while it's plugged in or the plug falls out. 7) Battery life is amazing, but after only 4 hours of battery life on the Lenovo 11S, anything seems amazing. With my regular use I can get about 7 hours on the Surface. 8) The "nearly fanless" design of the Surface is nice - it doesn't get too hot. That was the other complaint about the Lenovo - it got dangerously hot at the hinge. 9) The keyboard (if you get it) is nice to type on, but it doesn't feel as sturdy as a laptop keyboard. It does sound clacky when it it is in the "up" ergonomic position, so when I'm in meetings I will just lay the keyboard flat on the desk instead of pulling it up to the screen. This has helped a lot with the noise. I also really love how the keyboard becomes a cover, and also that it's detachable. Also, when you fold the keyboard behind the Surface while it's still connected it deactivates. Very cool. Overall it's a great unit and I'm happy with the purchase. After a Transformer TF101 and a Lenovo 11S, this one takes the cake as a true tablet/laptop combo.
R347M06V1C6E4I	5.0	The Surface Pro 3 is a game changer	9	9	I bought the Surface Pro 3 after lugging my laptop on yet another business trip and it was literally like carrying a brick in a bag. I have an IPAD BUT I live in the Microsoft Universe. The IPAD for real work is limited. Sorry-there I said it. I am tired of emulation....I want to work on keyboard with a mouse on the Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. The Surface Pro 3 is a game changer. When they say it is tablet and a PC they are not kidding. The keyboard and pen work very very well. The Microsoft programs are tuned to the Surface......so it just works. On my first 2 trips-I tested the Wifi connections at airports and hotels and I am not having any connectivity issues. Now I not streaming video or playing games so my requirements are not as demanding as others. But I love the touch screen and the pen and I even switched from Evernote to Onenote. So far so good. YES-I drank the Microsoft koolaid because sometimes you just want to get work done without spending more time on the "workaround" than the real work.
R1OLBTD0H8W83H	5.0	Review from a Macbook User	15	17	I own 2 Macbook Pros, a Macbook Mini, a Macbook Air, an iPhone and iPad Mini...so this isn't a review from an anti-Apple fan. The Surface Pro 3 is a superbly engineered product, it looks slick, minimalistic, and offers great functionality.To give you an idea of what kind of user I am, I have a main desktop at work, but often get called away to remote sites or into meetings, so my Surface gets 4-6 hours of use per day. Microsoft made a smart move by increasing the screen size to 12". Now, I don't think twice about grabbing my Surface to go to work rather than my Macbook. If it were a smaller 10" screen, I'd be more likely to leave it at home. The suede texture of the keyboard cover makes it easy to grab in one hand and I don't find myself babying it like I do my Macbooks. (no scratches on the aluminum body of the Surface yet) I LOVE the stylus. If any of you were previous HP, Fujitsu, or Gateway tablet owners, you'll rejoice at the return of integrated stylus functionality with OneNote. The double-click for screenshot, one-click for new note is very handy and I find myself using it all the time. Yeah, there's already the snipping tool in Windows that offers the same functionality, but now it's so much easier to grab a screenshot and write my notes directly on the image before sending. PDF highlighting and signing documents is an added benefit of stylus functionality. It's lighter than my Macbook Air and the display is just as gorgeous as my Macbook Pro with Retina...so my Surface offers the best of both worlds. Plenty power and battery life to get me through the day and the charger has an additional USB hub which comes in handy when charging my cell phone. The ONLY feature I don't love is the trackpad in the keyboard cover. I'm spoiled by the roomy and responsive trackpads on my Macbooks- so anything that doesn't meet the Macbook trackpad standard tends to irritate me. That being said, if you're a Windows laptop user- you probably won't notice any difference with the Surface trackpad. The Arc mouse is an excellent accessory that I'd recommend to any power user. The mouse is pretty nifty and powers off when stretched flat, and powers on when curled into an 'arc'. I can't imagine owning the Surface without the keyboard cover, so don't even kid yourself into thinking you can get by without it. The keyboard cover attaches magnetically and can be reversed if you want to hold the Surface as a tablet without finding somewhere to set your keyboard. I really missed my clunky tablet PC from years ago, so it feels like a family reunion now that I have a stylus back in my life. The touchscreen lets me enjoy the daily jigsaw puzzle challenges with my morning coffee..and when I need to do real work, it's a seamless transition. Would I trade my Macbook for a Surface?...a month ago I would've said "no way", but now that I've worked on the Surface daily for a month- I don't think I'd trade my Surface for a Macbook--- mostly because of the stylus functionality. If the Surface didn't have a stylus, I'd probably stick with the multi-gesture trackpads of my Macbooks...but for me, the stylus trumped everything about my Macbooks. If you're a road warrior-- I recommend the Surface. If you'e working several hours a day on spreadsheets and don't have access to a docking station, you might find that the Surface keyboard is a little cramped--- but if you're doing light spreadsheet work, tons of typing, remote desktop, meeting notes, etc... the Surface is your most flexible option.
R2R7BL9HWHA8T5	4.0	Finally! Microsoft got it right!	15	17	This is a long review but in short, the new Surface Pro 3 is highly recommended. I was ashamed to admit that I'm a Microsoft Surface Pro 2 owner. That device essentially became a very expensive picture frame. I decided to keep it because I believe that someone has to be the early adapters. If none of us bought the 1st iPhone and it failed, we wouldn't have all these new innovations we enjoy today. There are too many things to review but I'll just touch on the major points. Screen Size: With the Microsoft Surface Pro 3, Microsoft finally nailed the design. The 3:2 aspect ratio is more "human," meaning you can use it to be productive and entertained. In my opinion 16:9 aspect ration is only good for larger screen sizes. 12" is definitely the sweet spot for usability and portability. Any larger and it would be too cumbersome to be used as a tablet, while any smaller and the desktop experience would suffer. I truly hope that they keep this size and aspect ratio in future iterations. Screen Resolution: I think this is where the Surface Pro 2 truly failed. While the screen resolution of the Surface Pro 3 is not quite up to par with Retina Display technology at 2160 x 1440 it is much better than the MacBook Air's 1440 by 900. Weight: I know there are tablet out there much lighter than the Surface Pro 3. But at 800 grams and a mere 9.1mm, it's almost the same as the original iPad. But don't forget that this thing packs some power in a very portable form. Definitely an example of when functions meets design. The designer deserve some praise here, move over Jon Ive. Battery Life: I get a little bit short of the published 9 hours of battery life with normal used. Much shorter if I watch a lot of movies on Amazon Prime or on YouTube. However, battery life is not affected much when watching movies from the local drives or from Netflix. It really begins to suffer when I run some serious productivity software. I'm not talking about just the Office stuff, I mean programs like molecular structure viewer and DNA sequencing analysis program running off of USB flash drive, while running along side Excel, Word, and PowerPoint, and compiling with Visual Studio 2013. When I run the machine this seriously, then I get about 4 hours of battery life. That's still better than most laptops I've owned, including my MacBook Pro 17" running those same programs on Windows7 in virtual mode. I have not done much testing with Photoshop CS6 or Lightroom CC. I still can't bring myself to analyze photos in such a small screen but I've installed them and hoping to use them soon. Operating System: Windows 8.1 reminds me of when Microsoft first introduce the Office "Ribbon." A lot of people hated it then but after you get used to it, you won't ever want to go back to the old menu system. At first, the Modern Windows (Metro) user interface was unintuitive. I didn't understand the reason for separating some in-built Windows "desktop" applications with the "Metro" such as Internet Explorer and OneNote. Now I'm used to the ins and outs of what is synchronized between the two UI and I actually like it. I worry less about getting malware with Metro IE when visiting unknown websites when the need arise. Some other little things that get lost in translation but I really appreciate their addition (or none-omission) on Windows 8.1 (e.g., support for x86 applications, being able to mount VHD and .iso (finally!), being able to play some media via WiFi to my smart TV). Yeah, the Windows UI would take some getting used to but it's hardly a hindrance or a show stopper. Cooling System: Because of it's size and weight, I almost forget that this is a real computer and it would get hot when I push it's limits. It really was not that different from Surface Pro 2 it get just as hot. Microsoft decided to use only a single fan to cool this thing off. This was one of my major concerns which is why I chose the less powerful Core i5 over the i7. I was worried that the device will overheat. I had a bad experience with MacBook Pro 17" (early 2011) when the graphics card on the logic board got affected by constantly running it at full performance. Apple still hasn't owned up to that even after 8000+ customers reported similar problem, and they charged me $310 to get it fixed. Anyway, I think I was correct at going with this model (Core i5, 8gb RAM). During demanding workloads, the upper right side gets really hot. The fan is quiet however and it's not distracting when you're trying to concentrate. It's just a little disconcerting at first since you'd think you're using a tablet but it's actually a full fledge notebook computer not some toy like the iPad, or some other Android tablet devices. Handwriting: They changed from the Wacom technology to N-trig pen. The pressure sensitivity on the spec sheet is much lower but in actual use the new N-trig Pen/screen is more accurate. They've also added a new feature that enables you to open a blank OneNote document with a click of the pen to instantly capture your next idea (or a screen shot)-even if your device is in sleep mode. Ergonomics: As I mentioned previously, the ergonomics is much improved with the screen size, aspect ratio and weight of the Surface Pro 3. Now I'm going to talk about some other things. The kickstand can now be placed on any angle up to 150 degrees. This is a very good change because you're not limited to only 2 positions from the previous model. In this regard it is much like a regular laptop. At 150 degrees, it's very conducive to handwriting or drawing. One thing that was poorly placed though is the Windows logo/button. I'm right handed so when using the pen I frequently would touch that button and it would go to the start screen. This is quite annoying and distracting. You can flip the screen so that the button is on the left side but at this mode, the fan would be covered up hindering the cooling of the device. You would also accidentally touch it on the left side when you're holding the device there. I hope the Microsoft designers would place this button somewhere on the top of the screen. The camera can be moved to the side without affecting it's function. Price: I've read a lot of the reviewers complaint about the price of the device and that it didn't come with the keyboard. Honestly, I don't see how Microsoft is making money at all. They have promotions such as 10% off for students, I got the $150 off deal. They accept trade-in of older Surface products and up to $650 if you trade-in your MacBook Air. And best of all, they have a deal going right now for $300 that packs the Surface Pro Keyboard, 2-year extended warranty with accidental damage coverage, one of the 3rd party Surface Pro 3 cases up to $50, and one of the options for Microsoft Office 365 subscription that comes with 1TB OneDrive and Skype worldwide subscriptions. Really, if you sum this up to the total purchase, you really can't complain much. Room for Improvement: The multi-touch gestures are inconsistent throughout the operating system. For instance, I can go forward and backward with just a swipe on the screen with Internet Explorer Metro but I can't do that with IE11, the quick pen menu is available for the free version of OneNote but it's not available for the paid version OneNote 2013. Again, the awkward placement of the Windows logo/button. The WiFi card driver disappears sometime when coming out of sleep (but not when waking from hibernation). Also, they could have designed a notch for the pen to slide in on the side when not in use. This shouldn't add any bulk to the current design since it would just be a carving from the frame, perhaps the fan grille. Right now, there's no way to keep the pen when not in use. They included a pathetic piece of cloth to be glued on the Surface Pro keyboard. But that seems like an after-thought from the designers. Little things like this take away from the total user experience.
R17T0KSW3QIIBX	2.0	It's all about battery life	18	21	I really wanted to like this. The idea that I could replace my bulky laptop and small tablet with one device that does it all was something I had to have. But after just an evening with this I knew I wouldn't be able to justify keeping it. Let me first say that this thing is a beauty. The screen is vibrant and the device itself is surprisingly easy to hold despite its larger than normal size. Also, the kickstand is in a class of its own that I'm hoping will become the norm for all tablets going forward. The keyboard is fantastic too (as an aside, I think any component that is integral to the functionality of a device should be sold with the device. The fact that I'm asked to pay separately for this really irked me. But this doesn't reflect on my review of the device, just on the sales practice of Microsoft. It's funny how they bundle a device that's truly optional (see: Kinect with Xbox One) and force the price on the consumer yet they don't bundle the keyboard with the Surface when a keyboard is absolutely necessary in allowing the the Surface to be the laptop replacement Microsoft claims it to be. But I digress...) Again, questionable business decisions aside, my decision to not keep the surface came down strictly to device performance and expectations for the price I'm paying. The Surface runs hot. Really hot. Even when I'm just browsing the Internet the Surface becomes incredibly hard to hold (to be fair, only one half gets hot). I wouldn't mind the heat so much on a normal tablet, but this thing has fans. And they are loud. I could just let the Surface sit idly with no programs running yet the fans would be on. And this all relates to my biggest issue: Battery life. With the Surface unable to keep up with its internal struggle to stay cool, the battery life suffers significantly. Starting with a full charge and with the screen at 50% brightness, I watched 1 hour of video, put it to sleep for an hour, surfed the Internet for about an hour, let it sleep for an hour, did some light work on Excel for another hour, and then I was reaching for my charging cable. I managed to squeak out 3 hours of battery from what I consider to be normal usage. This is unacceptable for a $1400 device that advertises up to 9 hours of battery life. To be fair, this product is ambitious. And it stands alone as the only true device that could actually replace both your laptop and tablet. But for me, it's not there yet.
RPF97OKKJ2EFD	5.0	Laptop Replacement	18	21	Microsoft calls it the tablet that can replace your laptop. Is that true? My experience is a very strong yes. As a tablet, the interface is better than my iPad. It is easier to select, copy and paste text, edit text, autocomplete is better and the browser it easier to use than the iPad. I don't even use my iPad any more. My Surface Pro 3 also replaced my latest laptop (a Lenovo W510). I sometimes question why I bought the $130 MS keyboard for the Surface Pro 3 since you can find much less expensive keyboards that will connect via Bluetooth that can be more useful when not physically attached. However, physically connected can be better too sometimes, but $130 is way too high. That said, I found the experience with the MS keyboard very usable for serious typing and the trackpad adequate for light duty. I purchased a regular mouse, an HP X4000b, for spreadsheet work which I also recommend. I waited to write my review until after my first business trip with the Surface Pro 3. In terms of travelling with the device, it is far lighter than my laptop but slightly heavier (about .3 lbs) than an iPad 3. It is slightly larger than an iPad 3 with a 12" screen versus the 9.7" screen of the iPad. I used to need a backpack for my laptop and iPad but now I have tons of extra space and could certainly downsize my travel bag (BTW, the Surface Pro 3 charger is pretty small too at 3.5" x 2" x .9"). For laptop details this Surface Pro 3 comes with 4GB of RAM and a 128GB SSD. With Windows 8.1 installed, Stardock Start8 for the start button and Office 365 installed only 27.6GB of space is used on my machine with Win8 reporting 79.8GB still available. So still plenty of space for additional applications. Battery life was great, lasting more than all day of the meetings with multiple sleep wake cycles. Wake from sleep time is under a second while boot from cold takes around 12 seconds. Normal use with multiple documents open along with a spreadsheet and web browser with multiple tabs was very responsive and snappy. The Surface Pro 3's single USB 3 port easily handled three attached devices using a Sabrent 4 Port Portable USB 3.0 Hub. I had a Smart Card reader (Scm Microsystems Scr3500), a USB thumb drive and a memory card reader (Saicoo USB 3.0 4 Slots 11 in 1 Digital Memory Card Reader) all attached at the same time with was surprisingly little impact on battery life. I also attached to several TVs and a projector via HDMI using the Surface Pro 3's Mini DisplayPort. The adapter I chose was a Cable Matters Mini DisplayPort 3-in-1 adapter. This worked perfectly. The Surface immediately detected them all and adjusted resolution accordingly. I also tested the Cable Matters adapter with DVI and VGA monitors. The Surface worked perfectly with those as well. All in all this is an outstanding machine. Memory and drive space are certainly adequate with this second in line model. Battery life is outstanding, laptop functionality is as good as any other laptop I have owned and the Surface Pro 3 is better than any tablets I have owned. I can also replace a pen and paper notepad using OneNote which is also very good. This is a great machine. Highly recommended.
RU46966VURPXM	2.0	Me and my wife found the device so amazing that we purchased two devices at the same time	18	21	Reasons to buy: ultra light weight, superb battery life(7 hours with average use), excellent keyboard design. Reasons not to buy:: you will break it and it will stop working, I guarantee, within 2-3 years of use.( Microsoft will not extend your warranty any further after first 2 years for accidental damage) I purchased SP3 within the first month of its launch and was very happy with overall performance until after about a year when I dropped it. It is one of the most fragile tablets ever and I can guarantee you that it is impossible to prevent physical damage. Sad part is that slightest physical damage can cause it to malfunction-specially the touch screen. After dropping it for the first time( and shattering the screen to tiny pieces) I got a replacement product, thanks to the extended accidental warranty I purchased for additional 150$. The 2nd SP3 touch screen malfunctioned without any physical damage despite being in the UAG armor cover. I have now gotten my 3rd SP3( another replacement product from Microsoft) which arrived with touch screen malfunction. Bottom line: this is not a tablet-I guarantee you that the touch will malfunction after a feather touch of a physical damage and you will be using it as any other laptop- although its battery life is still impressive. I will give 2 stars for its ergonomically designed keyboard, light weight and good battery life. Took away 3 stars because of its price and fragility.
RTT0NHW5EHRQE	4.0	Great device but SP4 will probably be the perfect 5 star "laplet"	8	8	You'll find tons of great feature reviews for this tablet. So I am going to just write about what nobody bothers to point out. 1. This is not as portable as an iPad. It's very simple. It is a tad heavy to hold and after awhile your hand will get tired. But even bigger is the issue that unlike an ipad, you can't carry a charging cable and plug it into the first usb port you find. Like in you car or your office desktop. So you will ultimately charge it to full capacity and hope to run it through the day. Or carry it's power brick... like a laptop. 2. Palm rejection sucks. This one is absolutely inexcusable. Because I know my Galaxy Note does it pretty well. It uses an active stylus. Why is it so difficult to tell Windows whether it is receiving a finger/ palm touch or input from the stylus. It might just be a software thing, but this is a package. MS should bake it in and show other vendors how to handle this. Even trackpads have great palm rejection these days. 3. Metro UI is half baked. Even for a tablet, I find it gets more in the way than often intuitive information. Plus their confusing array of apps vs. applications. Many of which are duplicates of each other. And don't get me started on the most convoluted set of gestures for closing apps or even removing them. 4. Brilliant handwriting recognition paired with a non-intuitive input method. The handwriting recognition on this is amazing. This review is entirely handwritten. Except for a few quirks, it works pretty well. You don't have to be neat but you do have to be accurate. Making corrections is where the quirkiness comes in. That and the fact that I have to click multiple times to switch from handwriting and typing with the onscreen keyboard. This stylus has 3 buttons. So far I find I have not used any of the mapped functions except for in OneNote. It's like they dedicated an entire piece of hardware to a software that I feel will be underutilized. I would rather use the ability to click a button tochange input methods or call up the keyboard. Seriously. One button dedicated to launching OneNote. I can't rant enough about this. Also, this has something called "Flick gestures". Completely utterly useless. Just wont detect properly unless I am really careful. 5. Portrait mode is awesome A lot of reviewers have pointed this out due to it's aspect ration. And it does look good. Only issue there is no way to prop it up like that. And even though the device weight is well distributed, your hand will become tired due to the top-heavy nature of how you will hold it. So. Why give 4 stars if I am ranting so much? Because I only wanted to point out stuff most reviewers are missing. And probably point 1 is the biggest gripe. It's still a brilliant device. If you are considering buying it, go for it. It's fresh off the design table and a better alternative is not coming out any time soon. Just make sure it's an i5. Because this one barely manages to keep up. Even a tad slower would be an irritating experience. UPDATE: So I have been on the fence about buying the surface cover. And it's though to justify around $130 for what is basically a keyboard. So while almost everyone is recommending it and saying the SP3 is incomplete without it, I'd recommend that unless you do a lot of heavy documentation work on this, it's perfectly fine without one. Most of the time the touch interface is a good substitute for the mouse. And a lot of the type work can be accomplished via onscreen keyboard or the handwriting recognition. Like this review. So unless you are gonna write a novel, go save yourself a hundred dollars. Just don't drop the damn thing :-)
R3L7APMV5DLNCK	4.0	Great product	8	8	My review of using windows surface pro 3 with type keyboard. 1- My work and using for the surface pro3: I work in school as teacher assistant. Basically I use Microsoft word a lot to write reports and forms. Also I am student in the universaty and I use word and PowerPoint for my study. I also deal with multimedia to support my work ( pictures - videos - Mp3s) 2- Using Microsoft surface pro 3 as Laptop replacement: I used to have Mac pro 2012 with Intel i7 8GB of rams and 750 HDD. As everyone knows that Mac pro with these configurations is very powerful. I had no issue using it except two things: heavy weight and compatible issues with other programs in our school example (converting file from pages to word or reading PDFs files from windows). I try to buy windows laptops before but the biggest problem with them is after one week they become slower and slower with tones of issues. On the other hand when I saw the surface pro 3 I bought it and start working with it directly. As first timer I need adopt to it like using touch screen to control the device rather than using the type cover because windows 8 is easier to use by touchscreen. So far I have no problems with it. This device is fast and very responsive. When you hit the power button it start fast, faster than powering up an iPad. For my work using word, PowerPoint, downloading media and converting them surface pro 3 did good job I used it and I did not think about using a laptop to do my work on it. I want to mention that the Wi-Fi connection is the BEST. 3- Using surface pro 3 as iPad replacement: surface pro3 boot up very fast. After you can browse the internet using internet explorer which can open flash sites and all web sites on the internet are compatible with it. Microsoft store is way behind the Apple store but you can use the surface pro to do the job for you as an iPad. The screen is very big which is good for multitasking but pain to handle it even with two hands. 4- Using the type cover: Using the type cover to do work is good. Yes you will miss sometime but when you adopt to it will become easy. The touch pad right click and left click is responsive. Doing the zoom in and zoom out gestures is nice but scrolling up and down is not as good this is way I use the touch screen to scroll up and down. Pros: Light weight. Very fast. All pc apps works. Pc experience. Big screen (for pc mode) Cons: In 2014 Whit Company like Microsoft which is the biggest company in the world and they still did not manage to create place for the pen they provide holder which you stick it in the back of the type cover. I lost my pen twice the holder usually fall off the cover. Handling the big screen as a tablet is hard. Lack off apps in the store. Battery life I think they can do better job. Can I use it for my regular job? Yes Can the surface pro 3 replace my laptop? Yes Can the surface pro 3 replace my iPad? Yes for doing small tasking and No if I want apps.
R3HWAQX33H00Z0	3.0	i-7 with 256 GB HD 8GB RAM and HD5000 graphic card	11	12	This laptop is almost great, but not there yet. I like it and I hate it at the same time. Here are the reasons: Overall: Stay away from i7 model due to heating up, shorter battery life, unnecessary higher price tag. Also know this tablet is only as good as the software you are about to use. Very limited pen use. Expect to be disappointed by Microsoft windows 8 or Microsoft OneNote. If you are looking at upgrading, see what you use your current computer for? If you use it for light use, you may consider upgrading to this. Not for gaming or high intensity use. If I had to make this purchase again I would buy the i5 model with 128GB Hard Drive, 4GB ram and I would buy 128GB SD card from amazon. Keep all my files and pics on SD card and keep all my software on computer Hard drive. I also purchased a Monoprice 107672 6-Feet 18AWG Figure 8 Shape AC Power Cord to increase the charger cord. Definitely buy a screen protector, I bought Tech Armor Microsoft Surface 3 High Definition. CONS: 1-It gets extremely hot! Even during light use. But especially when watching videos such as Amazon Prime or even YouTube. Fan is too loud and device gets uncomfortable to hold. It drains the battery too quickly. 1% each minute, so max use on battery is 1.5 hour. This laptop is capable of doing everything, but it will disappoint you if you use it for high intensity tasks and videos. 2- Battery life is a joke, I have not been able to get more than 4 hours. For watching movies, use Netflix APP. It is more efficient. I got through 2 movies on one charge. Less heating up too. If you watch videos on browser, it starts heating up and drains battery. It takes a long time to charge. Between 2-3 hours. 3- Using the Pen: It is not smooth, (definitely not as smooth as WACOM). Mostly software related. Especially when using fine tip pen for taking notes. Slight bit of lag. Slight play at the tip of the pen when pressing it on screen. Pen action is pressure sensitive. Press harder for thicker lines. Screen is very slippery, feels un-natural. Writing will take a bit of getting used to. Very limited by software from Microsoft. DON'T EXPECT to just write on your PowerPoint or PDFs like they advertise on TV. For note taking I use Microsoft OneNote, You have to import everything there...good luck with that. Needs plenty of improvement. 4- Windows 8....Where do I begin...that requires a separate review of its own. But the things that may affect your surface could be: Instant go (designed to wake up your computer from sleep in a sec), which will never let your computer hard drive to sleep, even if you put your computer to sleep. Imagine charging the computer fully, and next morning it is drained. Problems with Wi-Fi connection dropping. Problem with heating up. Lack of apps from windows app store. And way more.... 5- Very Expensive. Microsoft has learned from apple to overcharge people by giving them less. Not much you can do about it. NO KEYBOARD. The charger cord is too short. I bought Monoprice 107672 6-Feet 18AWG Figure 8 Shape AC Power Cord to solve it. This computer should not cost more than $1000 when you look at everything else in the market. Huge markup! 6- No Keyboard and short charger length. Seriously?!!! 7- No way for keyboard to close shut and stay shut. Magnets anyone? Keyboard will open up during transport and will turn on the computer. 8- Difficult to use on your lap. This is subjective. You just have to try it. Microsoft says it is a tablet that replaces your laptop. The kickstand does not offer much support. I flip the keyboard and attach it and use it as a resting support. I’m ok with the design though. 9- Track pad is not smooth. Slight lag when using gestures such as two figures for scrolling. I'm not an apple user, but I know they have far better track pad than Microsoft product. Still much improvement from last year 10- One USB charger. I'm sure they could have added another one when they charge people over $1500. PROS: 1- Amazing display. The size of display is absolutely perfect for me. The Screen resolution is great as well. I think Microsoft nailed this part. Enough height to see your word documents, enough width for movies, and great resolution to see everything a bit closer with more clarity and read documents with ease. 2- Kickstand. It is a far better improvement than previous model. You can set it up at any angle. I think given the type of tablet this is, they nailed that too! 3- Memory slot for added memory. In fact I recommend buying the i5 with 128 GB HD and buy a 128gb SD card on amazon. Far cheaper than upgrading to the next model. 4- Improved keyboard and track pad. Much improvements from previous models. track pad even though not as smooth as I would like it to be, but it is much larger than previous models and far better. 5-Finally the device looks great and it is designed well.
R1CGFZF854FQPJ	5.0	Perfect for travelling digital nomads	8	8	I've researched over and over to find a replacement for my dead laptop. Debating between Macbook Air and Surface, I finally made my decision on this one. I love the functions, the touch screen, the pen, and OMG I love the weight! I use it everyday for work, business, drawing, designing, even doing Youtube yoga it's so awesome. I don't like to read on this screen though...my eyes gets too tired from scanning the large screen. Another thing is that the keyboard sometimes doesn't catch the strokes or the mouse pad doesn't work, simply detach the keyboard and re-attach to the tablet again. If problem persist, detach the keyboard, restart the tablet, and reconnect again. Sometimes the tablet starts slow for some reason, I just hold the power button down long enough for it to shut off, wait a minute, and restart. Other than those tiny flaws, this tablet/laptop has worked well for me.
R212TEA9G9F0GU	5.0	10/10 would buy again	8	8	Not a day goes by where I regret this purchase! I bought a 128GB/i5/4GB about three months ago to replace my aging Macbook Pro. I was slightly hesitant to change OS's, especially with all the negative things I've heard about Windows 8. I am glad to say that I have not had any regrets, issues, or concerns! I am so glad to have switched; this is so, so much better than a Macbook Pro. Pen works great, screen is bright and clear, OS is beautiful, tablet itself is remarkable thin and light. I take notes and homework on One Note (side note: if you plan on using One Note frequently, download/buy the full MS Office--the desktop version is lightyears ahead of the trimmed down tablet version, and Word/Excel rock too!) and lots of people comment on the SP3. I recommend it to all my friends and family who inquire. 10/10 Microsoft, you did it!
R2QFNV87CZKKCF	5.0	8GB RAM 256GB SSD, i5 processor model - very satisfied	14	16	Bought directly from MS store. Extremely impressed with the sleekness, responsiveness, quality of build. For context, I own the Surface 2, an Acer Aspire V5, and a Mac mini, but now I only see those as limited purpose devices. It's only been 1 day, but I'm so used to using the pen for tapping/scrolling, and tilting the device to 150 degrees. It's already difficult to remember how it was without this option. It's addictive. I used a USB hub to connect device to two 24" external monitors, keyboard and mouse. Seamless installation and extremely responsive setup. The only technical issues I've encountered so far were with the Bluetooth connection, but I performed a Windows update and issue was resolved. As a mobile user, I'm bothered by the limited choice of sleeves for the device. Ordered the Brenthaven BX2 sleeve plus (13 inch), which looks amazing and matches the color scheme (red keyboard). I'll post a more complete update once I've tested the device further.
R3PLDBL5TRC6U7	5.0	Just Brilliant	17	20	I bought the 8gb RAM / 256 GB SSD version yesterday and have to admit that I did not expect this to be such a fantastic product. Its light, stylish, brilliant display, great sound, powerful, fast, sleek and everything that you can ask for. The keyboard is mind blowing. I also love the way the power cord connects to the port. Since yesterday I have been constantly attached to Pro 3. Love the way the keyboard clicks on to the tablet. What could have gone better: There was problem pairing the pen and other blue tooth devices. This was a known problem which was fixed by an update. I would have liked this update to be pushed the moment one logged in instead of having to find out after trying to unsuccessfully pair a blue tooth device. I had to install 38+ updates.
R29WTZU0JAXEOM	4.0	Was in the Fence but Fell off obto the side of Microsoft	7	7	I am a long time builder of PC's and recently forayed over to Apple. My reasoning was simple, Apple devices work... The problem with Apple is you must wait for ever for them to catch up with trends that many of us consider necessity for one reason or another. I watched the Surface Pro 3 for a year, played around with it in stores and hoped Apple would soon integrate a full iOS X into a tablet. All I could hope for were rumors so I stepped out on a limb and bought a Surface Pro 3 i5 256gb, the features of this device are simply too impressive to wait for. What I wanted: 1) A tablet with a full operating system. ✅ 2) A functional, integrated and useable stylus. ✅ 3) Moderate Form factor and useable weight for lecture and mirror casting. 4) Portability ✅ 5) Robust app store. Microsoft delivered more than I imagined they would be able with this device. It simply delivered but is not perfect. The app store is lacking big time but at the same time one cannot completely rule out this device on that fact alone because this is a fully functuonal PC! One Note alone has taken over the education and business developement/communication market, it's usefulness has yet to be fully realized. This device is simply unlimited and will continue to grow. Cons (These are a bit nitpicky) 1) support - Microsoft has a tendancy to take its sweet time in fixing broken apps in favor of newer and bigger ventures but at the same time their mainstays are very reliable. The Math App for One Note is revolutionary but does not have a big audience so remains buggy. 2) Fan and heat issues - while the decice does get little warm and the fan does come on frequently when watching a movie, gamming or editing film it's not a huge deal breaker, it is actually pretty minor as it is quiet. It just seems odd on a tablet. While I am an Apple fan, (not fanboy) I wanted to hate this device but can't. I find it growing on me the more I use it. Microsoft simply delivers on this one. The only hurdle it has to overcome is the App Store and Microsofts reputation, otherwise it is a very strong device. If you are a student or and educator and want somethung that has stong notetaking and presentational value thus may be the only device for you. I purchased the SP3 i5 256GD The 256gb part scared me but with 1TB free on Office 365 my fears were unfounded.
R19SQJ0XRZ82CG	4.0	Don't buy the Surface Pro 3 as a tablet. Buy it as a laptop.	7	7	It shouldn't be repeated too often to prospective buyers... This product isn't intended to be a great tablet or to compete with an iPad. It's intended to be a great laptop to compete with the MacBook Air or similar laptops. The two things you'll be extremely disappointed with if you purchase the Surface Pro 3 instead of an iPad are: 1- The Surface Pro's camera is junk compared to any Apple tablet, iPhone or even an iPod. The Surface Pro's front camera is perfectly adequate for Skype... but neither front or rear camera can focus. It's difficult to understand why MS didn't include decent cameras on this expensive machine when other less expensive devices have. You will NOT be able to take a photo of a document and expect to read the text. For example, you'll not be able to process checks with your bank with either camera. Even photographing a blackboard to read text will be problematic unless the text is big and bold. 2- As opposed to getting around an iPad, using your finger to get around a Surface can be difficult. Navigation with your finger is possible within the small number of official MS Apps, but as soon as you enter into most other applications on the wonderful high-resolution screen, even Internet Explorer an other web browsers, the interface becomes so small and detailed that you'll have difficultly pointing and clicking. The included stylus helps to some degree, but a mouse is much more useful. The Surface Pro 3, Windows 8.1 and major Windows software will indeed play together nicely, but the interface is not nearly as uniform as what Apple imposes on apps that runs on the iPad. Don't get me wrong... I like the Surface Pro 3. I just want to point out a couple things that aren't often talked about on review sites. This is NOT a good tablet. Expect to purchase a keyboard, a mouse, and possibly a USB hub to extend the inexplicable single USB socket.
R29OIV40FFP5OX	4.0	You really can replace your laptop	13	15	It was time for a new laptop. I wanted to get a Surface Pro 2 but the screen was too small for my needs. Thankfully I held out for the Surface Pro 3 (SP3). It has proven to be an excellent choice. It was delivered by Amazon 4 days ago. I'm very experienced with Microsoft Windows so I was able to get it setup and tuned to my needs the first night. I immediately became productive with the tablet. I got the Cover Keyboard from the local Microsoft store which makes it nice to use on the lap or knee and when a physical keyboard is needed. I have tested it tethered to my BlackBerry Z30 and also using my Z30 as a HotSpot, both worked great for online use while mobile. It is as powerful as most actual laptops but much thinner and lighter. The keyboard is optional so you can leave it behind if it would be inconvenient. Since this is full Windows 8.1 on a real computer (albeit in a tablet form factor) you can do most stuff you do with a laptop. If you are in the market for a Windows laptop, you owe it to yourself to visit a nearby electronics retailer (or better yet, a Microsoft store) and spend a good hour with the Surface Pro 3. Make sure they put the Cover Keyboard for the SP3 on (don't use one of the smaller keyboards as it is not stable on the lap with those). There are a few bugs yet to be worked out, They have not been much of a problem for me but, I have encountered some. For that and because it does not have Near Field Communications (NFC), I knocked off 1 star. * I have tested using Citrix to access the high-security and general business systems at my office. That works properly. * I have tested using Miracast to send video to a TV, it worked great. Better even than my BlackBerry Z30 does with Miracast. * I have tested using Wi-Fi on 5 different Wi-Fi networks with no problems, including the HotSpot on my BlackBerry. * The Amazon Cloud drive is fully accessible with the app installed. I used the Amazon Music manager and it worked. Also, the Amazon shopping app is very nice to use on the SP3. * Dropbox and Evernote both work as expected to give additional Cloud storage as needed.
R2L7IX3UAJSM23	4.0	Worth Buying.	7	7	I have used many windows 8 devices including older. surface versions. This one is perfect. +Can replace tablet and laptop to an extent. +The device i5 runs faster and no lags so far. +The pen is the major plus which has improved a lot. You will be able to write like how you write on a paper. +Flexible Kickstand - definitely ananother plus. Different from its predecessors.You will be able to position the device in different ways with the improved kickstand. +Light , Efficient and Portable. +Can be used for both personal and business. +Sound quality improved from its predecessors. (-) There is bit issue with wifi probably they will fix with updates or not sure if its really a hardware issue. (-) I also bought the surface pro 3 typecover . The type cover has improved but not really a replacement for normal keyboard. (-)Also the new typecover detaches itself from surface pro3 sometimes especially when you keep your device on your lap. I didnt notice this happening with older versions of typecover. The good thing is older versions of type and touch covers do work with the new surface pro 3. But the size of older versions does not suit the new device. (-) Only one USB port and no Hdmi port . need to use convert adapters. (-) You need to purchase Ms Office seperately (-) Bit expensive compared to competitive products.
R1S29GFT0YP1TI	1.0	As Clint Eastwood Would Say "Do You Feel Lucky Punk? Well, Do Ya?"	22	27	As a small business owner I thought this device was the answer to my prayers. Sadly, from start to finish this device is a complete disaster. I am now on my 4th device (with the first 3 having to be replaced for various issues) and it finally seems to work but who knows for how long. And when it does I am honestly surprised. It started 5 months ago when the device wouldn't recognize the touchscreen or work in the Microsoft docking station. If you're going to have a device that can replace your tablet and your laptop having a working touchscreen and docking station is very important, don't you think? I called tech support at Microsoft and there is no known solution for this issue. If you look at the help boards online, you will see this is a known thing. The thinking was some piece of software I installed caused it yet all I had on there were Microsoft products so how sad that their own software caused the bug. I was told to wipe it clean (after spending 8 hours setting it up) to see if that would fix the issue. No luck. So came a replacement. Same process, same end result. No touchscreen nor docking station. After another 8 hours (no line - all day literally) on the call with a tech support rep no luck so they offered to replace it. Again. I have spent nearly 100 hours of my time either on the phone or e-mailing with them on this device. Finally the 4th device I have (which I'm working on now) seems to be working but it is touchy. Yesterday the snap on keyboard stopped working for no reason for like one minute (my heart was pounding) but thankfully it's back. It's crazy stuff like that and makes you so nervous. My main objection to all of this is the way I was treated by support. Sent "overseas" there was definitely a language barrier between me and my rep. Promises of return calls with solutions went unmade by Microsoft. No offer to compensate me for 4 months of lost time. I asked for an extended warranty and was told no. Just an extra year to make sure I get at least 2 years out of this piece of junk. No. Denied. And the best part? It was delivered by some low level tech support rep. No escalation to a manger, nothing. Just a broken English note saying no. I spent $1300 on the device, $150 on a docking station, $120 on keyboard. And dummy me bought two (one set for my business partner wife). All in I gave these jerks at Microsoft nearly $3,000 of my hard earned money for buggy, erratic devices that if they lived up to the promise would be great. My advice - buy anything but a Surface. They are useless pieces of junk.
R2NJ0V4EMH7DHF	5.0	Well Done!!!	16	19	I find it funny how people complain about price when smartphones off contract can cost $699 or $799 and this is a full PC that runs apps and programs starting at $799 (with pen/ without the keyboard). The 64g and 128g IPad costs $699 and $799 respectively with no stylus or covers (I know lots of people who buy these at this price and don't give it a second thought). People also complain about the extra cost for the type cover but IPad doesn't offer one included in the price either. Some people say compare it to the MacBook pro. To that I say they're both great but the mac doesn't offer a touch screen or stylus input. How much extra would it cost if it did? I like apple products. They are well made and work well. They certainly deserve the reputation they've created. That doesn't mean I have to bash another product that is also well made and works well. You can love one brand and it not be a betrayal of that love to acknowledge the good qualities of another brand/product. Surface pro 3 is an awesome device and unlike some others I believe the cost is justified. I'm sure people will hate what I've had to say but I speak the truth. Apple is great and now apparently Microsoft has also created a great device. They deserve their props for that like them or not.
R1V46FU7TW3OTZ	5.0	Awesome!	18	22	Awesome device! Exactly what the doctor ordered. MS fixed everything that needed fixing with version 1 & 2 and then some... Pros: Larger Screen Better Screen Ratio Longer Battery Life Better Type Cover Better Internal Speakers Better Pen Better Windows Button Placement Better Kickstand Better Front & Back Camera Resolution Better Charge port Interface Cons: Type Cover Sold Separately Touch Pad about 1/2 to 3/4" too narrow No Car Charger Yet No 4G LTE Version The major thing MS needs to do now is offer a 4G LTE version but I guess using my phone as a WiFi hotspot works just as well. I figure we will see that eventually since they did eventually offer it for the Pro 2 line. If you do decide to get this device do yourself the favor and complement the deal by picking up the following: Pro 3 Type Cover: The keyboard is a major improvement over earlier versions and the backlighting allows you to get work done in the dark if you can't touch type by now. The integrated touchpad is much better than before, but does require a bit of tweaking if you don't like the default setting. I have seen some complaints about the touchpad in some professional reviews pertaining to the overall width (ie: its a bit narrow) of the touchpad and some sensitivity issues. Had a bit of an issue with the sensitivity of the touchpad initially but was able to tweak it to my satisfaction under Control Panel so I no longer have an issue with it once set (Control Panel > Mouse > Pointer Option: Increasing pointer speed by 1 and turning on enhance pointer precision did the trick for me). The length of the track pad is perfect and with my pointer speed setting I am able to move the pointer from the left most corner of the screen to the right most corner of the screen in one motion. As noted by some professional reviewers the width of the track pad could be a bit wider; with my pointer speed setting it takes two motions for me to move the pointer from the top most corner of the screen to the bottom most corner of the screen. I'm not a hardware engineer but it seems as though MS could increase the track pad width by another 3/4" without changing the overall Type cover dimensions; the 3/4" increase could perhaps address the width issue. Another potential fix: MS could also perhaps add a feature under Control Panel > Mouse Settings or perhaps under the Mouse & Touchpad Settings that allows you to adjust the vertical and horizontal pointer speed independently. A Bluetooth mouse: A Logitech t630 works great and saves the 1 USB port that you have for something more important. The only issue I have here is that the Setpoint software seems to change my pointer settings back to default after using the t630 so I find myself having to adjust the pointer settings before I use the touchpad again. This issue probably doesn't happen if you use the MS Bluetooth mouse offering. A 128 GB Micro SD Card: People still travel around with USB sticks & external hard drives? I was able to augment the 128 GB internal disk space with a SanDisk 128 GB Micro SD Card and now i have more disk space than i'll ever really need on the road. For the most part my External hard drive stays at home. A headset & Bluetooth speaker: MS has greatly improved the speakers on the Pro 3 (the volume range is much better than the original Pro) but the speakers do lack Bass so you may want to grab speakers. The Bose SoundLink Mini, Bose QC15 Noise Cancelling headset & Sol Republic AMPs HD do the trick for my Pro 3 when I'm on the road. The SoundLink will make any hotel room seem like home but from time to time I do experience annoying Bluetooth connectivity issues between the Pro 3 and the SoundLink. The Pro 3 drops the Bluetooth connectivity with the device ever so often and I end up having to restart the Pro 3 to reestablish connectivity. This is something I'll have to look into further since I don't have the same issue with the SoundLink and my Samsung G S4 and S5. No issues between the Pro 3 and the Bose QC15 or AMPs HD. Big headsets just look ridiculous in general so the AMPs HD works great for me in public places like airport terminals while the QC15 works best during flights from A to B. A very good Sleeve: You'll want to get a very good sleeve for your Pro 3 that has tons of padding. The Roocase Super Bubble 11.6" laptop case works great. The build quality of the Pro 3 is great but feels very delicate to me when compared to the thicker and heavier older models, make no mistake this is not something you want to drop period; so if you're not using it you'll want to ensure it stays in the safety of a well padded sleeve. New Issues and Conclusion: Microsoft did an excellent job on the Pro 3. They fixed everything that was wrong with other older Surface models but have introduced a few new issues that will need to be addressed going forward: Windows Button Placement: MS moved the Windows touch key from the bottom bezel to the right bezel. Though I think that this was the right decision it does introduce a few issues (particularly if you're left-handed and use the device as a tablet in landscape mode). It does seem that MS has found a quick fix for right-handed people using the included pen (being left-handed the key placement wouldn't have presented an issue for me with the pen). Being left-handed if you are using the Pro 3 as a tablet in landscape mode you're going to want to hold the device along the right bezel with your right hand (while navigating with your left hand) which can place your thumb in very close proximity to the Windows touch Key. Sometimes i touch the Windows key quite a bit while using the Pro 3 in the mentioned configuration which can get really frustrating at times. This is going to be a harder fix for the MS team than the right-handed pen issue. In future models MS may actually need to look at introducing a slightly indented Windows press Button (similar to the home button on the iPads) rather than the flush with bezel Windows touch Key.
R1XHDWX4GGCXGV	1.0	Product is great but hardware support for broken product is horrible!	65	85	Let me start by saying that I love my Surface Pro 3. In fact, this is my fourth Surface Pro. I purchased the original then upgraded to the SP2, then purchase two SP3's for my small business. The reason I am giving the product only one star is because I am working my way through some of the worst product support of any company that I have ever worked with. I am simply attempting to get a replacement for my Microsoft Docking Station using Microsoft's technical support. I called them 10 days ago to process a warranty replacement. Five days ago I received an email from someone with only a first name of Jean who said that she apologized but would need to put in a new order. I emailed her back and gave her a phone number to call but no one called. I called the tech support number that she included in her email and they stated that they can't find the order. They transferred me to consumer tech support who said that they found the ticket but couldn't find the replacement order. 38 minutes later the consumer tech person stated that he needs to transfer me back to Katrina in the commercial customer service department. When he transferred me he accidentally hung up on me. Katrina did call back and began to ask me all of the same questions as I answered ten days ago. She then stated that the order would take five to seven business days. I demanded to talk to a supervisor and she actually asked me why. Although I didn't swear, I did lose it at that point and proceeded to tell her that the reason I wanted to speak with a supervisor is because I felt that Microsoft made the mistake in the first place and that I at least deserve to get expedited processing/delivery. She promised to have a supervisor call me. She then sent me an email asking for all of my contact information and delivery information that I already gave in the first support request. Horrible customer service!! I have been a Microsoft Partner for 16 years working in I.T. I have always used Dell equipment in the past and should have known that I can't expect good hardware service from a company that sells primarily software. Very disappointed.
RBIAFS9NJX7WR	3.0	Some good, some bad....	9	10	I purchased this directly from Microsoft store, I'm also first time owner of Window 8.1 and tablet/computer, so if you are like me, feel free to read on: Pros: 1. Takes a bit to get use to window 8.1 from window XP, but once you got use to it, you'll love it, it's almost like using ipad 2. Solid State Hard drive is nice, super quiet fan(can't hear the fan unless your ear is right up to it) 3. You can use it as window 8.1(screen touch style), or use as a traditional window style, it will even let you use both at the same time in two separate screens 4. It's gorilla glass, very durable! Nice overall design Cons: 1. I gotten so many defect model and needed to exchange out at the store so many times.... some got bad backlight bleeding, bad/hot/dead pixels, screen flashing issue, I'm on my 4th one now, hopefully everything will be fine, still has some backlight bleeding issue though, but I'm to the point where I come to accept it 2. it's definitely lighter than traditional laptop, but I wouldn't call it "LIGHT" as a tablet, my hand gets hurt or tired after holding it for about 10 minutes, as a result I had to use kick stand in the end 3. This applies to user with foreign keyboard, keep in mind if your foreign keyboard has different key mapping, it WILL NOT work on window 8.1, it only works on traditional window screen, for example, I used specific keyboard mapping for my keyboard, but it still went to default keyboard mapping when I'm on window 8.1(for example, when I'm trying to write something in my language using Hotmail), I had to have separate screen, typing all the sentence on notepad in traditional window mode, then copy and paste onto whatever program I'm using in window 8.1 mode, really annoying 4. Finger print or smudges gets on screen easily..... had to keep cleaning it if you are clean freak like me 5. Battery life is not as good as Microsoft advertised, they advertised 9~11 hours...... only if you turn off the WiFi and not do anything, during my normal lite use(internet browsing, with 20~30% brightness), it's only around max 5~6 hours for me or maybe even less 6. Price is pretty expensive in my opinion even after 10% discount for what it is 7. Auto-Brightness doesn't really work well in neutral light environment, in other word, it will only works WELL in super bright light(outdoor) or when you are completely in the dark, when I'm just using it in the office, it stays pretty dark.....makes it really hard to see with my office light up top Summary: Even though I have a lot of negative comments about SP3, I will still keep it, why? because it works for what I'm need, I already have a nice iMac desktop at home, and a kickass 17" window laptop that I can do game or serious stuff on it, however, I can't travel with it, but with SP3, I can take it anywhere with me easily, I can simply draw on it when I teach my student online, or if I just need to surf on internet quickly. So if this is your first tablet, and you are comparing between ipad or SP3, it really depend on what you need, if you only travel and play games/app on it, SP3 is definitely over kill, but if you find yourself using some serious software from time to time, especially if you need to travel a lot, then this is definitely not a bad choice.
RLNHX92AL4HZO	5.0	Great machine, great customer service, great value with office bundle--Is this really microsoft?	9	10	just plain terrific! blows the pants off my three ipads and our two mac book pros(older models). Seriously happy with this device. The screen is best in class hands down, speed and multitasking is unbelievable easy and fast. Keyboard cover works extremely well and we add the Arc wireless mouse really takes the whole experience up a notch. There have been a lot of reviews about how good this is and then they go on to knock the little things and say it's almost where it needs to be . I say BS! there is so much functionality and sheer joy of use in this that those reviews are proof that the apple zombies are really reaching when all they can come up with is the loop to hold the pen should be better. The pen and one note , are just so great , there is nothing else like it. Is it expensive? sure but what apple product wasn't expensive upon new release? We have three ipads , two mac books , one imac and four iphones in our home. So it's been a while since i purchased a windows based product. I upgraded to a xbox one recently which got me familiar with the whole tile thing. Then we needed a new main computer in our home. We had a 7 year old dell desktop that basically had died. The macbooks and imac or my kids. So we looked around and this really replaced everything plus my wife and i have added functionality of the FULL office suite, outlook, one note photoshop etc, All things we both use at work and on our work machines. Now for the first time we can seamlessly use the surface pro 3 for work functions like email,scheduling, draft RFPs, excel spreadsheet work etc, and use it to watch netflix (incredible screen) and play stupid games. Oh the only hang up has been our itunes account has been giving us difficulty authorizing this one Win machine. What's that all about? hmm But Microsoft store will sort it out. Oh and we got the office bundle which extends the warantee 2 years and give 1 full year of service. BTW the microsoft store service has been fantastic. Basically we can go in everyday and be taught anything we need and they transfered ALL our data from our outdated machine (screened for virus). Not to mention they have a free replacement policy if something happens to the machine over the two years including WATER DAMAGE ! hear that apple!!! I have had apple tell me in the past is was s--- out of luck cause my daugters iphone showed water damage andsame with her laptop( both have keyboard issues) even though it happened during their warranty period. Anyway surface pro 3 has been great !!! highly highly recommend it.
R1RJEQNAFQJBLZ	4.0	Apple guy really likes this device	9	10	First off, I bought this at a local store. Being a Mac guy I was really thinking of going back to the Macbook Air. Had Apple come out with a retina display for it I probably would have. That being said, I gave this a shot and really like it. I do not like Windows 8 on a desktop having to use only a mouse. On a tablet I think it works very well. Yes, it has some issues that will most likely be addressed with 9 comes out. The Surface Pro 3 itself is amazing IMHO. I love having a tablet with this size screen. Yes, it weighs a bit more because of it, but it is balanced extremely well so you really don't notice it that much (although the placement of the windows button causes me some issues when holding it in landscape mode). The newly designed kickstand in back is a work of art. That ability to put it in so many positions is awesome and extremely handy. The screen is also a work of beauty and the new keyboard works really well. Even the track pad is a big improvement over the Pro 2's. The only real knocks I have with the SP 3 is the battery life, charging extra for the keyboard and a proprietary charger. Battery life is not terrible, but not great either. If Microsoft really wants to push this as a laptop/tablet combo they should include a keyboard. I am not a fan of proprietary chargers (and I am still with Apple lol). The charger is actually very nice otherwise although I wish I could disable the light since I keep it in bed. Microsoft has nearly created the perfect device for me. As apps continue to fill the store and Microsoft releases 9 beta later this year, it will move the much closer to perfect for me.
R50QADASXOL1J	5.0	Excellent Product, needs some adjustments	6	6	I was on the fence for a long time about purchasing the SP3. I wanted a suitable replacement for my 5 pound laptop, but not sacrifice the power or utility that it provided, plus I wanted to have the option of using it as a digital drawing pad like I do with my Wacom Cintiq. I finally made the purchase and very happy I did so. Essentially, I combined two pieces of hardware, I lightened my load by 8 lbs, removed the need for a nest of power and adapter cables, freed up several square inches of space in my bag, and extended my battery life by several hours all with one purchase. I don't feel like "that guy" that takes several minutes to unpack an entire work station anymore, since all that is required is the removal of the SP3 from my bag and I can go straight to work. And, it works just as efficiently as slapping the keyboard closed and stashing it into my bag before walking out the door. There is so much fuss removed simply by owning a SP3. Simple conveniences aside, it performs beautifully. I'm a graphic designer, so I spend a good amount of time in photoshop, but I'm also a hobbyist illustrator that likes to paint or create conceptual work. So removing the keyboard, I can quickly get to painting while using the RadiualMenu extension, which allows me to program my own commands and activate them just like as if I were on my Wacom. Photoshop has an experimental mode that allows for the UI to scale up and use on the SP3's high resolution screen. Both of these features are musts to have if you're an illustrating and thinking about using the SP3. Same could be said for Unity and Blender, as I use these two programs frequently, but I tend to keep the keyboard connected since they are so hotkey heavy. A quick word to the digital artist using the SP3, it will take getting used to, it did for me. I'm a traditional artist and it took me some time to make the leap to the Cintiq. Then it was another leap to the SP3 since Wacom is passive tech and the SP3 uses N-trig tech, which is active. If you're a quick sketch artist you may not notice it as much, but it you're slow and methodical with your penmanship, the SP3 may frustrate you a bit since it may waggle your straight lines if you hover in one spot too long. Don't be discouraged! Find a floor model some place and doodle to your heart's content to get a feel for it. Microsoft also has a incorporated an ability to set the pen pressure curve, which is helpful. I'm just waiting for them to give us the option to swap out the function of pressing the button on the back of the pen to something other than OneNote. Any heavy rendering drains the battery pretty quickly and you'll get a couple hours of use before you'll need to plug it in. Netflixing could give you about 3 to 4 hours. For light browsing, or gaming, you can get several more hours on top of that. Once you know the machines limitations you really don't feel inconvenienced since the power brick is the only thing in addition to the SP3 you might be carrying around with you. You may notice while using the SP3 that it may sit a little precariously on your lap with the kickstand since there are only the two points of contact. I purchased a "MoKo Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Case - Ultra Slim Lightweight Shell" along with my SP3 primarily because it utilizes the SP3's very versatile kick stand, but it also creates more surface area for the hardware to rest on your lap with the addition of the cover flap. It's more comfortable this way, and being able to adjust it so freely is very nice as, depending on your eye level or where a light source is coming from, you can adjust it to your comfort. The shell provides excellent protection, however I question the slot made for the stylus as a blocking a heat port. It's easy enough to pop that top cover off, but I'd recommend drilling holes into the Moko Shell to provide adequate venting. Otherwise it fits the SP3 perfectly and gives you a little extra confidence that you won't break it while handling it, or while resting it on your lap. I mentioned prior that I had a keyboard, and I'm not sure how you can have the SP3 without one, unless you strictly only want a tablet. If that's the case, I think you may need to reconsider your needs versus what you'll actually use. SP3 is a very powerful, well balanced machine that provides a lot of options and utility to tasks that you might only consider capable on a traditional PC or Laptop. Because of the versatility, it gives you more options as to what you can accomplish while on the move, which for me is a blessing since I am hardly home enough to do the work I need to do. If you're looking for something light and fun to while away your free time, I'd consider another tablet since the Window Store is not yet up to snuff with the likes of the Android or Apple stores in regard to quality apps. The SP3 can run full-fledged programs and you should already have some in mind when purchasing an SP3 to justify the cost. The complaints I have had are mainly software related, like Netflix freezing the unit for some reason during playback or occasionally the touch screen doesn't want to register some of my touches. These are things I'm still trying to iron out. Simply getting used to the SP3 in general will require patience to anyone new to that analog. It requires some adaptation and maybe sacrifices depending on how you look at it. If you're used to one way of working, you'll most definitely need to alter your work flow to accommodate for the size of the keyboard for instance. Either get a different full keyboard, or make your movements more streamlined. Need a mouse, get a mouse! Things like that. The SP3 is not perfect and it may require some 3rd party extensions, like the RadialMenu for any artist, or f.lux, so that the super bright screen doesn't burn out your retinas in the dead of night. And not really a complaint for me, but it may be for some, running multiple process will kick on the fan and it can get quite toasty in the upper most corner. Even with my I7 version. Figured it was worth mentioning since it might be a deal breaker for some. Overall however, I think Microsoft has gotten this product to an excellent point of versatility, and has combined the advantages (and disadvantages) of a laptop/tablet hybrid to an acceptable level where you're not sacrificing anything. I'm satisfied and carry mine around with me everywhere.
R338JJ7NUL7VV3	5.0	Truly shocked how good this is	6	6	First let me state my biases. I am a long term Windows user, not out of any real love, but out of habit and necessity. I have an Android phone for which I do have real love. I dislike Apple though I admit it's more out of rebellion against the hipster hype than anything else - I can objectively see how they make beautiful products. When my ancient PC laptop died last month, I started researching for its replacement. I NEEDED something that could handle serious work (I'm not designing rockets or anything but I do create big spreadsheets and image-heavy presentations with lots of programs open all the time). I also NEEDED something that had a decent sized screen but that was also fairly light and portable. But I WANTED a tablet type interface with a touchscreen for my personal / fun usage. I looked at high-end ultrabooks, Macbooks, and the Surface Pro 3. With some trepidation, I pulled the trigger on the Surface. I resigned myself to another blah but at least predictable Microsoft experience. Boy, was I wrong. After two weeks of using it, I cannot believe how excited I am about a Microsoft product. Here are the things I like the most: - It is beautiful in sleek silver and black, unlike its predecessors. - It has laptop guts. The Intel i5 an i7 processors are fast enough for most people's work needs. - It has a large screen for a tablet, but is very light for a laptop. I find that I really can use it in both ways with ease. - The pen feels and writes like a real pen with the right friction and ability to rest your palm on the screen like you would on paper. The top button opens up the included Notes app with one click even if the computer is locked (you can write a new note, not read old notes when locked). You can also buy a wonderful app for 4 or 5 bucks that lets you create and mark up PDFs using the pen. For the first time in my life, I am paper free and take all notes electronically. - It boots from total shut down in 10 seconds. I couldn't believe it! - I know there is disagreement here, but after using it, I actually like Windows 8.1! I like being able to use the traditional desktop and with one tap, go to the new-style Start screen that is more like a modern phone or tablet that's fun to use. You can pin almost anything to that screen, not only apps but also pictures, individual contacts, live weather and news tiles, folders, even specific webpages. There are some cool new touch actions, including being able to swipe in from the left edge to drag back recently used apps, which you can snap into half the screen as well as the full screen. - I purchased the Office suite and it comes with 1 TB (Terabyte!) of free space on OneDrive, the MS Cloud storage. That's plenty of space for me to use it as backup space instead of external drives or paid backup services, and I'm also using it to transfer large amounts of files from other computers instead of messing with USB cables. It also lets me automatically backup camera roll pictures from both the Surface and my Android phone into one combined picture folder on OneDrive. - The Music app without a hiccup imported all my itunes music and even my itunes playlists and allows me to listen to it all on my Android phone. Finally! Liberation from the shackles of itunes / ipod. Of course it isn't perfect. The keyboard is somewhat flimsy if you're comparing to a laptop and the mousepad just isn't precise enough for some fine-tuning things like resizing or dragging small text boxes. And you have to pay extra for the keyboard which sucks. The Windows Apps store is currently pretty bare compared to Apple's or Android's. And you just get the feeling that Microsoft hasn't quite figured out the laptop / tablet or work / play or old school / new school hybrids yet and once in a while you feel the Frankenstein nature of it. But all in all, this is very good and a unique offering in the market if it's what you are looking for.
R26SPQCXQ081LB	1.0	Great innovation, fails due to screen scaling issues. Update: terrible customer service...now 1 star	32	41	I purchased the SP3 off of the Microsoft website. My review was denied by moderators which I cannot believe, so I decided to post that same review here. I have never known a company to conduct business that way, denying reviews that are critical of their products, but they fooled me once...never again. Below is the review about my screen scaling issues: After my initial excitement of using this new product, I have come to the realization that while it is a good attempt, it still lacks the most common usability elements that, in the end, will annoy the SH** out of you! It's the small, fine elements that are after-thoughts to a design team, but crucial to everyday use. Specifically I am talking about the scaling issues. Nothing fits the screen correctly! They built this high resolution display, but the recommended size makes everything so small that you can't possibly use the touch screen with any accuracy. So I attempt to tinker with it and go to the display settings and make everything bigger. Now on Surface itself, most things are better except for VLC, quicktime, and just about any other media players where the control buttons are so small they can definitely not be used with touch and almost to small to click accurately with a mouse! Secondly, Microsoft's own software has issues with scaling properly and there are even discrepancies among it's own programs. Specifically Powerpoint for some reason scales differently than all the other programs. Especially when you throw a external display into the mix. Thirdly, the external display scaling issues. On the external display, which in 95% of the market of external displays the resolution is lower than the SP3, everything gets messed up and individual program buttons will go too big or too small. So say your prayers when you plug into a new monitor because you don't know how your programs are going to look. You can search online for all these issues and you will see that they are documented questions on Microsoft's and other forums. Documented and unfixed questions. All in all this is big issue for usability and a terrible integration job that Microsoft has done. I really like the Surface Pro 3 hardware and what they are trying to accomplish, but these issues are so fundamental and you keep running into the same annoyance such that the whole system becomes just that, an annoyance! I hate to keep wishing that someone else would come up with a better solution for enterprise and business users, but looks like I will just have to keep wishing.
RBEP2TK55DYFJ	1.0	Horrible Quality Control, Beware! Returned after less than 12 hours.	29	37	Absolutely disappointed. After paying for 2-day shipping and receiving one that had multiple issues, I opted for a refund instead of an exchange. Your mileage may vary, as demonstrated by the multitude of positive reviews. Pros: Nice design Snappy (when I was able to use it) Has a stylus pen thing Cons: Stylus operates through bluetooth and requires two separate types of batteries: 2 coin cell batteries for the bluetooth pairer top part (don't know which type), and a AAAA battery for the pen itself (no that's not a typo, that's a Quadruple-A battery. For reference, the only place I've seen these batteries are inside 9V batteries. I've never seen them for sale.) INCREDIBLY finicky about actually going into standby INCREDIBLY finicky about waking UP from standby when it actually decided to standby Shuts off while you're using it if awoken from sleep with the power button No way to simply turn the screen off (or even dim it) thanks to InstantOn. On every occasion when I left the device in sleep mode for more than about an hour and a half, it would go into a very deep sleep, which would require me to do a hard reset on it. Further, upon coming out of that deep sleep, it would then shut off after 2 minutes. NOT go back into standby, it would completely shut off (confirmed through the event logs). And this would happen even if I was in the middle of using it. The power management seems awful as well. There's no option to dim the screen after X period of time, and there's no option to simply turn off/lock the screen after an inactive period; the only option you have is to go into standby. After charging it to 100%, after about 3 hours I was down to 30% battery, and I wasn't using it for anything I'd call strenuous. After doing some research while these problems manifested, I found that my unit may have been defective, and repair may have taken up to 3 weeks to just process. As such, I instead decided to return it, and I will look elsewhere for a 2-in-1 ultrabook offering. It's a shame because there's plenty of people who have reviewed this that haven't had a single problem, and I envy them, because this is a very nice looking product. Microsoft needs to step up their quality control, since these problems are known to them and they still choose to ignore them (or simply say "Please reinstall windows" which is an unacceptable solution).
R193VRQUNIOKRQ	1.0	Research Scaling Issues before purchase!	9	10	Its a great tool missing a key advertised function. All around its a great 'computer' yet missing the key function of scaling when inserting or removing from the docking station. Research before you buy "Scaling Issue" and you will find its a major known problem. If you plan to truly use this device as a docked Desktop and tablet you will have to fix the scaling every time requiring you to log in and log out each time you change resolution settings. I use it for business at my desk and inside vehicles like a laptop and have to change the settings requiring logging out which closes everything. Its really not optimal unless you plan to use one way or another. Using an external monitor is truly a headache with people begging for a resolution. Here is one sample, 12k views, 6 pages of posts, 0 Microsoft solutions: http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/forum/surfpro3-surfdevice/external-display-scaling-issues-surface-pro-3/00559189-3f82-4c38-bd77-969e7c6f6a10?page=1&tm=1433183745991
R47WKDWWIRO3E	3.0	It has a beautiful screen, kickstand is infinitely more usable than the ...	6	6	This is probably the biggest Love/Hate relationship I've ever had with an electronic device (if I don't count the Palm Treo). It has a beautiful screen, kickstand is infinitely more usable than the Pro 2, nice form factor for what it is... I'm even not hating Windows 8 as much when using this device. But, it has had such bad Wi-Fi issues since day one, that I have been often tempted to just dump it in my 'electronics graveyard' (as my son calls it). I'm writing this review on my MacBook Air because for some random reason, my connection on my Surface Pro 3 is 'Limited'... as it is often, no matter where I am. Resetting the adapter sometimes works, but usually a reboot is required. I have installed all of the software and firmware updates, and am still pestered with this issue. So, as a device, I think that Microsoft has done a bang up job, but they MUST deal with this wi-fi issue before I would recommend it to anyone.
R3I5SO1GJJ79DU	4.0	Here are the issues you might face in the first few weeks	14	17	First of all, I love Surface Pro 3. However, this review will try to list all of the downsides of Surface Pro 3 I encountered. The reason I’m writing this because I was looking for such reviews before I get it, but little to nobody addressed all of these. You really hit these issues only after you own it. So I decided to write one, and you'll make the decision. I’ll also attach some solutions I came across. By the way, English is not my first language so sorry for any grammatical errors. 1. Random wake up while sleeping cause battery drain. Two main reasons here. First, the device could be woke up by accidentally pressed any key on the Surface or the type cover/pen. Solution: Create a hibernate system command (shortcut), or figured out a secure way to carry your device. Second, the AOAC (or Connected Standby) failed at random time. This is a random issue now. Some had it, although I didn’t suffered from that. But do keep an eye on the first few days you are using it. 2. Yellow screen tint on the left edge of the screen. This is a deal breaker for me. In my case, I had a very light 1 inch yellow line on about 1.5 inch to the left edge of the screen. I could barely see it in normal use. But with a light gray or white background, it became pretty relevant. I did check every devices near my local Bestbuy and Microsoft store. 7 out of 9 could be visually identified with the yellow line and 2 of them were very apparent. This is a well-known issue since the 1st Surface Pro, but 3 just getting worse. Do check your device when you get it. My recommendation is return it immediately if you notice the yellow line because it’s going to get worse after few weeks. Although if it doesn’t bother you, then it’s fine. 3. The pen is pretty good, but not perfect. The calibration is very nice, however, you can still feel the difference between the Wacom digitizer on Pro 2. I do have a 2007 Wacom Intous tablet and it still produce a better pressure and detection angle then the N-trig on Pro 3. I hold my pen on about 30 degrees when I am drawing, and the new surface pen simply miss some. But when I put my surface all the way to about 160 degrees, the device failed to recognize a lot of my strokes. Also, the default pressure calibration is pretty awful in my case. Solution: Update the latest N-trig driver will help a lot. 4. Wifi issues. That only happened to me once. The wifi will failed after computer woke up although the system told you it was working. Solution: Simply reconnect the wireless. I hope the next patch will address this issue. 5. The Type Cover is NOT a Bluetooth keyboard. If you do have a preferred Bluetooth keyboard, I’ll say the Type Cover is not a must buy, however… 6. There is no secure way to attach the pen on the Surface device without the Type Cover. But there are few spots on the device had magnet, so you can stick the pen on the Surface. There are a few cools ways to keep the pen with the Surface on the internet, you can simply Google it. 7. A well-known dpi-scaling issue on all high-resolution devices, including the Surface Pro 3, will cause some desktop application menus look blurry or super tiny. Solution: Adobe applications before CC, you can try to create an external manifest to tweak the menu to a usable size. Chrome, try Chrome Canary. Other applications, no, or wait for patch. Following are some of my personal concerns, not biggies but might happen to you too: 1. Because the type cover will cover the lower part of the bezel, it’s really hard to use your pen to select the icons on the taskbar when you put the taskbar at the bottom of the screen. 2. It’s hard to use only with the pen on Windows 8.1. I need to switch back and forth between touch and trackpad. 3. The kick stand is almost perfect, but I think because of the material they use, some people still think they are going to break it, and I am the one too. (and you can find out the mechanism is pretty complicate…) 4. They use mini display port for output. Only one USB3, which is a really bad idea when you try to swap data between two sources. And only have a microSD slot instead of a full size one. I personally use the surface to do programming (visual studio 2010), audio recording and mixing (Cakewalk sonar) and drawing (photoshop CS4). It’s super fast and thanks to the better memory management on Windows 8.1, it’s an almost perfect device for me. But the issues I mentioned above really pulled the trigger for me to return it. Otherwise it’s a very nice device, I guess I just set the bar too high. But hey, it’s a $1300 device (i5-256G). I’m now waiting for the Windows 9 version of Surface Pro and hope it’s the perfect one I am looking for so long. Thanks for your time!
R3H3D20CFJXL8I	1.0	The Surface is a great concept but design flaws	42	55	The Surface is a great concept but design flaws, poor quality manufacturing and Microsoft's lack of customer support cause me to give it this rating. I wish it worked because I love the product idea but alas. So what are the problems? (1) First, the power cord - out of the box - is so loose in the transformer that it is almost impossible to re-charge the Surface. If I carefully place the cord into the transformer and then prop it in place with a pencil, I can get the charge light to light but if anyone touches the cord or walks heavily nearby it disconnects. (2) Second, after a week, the Surface's battery discharges from fully charged - in sleep mode - in about 4 hours. This is a big problem because the battery is not user replaceable. (3) Third, Microsoft's customer support is the worst. I called their help line on December 25th when I opened this present and Microsoft promised to send out a new power cord but two weeks later it has yet to arrive. But within a few days I did receive an email asking me to return the old cord so they could examine it - inherent message `we care more about our internal procedures than with customer satisfaction'. After 10 days, I called the listed phone number on that email and they first told me the cord had been delivered by Fedex but they couldn't give me a tracking number. Then they said it had never shipped. The offered 'work-around' was to ship a new cord with a promised delivery in another two weeks. (4) And on to all the relatively trivial (but still significant) design issues, including a touch screen that is far inferior to anything I have experienced with products from Apple and Samsung. I get the same erratic results with the Surface's special Microsoft pen, my finger and a capacitive pointer that has always worked great with competitive products. And then there are (a) the key pad in the cover with a lousy mouse-pad, (b) an inconsistent on-screen keyboard, (c) the on-screen keyboard covers most of the page you are looking at and (d) a poor selection of basic ap-s for the tablet (how about a good email AP for example?). I could go on but the software is definitely still a work in progress All this is very sad because the idea behind the Surface is terrific. A real computer in a tablet format that can be used as a table or a PC. I haven't quite given up yet and plan to visit Microsoft's store this Saturday but if they don't help then I will return my Surface Pro 3 to Amazon for a refund.
R269BETZUXHE8H	5.0	Excellent Laptop AND Tablet, with a few quirks...	11	13	I did my homework before purchasing. I will say that the i7 512GB Surface Pro 3 is great and has exceeded my expectations. These units have become the standard benchmark of an all-in-one device in our household. There are quite a few quirks however, and I've noted these in the Cons. I wouldn't say these are deal-breakers, but they might be for you. Pros: 1. Fantastic for gaming. Download Asphalt 8 and see just how incredible the performance, audio, and video is. Or Call of Duty. These games would put an iPad to its knees, and would give a MacBook some grief. 2. These have replaced both iPads in the home, along with 2 desktops (we purchased the docks). It transitions so well, we hardly notice the change over from desktop to laptop to tablet modes. 3. The performance and power is stellar for both browsing and workhorse apps - digital photography, audio, video editing. 4. OneNote is great with the stylus. 5. The stylus comes in very handy when browsing on it as a tablet. As iPad owners can vouch, some web sites don't work well at all with hover-over features like dropdown menus. Move the stylus within 1/2" of the screen and it behaves just like a mouse. 6. Battery life is great for an i7. We get 6 hours doing serious gaming on it. 8 hours doing normal browsing, weather, etc. 7. The Wi-Fi is very fast, and we've noticed no issues connecting. 8. The kickstand is handy when working in bed or on a couch. 9. The screen and touch interface are amazing. Incredible color and clarity. You can definitely use this outdoors. And it reacts well to both stylus and finger. 11. The fit and finish are excellent. It feels 110% solid. Cons: 1. Ridiculous stick-on tab for the stylus pen on the keyboard cover is a complete joke. Better off not even applying it as you can slide the pen onto the cover. 2. There are 2 sharp bumps on the kickstand that can irritate your legs if you're wearing shorts and typing on your lap. 3. The placement of the Window button on the face can sometimes trigger you to move out of your current application. 4. If you're not using OneNote all the time, the purple button on the stylus can launch the app without wanting it open (it can be easily disabled however). 5. The fan is noisy, but not as bad as some other laptops I've seen. Fortunately the fan doesn't kick in often for us. 6. It's still a tad heavy and bulky for a "casual" tablet. Recommendations: If you do buy one, these are the recommendations I have to get your SP3 i7 running cool and blazing fast: 1. Disable Windows Recovery Mode - it's a joke quite frankly, and it heats the tablet up and wastes resources. 2. Turn off the built-in Windows firewall service if you're behind a physical firewall. 3. Blow compressed air into the vents often (~ every 2 weeks). Dust gets in there and every little amount of dirt heats up the tablet. 4. Turn off all unneeded add-ins for IE. 5. Do not run Chrome. It's a resource hog. 6. If you're an advanced techy person, disable the BIOS encryption. You'll see about a 20% improvement in performance. 7. Run a low-resource antivirus app like Trend Micro. Symantec and McAfee are hogs and you'll probably notice the fan coming on all the time since they scan obsessively. 8. Run the security in "local mode" instead of logging into Windows Live. Less back and forth over the wire. All-in-all we're quite pleased with our purchases, and would easily add more Surface Pro's to our home when the time comes to replace the remaining laptops.
R3MCOYBJZFR1RQ	5.0	Great device, but will be "gifting" to my wife ("It's not you, Surface Pro 3, it's me")	11	13	I consider myself to have a fairly decent level of technical proficiency, having put together desktops and having owned a wide variety of devices, including iPhones, iPads, various Android devices, and several laptops. With that being said, I bought the i3 model in early August in a brick-and-mortar store using a $150-off coupon, and have had the chance to test it out in various scenarios during these past five weeks. I've decided to "gift" the Surface Pro 3 to my wife as a very early Christmas present (yes, folks, that's how we roll now that we have a young'un, and she swears she's delighted to receive my sloppy seconds). Why am I giving away my Surface Pro 3 to my wife? It boils down to the fact that the device, although a great device, meets her needs exactly, but doesn't quite suit my needs. I also passed the 14-day return policy at the store, trying to see if the Surface Pro would work for me. I'm glad I took the extra time to test out the device thoroughly, because I was able to conclude a lot about the device. Some great features about the Surface Pro 3 (SP3): 1) The type cover is what initially sold me on the SP3. Although I wish this weren't a separate purchase, it's integrated flawlessly with the SP3--you don't have to connect it through bluetooth or anything; rather, the SP3 recognizes the type cover as soon as you put it on. The keys are relatively quiet. The trackpad is also a great feature (though not always perfect--the cursor occasionally jumps to different places on the screen, but I didn't find this to be a huge deal). 2) The on-screen keyboard works great, too. I typed this entire review using the on-screen keyboard in portrait mode and it is quite good for an on-screen keyboard. Also, being able to rip off the keyboard and go immediately into tablet mode is really cool. A lot of apps don't automatically recognize the need for the on-screen keyboard to appear, however, which forces you to bring up the keyboard manually. Not a big deal, but a little disconcerting if you are used to other devices which never require manually activating the on-screen keyboard. 3) Great screen. It's noticeably bigger than my iPad 2 and much crisper, although the iPad air has a comparable resolution. As for whether the size makes the SP3 hard to hold, I don't find the device hard to hold. It's definitely a little more awkward to hold than my iPad 2, and it's no iPad mini, but that's the trade-off you get with a fully-functioning laptop. 4) Stylus. If you need to take handwritten notes or draw/paint, this is probably the best device out there for you for the price. It's one of the biggest reasons the SP3 fits my wife's needs: for her work, she can't pull out a laptop during field interviews; people find it alarming and stop giving information (she has actually been told this, as have her colleagues). So if you're in a line of work where using technology isn't 100% acceptable yet, this device is a good compromise because the stylus is somewhat traditional and doesn't call as much attention to itself (and doesn't make the clacking noise of a keyboard) but you're still able to have electronic files of all of your notes. You can then keep these notes in the cloud or e-mail PDFs of these notes to anyone through OneNote. 5) Portability. If you are always on the road or flying, this is the device for you. This is yet another reason that my wife is going to commandeer my SP3; she's constantly having to travel for work, and, as mentioned, that traveling involves lots of note-taking with her field interviews. So, there is the benefit of the streamlining/saving time during and after trips (the notes are already there in electronic format and can be e-mailed, as well as the ease of travel on airlines and airports (it's lighter than a regular laptop and no need to take it out through security because it's not like a regular laptop). 6) I never noticed any slowness or lag even though I was using the i3/4gb RAM option, although I never tried to run very demanding apps. I was able to stream Civilization 5 from my desktop in the basement using Steam Stream without issue. 7) The kickstand is awesome; I wish it were implemented on all other tablets. I particularly like being able to use it to place next to my desktop monitor for an instant extra screen, without having to worry about using a stand. Some features that didn't suit me: 1) The SP3 is a little heavy and unwieldy when using in tablet mode without support from the kickstand. 2) When playing Hearthstone, a light gaming app, you can hear the hiss of the fan spinning. It's not terribly annoying, but it is certainly noticeable. A couple of the corners get really hot, although not enough to be uncomfortable. 3) Some difficulty configuring apps. Google apps mail did not configure properly using the included mail app or Outlook (Office 365) when trying to use imap (but did work fine using POP). This may have been my fault, but I probably spent half an hour trying to set it up using imap before giving up. Likewise, the OneNote app was not intuitive to set up and required some Googling to figure out key functions. It took a while just to figure out how to email a OneNote file (unlock the device and then swipe from the right side of the screen). 4) Battery life is good, but not as good as an iPad's, which is forgivable given the comparative performance levels of the SP3. Nevertheless, this is a big reason I am going to wait for the imminent release of Core M devices. Core M is the next generation of Intel chips (die shrink from the Haswell chips found in the SP3). New technology is always on the horizon, but Core M devices are expected to be released by the end of the year (within a few months). The battery life improvements on the new chips are expected to be significant and the chips will allow fanless designs (the SP3 has a fan) while keeping or improving performance levels. I'm the kind of guy who doesn't religiously charge my electronics, can't always find my chargers, and likes to use my electronics for apps with graphics (such as gaming), so I'm always on the lookout for the device on the horizon with a better battery life. 5) Finally, I personally prefer the more solid and put together feel of a real laptop when using in laptop mode in any situation other than a flat table. I also prefer the keyboard keys to travel more when typing (i.e. to press down more), but I understand the compromises they had to make when engineering this hybrid device. This is completely a personal preference, and again, the fact that this device is so portable and has these compromises is exactly what makes it so perfect for people like my wife who need the portability for their work. So, just know what you're getting into when you get this device. For me, I don't often use my laptop on a flat surface, so I'd rather have a more solid laptop device. Overall, the SP3 is a finely engineered device with a few small quirks. For my personal needs and preferences, it's not the device for me. However, it's absolutely perfect for those who need the stylus and for those constantly on the road or in the air.
R164NYMZR4JJVE	4.0	Great Device with a flaw.	11	13	I will make this short. I purchased the I5 with a 128 gb drive online. I exchanged it for the I7 256 at the Microsoft Store in DE. Reason being I get a faster processor for gaming, bigger hard drive, and more ram, 8 gb vs 4 on the 128 gb drive models (admittedly I was unaware of the that). Keep that in mind when purchasing. I know it is a lot more $. The biggest flaw in the tablet is the ability to adjust screen resolution down and have it fill the screen. I had the guy at the Microsoft Store look at it and he acknowledged he was unaware of the issue until I pointed it out. The issue with the tablet vs your PC is when you typically adjust your resolution down, and keep the aspect ratio the same, the icons, fonts etc, enlarge, and the viewing area is still the entire area on your monitor. Not so with the Surface Pro 3. The flaw: Only at the highest resolution setting does the viewing area encompass the entire tablet screen. Now you can enlarge the fonts, icon sizes etc, in the screen resolution settings but it doesn't work the same uniformly as it does with a PC or laptop running Windows 8.1 by lowering the resolution. Not a deal breaker, but for those requiring reading glasses be aware at the highest resolution with normal font size the text is tiny to say the least so have reading glasses in hand during set up, but at 200 or 250% enlargement it is fine. Also I can't figure why they went with a MicroSD slot vs a regular one, since damn near every camera these days uses a regular SD card and they make adapters for Micro cards? Other than that, very nice device, fast, quiet, the keyboard works fine despite some stating otherwise, it is very light, way lighter than my IPad 2. You will be happy with it. It really does eliminate the need for a laptop unless you are a power user on public transportation a lot. Then I would go laptop. Just say'n.
R2YSV6U6VU0RUA	5.0	surface pro 3 is a more a laptop than a tablet, and it does its job very good	11	13	I am not going to list all the feature and comparisons of the surface pro 3, since most of the reviewers already gave out those information. I am just going to talk about it based on my own experience with it, and how I feel about it. I work in calling center environment as a stock broker, and my daily job requires lots of note taking. I use one note extensively. For the last couple of days, I can have about 30 to 40% battery left after my shift ends which is about 8 hours. I use it sparingly, so I think 9 hour battery life claimed by Microsoft sounds reasonable. Notes taking is excellent, and is easy to use. Typing on the type keyboard feel sturdy, but I feel my finger is a little more tired than I type on my MacBook pro retina 15 inch. I think that's due to the bouncing effect from the keyboard, since there is a gap between keyboard and the table if I lift the front of the keyboard up. When I use it at home, I use mostly in tablet format. I used to own surface pro 1, and I know it's heavy when holding it for a long time. This one is lighter, but feels also heavy due to the big size. It's not ideal if you want to hold it for a long time. Surface pro feels cool when just browsing the internet, and it starts to run hot around the top right corner when playing games. My surface pro 1 is warm the whole body. I understand Microsoft moved the window icon to the center of right bezel so users can life the keyboard, but I find myself sometimes touch the button, and it goes to home screen as a result. Also after I lift up the keyboard, I then don't' have access or is difficult to access the menu bard on the bottom of the screen. I guess it's a tradeoff, since you get studier keyboard that way. But you can just not lift up the keyboard if you want to access the bottom menu easier. Screen is gorgeous similar to my surface pro 1, and I feel it's better than my iPad air. I also launched the PhotoShop, but it seems PhotoShop hasn't upgrade its menu bar, the menu title are all very small, and it's very difficult to access them even I increase its size to biggest. Reading eBook isn't ideal at all in portrait mode. Maybe you can live with it in landscape mode. Kickstand is awesome, but you need to push a little harder for it to bend. All in all, I think this tablet works best in laptop mode with keyboard attached. I will update more info as I go.
R16D70TS4RBOMX	3.0	Surface pro 3 = My dream tablet computer for school.	8	9	Edit 9/8/15: Surface Pro 3 had too many problems, thankfully, I had the "Surface Pro Complete" so they swapped out my surface for a new one in the Microsoft Store, they inspected my item and said that my surface didn't have any physical damage and the surface only had a manufacturing error. (They don't fix your surface, they give you a new one.) Problems I have been facing were: •Heating problems, the surface would sometimes get to 200F and turn off automatically with a black and white thermometer warning •Middle of the touch screen stopped working (although pen worked fine) •Pen stopped responding to the screen, it works on other surfaces, but it stopped working on my own surface •Orange Hue on the Top-Left from the screen • Nearly any app I use heats up my surface •Constant bluetooth and WI-Fi disconnection which is annoying with using apps like one-note which syncs to my school account Please get insurance, extended warranty or whatever, I took care of this computer and while there is no physical damage, however, the constant, everyday use of this machine had caused a lot of problems. There are a few friends of mine who had done the same because they have been facing one or more problems similar to mine. Hopefully the new one they gave me solved my problems. I will try to edit this when I get any further problems. Edit 9/28/14: Power button can glitch-out sometimes. Sometimes it will say to "slide to shut down" when you want to put the device to sleep and sometimes which had happened to me and this other time my Surface pro 3 won't turn on at all! There have been numerous cases like mine of which I have learned for my colleagues. Turns out it wasn't a hardware problem, there something wrong with the Windows software. The solution to both my problems 2-button shutdown aka a soft-reset (which doesn't reset anything besides minor things so don't worry). You press and hold the power button for 15-30 seconds, then press and hold the volume and power button for at least 10-15 seconds. Wait a few seconds, then try turning it back on. Another problem that I faced is instead of the fan blowing-out, it softly buzzes inside, it's probably because of the dust but I have no way to clean it. I bought this item at the Microsoft store at 8/17/14 (Surface pro 3 i5 258gb) just for the insurance and $150 student discount (over as of 9/3/14), but I'm gonna review it anyway. I bought this for school because they required me to buy a windows 8 computer, a minimum of i3 intel processor (i5 recommended), at least 4gb ram, and a capable digitizer pen (not a regular stylus). The Surface pro met the expectations. However, I'm gonna use apps like adobe after effects cc, photoshop cc, and office 2013. What bummed me out is that the downloadable version of 2013 in on the surface but its not the full version, it's a trial. What had me surprised is that it is able to run all those apps at the same time, at full speed (no lag) with 4gb ram to spare (._.) that's impressive. (Probably not a good idea to use the keyboard in the open public considering how big it is.) Pros: +Windows 8.1 pro and very personalization-able (at least it's activated) +EXACT FIT for my Northface Hot Shot bookbag for school, any wider it wouldn't fit at all. +Runs high-end apps and games with ease (as said it could run after effects cc, photoshop cc, and ALL office 2013 apps at the same time) +Runs all the desktop apps that I used to have from my windows 7 desktop and run it flawlessly on the surface (runs .exe, .msi, .bat, and other extensions just like any other windows computer.) +Pen is built to last a long time +Runs ANDROID via virtualbox at full speed +Pen acts like a regular writing pen for the surface AND a mouse +You can rest your palm on the screen while writing with the pen +Good microphone +Supports 10 finger multi-touch +2160x1440 resolution, display is more detailed than the macbook air, sorry apple. +12 inches +SSD, moves files FAST :D +Only around 2 pounds +USB 3.0 port +Mini HDMI port +Does all the stuff I need to do Cons: -Overpriced, it should be worth like $700 (SSD, 4k, and small parts is what makes this thing expensive though) -Doesn't include the FULL VERSION of office 2013, why bother calling it a laptop replacement, it comes with one-note though, but it's a free app which I use in school mostly -SUCKISH camera, I don't really care about the back camera, just the front -Should have 2/more usb ports (3.0 of course) (and maybe an Ethernet port) -It feels to fragile and it also feels like its gonna be dangerous if it accidentally slipped out of my hands. -Heating problems (the touch screen gets HOT when on for like 2-3 hours without rest) -Heats to the point where the Fan is LOUD it's annoying, but its usually when the system is installing updates silently or during boot -Memory isn't enough to satisfy me, so I bought a 1TB external hard drive What I recommend to buy with this: *A keyboard (its $130 for the official one, they should've included one :/) *Microsoft Office 2013 or 365 *Screen Protector *Case/Sleeve to bring back some weight and feel more secure What I bought with this: *Northface Hot Shot backpack *MoKo Bluetooth keyboard case from Amazon *Microsoft office 2013 professional plus *Adobe Photoshop and Adobe After Effects *Screen protector *WD My Passport Ultra 1TB (with usb 3.0) The surface pro 3 is AWESOME I would recommend this who can afford it. TOTAL SPENT with accessories: $1,600 (0_0)
R3D6WPNNWL1X7Q	4.0	Good but has its flaws	8	9	Almost two weeks of using it and its good. It does all the stuff that a laptop would and even more. It is a tablet after all and it has a touch screen. Preinstalled programs work great. I actually love the Metro style. And this thing is fast. I have i5 version that is what makes it so fast but it also has a negative side to it. It heats up. I really mean it. While browsing you will be fine. If you want to run something heavy ... oh boy ... I ran Civilization V as a test. Half an hour later it was impossible to hold the device in hands. The top right corner was burning hot even for a finger to touch the screen (now I know where the CPU is located). As I mentioned already I have i5 version and people are ready to buy i7 for heavy duty applications. Well...good luck on this and I hope their tablet will not melt on them. The second major downside on the Surface 3 is its cameras. They are bad. And I do mean it: bad. The quality is not a word to use in the sentence to describe how cameras work. Image is good enough to make you recognizable on Skype. You want more? Forget about it. Pictures of documents will not let you identify a text whatsoever. Taking pictures of your [gran]kids? Only if you want to traumatize them. I have iPad to compare this to. iPad makes perfect pictures while Surface 3 does what impressionists do while painting. Do you want your business images to look like Claude Monet's masterpiece? Then the Surface's camera is what you need. Otherwise reconsider your choice. If you already have a camera and you only need a $1000+ laptop/tablet for everyday routine the Surface 3 Pro would be a great choice.
R1DSVCW55K4PEG	5.0	Work, Learn, or play. This is the real deal.	5	5	I've had my Surface Pro 3 for 5 months now and it has had zero bugs, errors or complications. I can't praise it highly enough. I'm tempted to shout "Buy it now!" But hey, this is a huge investment. I'll describe what I use mine for, and you can decide if it is worth it for you. My reason for buying: Laptop Replacement. If you want a tablet then buy an iPad, this has way more capabilities and functionality and you pay for said features. Other units I considered: Macbook Pro 2015 (my wife has one, this review isn't intended to be a comparison but the Surface Pro 3 is better, for me, in every way) Lenovo Yoga 3 (My sister in law has one of these, it crashes when she games but it's also an i3) Buying the Surface Pro 3 was the best choice Things I do most often: Netflix, obviously. Work, I run multiple programs at one time and the side by side feature for different pages is cool. I work in Instructional Design and E-learning for "the man", so I use programs like Articulate Storyline which require a ton of working memory. The i5 and 4gb speed is more than enough to handle the demand and the Surface Pro 3 can play music, have a word doc open, and let me work on Storyline all at once with no issue. I will dabble in Photoshop and InDesign on occasion, but not to any great extent. They haven't hurt the performance of my system in any noticeable way either. Things I don't really do: Gaming (much to my own chagrin) I have no doubt about the effectiveness of this system for gaming, but I can't speak to it. Bottom line: Consider this an equal to any ultrabook. It can go from completely powered off to running Storyline (think Photoshop sized program) in about 12 seconds, depending on how fast you can move the mouse. Forget considering it as an equal to any ultrabook, the truth is that Surface Pro 3 has no equal. Expensive, but worth the cost. P.s. the pen is cool
RP9YZ7DSGK8WZ	5.0	Coming from a MacBook Pro 13" Retina to the Surface Pro 3 (software developer)	5	5	I worked with Apple products for years starting in 1996, apart from 2 years on Windows XP. To be honest, I was a bit weary to use Windows. But given that Windows 10 is around the corner, and I really liked what I saw, I switched now. Additionally, I'm a software developer, working with Java and nodejs. For that matter, I need to run Java, Tomcat, Node.js, MongoDB and MySQL on any machine. That said, I'm really impressed by the Surface Pro 3. I got the i7 with 512gb SSD and the performance is impressive. Very fast, and responsive. The hardware is top notch. The device feels sturdy, buttons respond quickly and the whole device feels like it has been tested well through. The big difference, coming from the Apple side, is that this really is a laptop AND a tablet. It is the same system, you still got all your application at your disposal. It is light and with the extra keyboard quickly becomes a powerful laptop. Really, really useful. Some reviewers said that one cannot use the Surface on a laptop. I've found that one surely can and it feels quite good and usable. The only issue is that it becomes a bit uncomfortable after a while as there "keyboard connecting parts" stick out a bit. The screen is absolutely gorgeous and perfect for my needs. The resolution works perfectly for a laptop/tablet. That being said, there are three issues with this device: 1) Battery The battery life is "moderate" to say the least. On a full charge I get about 3 hours. Nothing special as I get about the same amount with my MacBook Pro. 2) Charging Not sure why, but charging takes a long time. Charging from 5% to 100% takes about 2 1/2 hours. 3) Heat The device gets quick hot under moderate load, meaning when the CPU is at about 30% a fan comes on. Windows 8.1 is another matter and while I do not have much issues, I find the the Metro and old control panels very confusing. I find myself more than once clicking through a lot of panels in order to find something. Sometimes the touch keyboard doesn't come on (especially in Google Chrome). I'm guessing this is more down to Windows and/or Google. However, a quick click on the taskbar brings the keyboard up, so it is not such a bit issues for now. In summary, I can wholeheartedly recommend this device. I'm very happy with my decision.
R1NKS7JUJ55X1N	5.0	Business up front, party in the back	5	5	I've been usually suspicious of microsoft devices and haven't been too impressed by anything much they've put out in the last 10 years. My previous two laptops were 15 inch MacBook Pro's. That said, I really like the SP3 as an all-in-one device and highly recommend it. I'm a university professor and research scientist, so am primarily using heavy graphics, presentation software, scientific writing and data management, & have had the SP3 for about 5 months now. I bought the dock for my SP3 to use in my office and would say that the dock is a must if you truly want to have a device to replace your laptop at work. Dock has 5 USB ports (the USB on the SP3 is still function when hooked to the dock, for a total of 6 USBs), a mini-HD, power supply and is magnetized to keep the bluetooth pen handily nearby (have yet to find a use for the pen). I find it's great to have the dock at work, while the tablet & type cover is fine for going mobile (home or conferences). I hook up an external monitor to the SP3 at work and really like the way the screen splitting thing allows for multiple apps to be open within their own discreet spaces, and typically I'm working while having 3 to 5 different apps visible and working (powerpoint, word, spotify, email, internet). Love being able to have all of these open and locked into their own space (which I size and determine) and to seamlessly move from one to he other without minimizing or screwing around with the size of the apps on the screen. Before getting this, I didn't think this would be something I'd care about, but am now hooked. I had the overheating issues others have spoke of early on, but recent software updates seemed to have cleared this up. Battery power is good considering the type of processor that is being run (it's not a tablet processor!) and the capabilities of the device. Graphics are clear and crisp and using the surface to play movies from the internet through the TV works great. It's kind of like a mullet, business up front and party in the back. Plenty of power to be a full-time work computer, while it does everything I like about tablets. For future SP, would recommend that Microsoft make a few additional improvements. (1) That the trackpad for the next versions (incorporate 2, 3, and 4-finger specific functions like the McApples). (2) That the hinge on the kickstand be put on the bottom, making the top portion swing out and down so that it sits better on one's legs when working while sitting on the couch. Bottom line, if you're spending the money on a high-functioning laptop and a separate high-end tablet, then this is a great buy. It is priceless for me to have one device to use for everything that can handle everything.
RBDF2BVXFB94G	5.0	Better than I've hoped for!	5	5	After a few months of using the Surface Pro 3, I'm really impressed. I do believe that Microsoft's marketing strategy is very wrong - Surface Pro is a laptop that can replace your tablet, not the other way around. To quickly summarize my opinion about SP3 - I love the device and it's going to be my primary work device for the years to come. Bravo Microsoft, you have built a great device (for the record, I didn't really like SP1 or SP2). I cannot comment on software issues, as I'm running it with a very early build of Windows 10. I'm having a certain issues with a wifi, but that's most probably related to the beta of Windows 10. PROs: 1.) You can use any input method you like - virtual keyboard, physical keyboard, fingers, touchpad, stylus... I regularly switch between all of them. 2.) You can use it as a tablet or laptop (and of course easily switch between them). 3.) All your regular Windows applications will work without any issue. This is a huge advantage compared to iPad (I have that one as well). I especially love my full Google Chrome with all the extensions. 4.) Performance is great (i7 model) and it is not overheating (after firmware upgrade). 5.) Great on the road (I travel a lot). Undock the keyboard and it's a perfect fit for airplane tray (for watching a movies). It's very easy to use on your lap - I know a lot of people complained about this, but I definitely didn't have any problem at all. The backstand is a great feature! 6.) Great piece of engineering. The SP3 feels very solid and robust and I love the small features - for example backstand is great, charger includes an USB port and there is a magnet on the side that can hold the pen for a short period of time (and charger connector has battery as well). 7.) Keyboard (sold separately) is suprisingly great. As an old school IT guy that writes with all 10 fingers, I've always hated touch keyboards (and soft press keyboards). Type Cover is suprisingly great and it has the best (after Apple) touchpad I have every seen. This was actually my biggest worry before buying it. CONs: 1.) Battery life is good for a laptop, but not really great for a tablet. On the average, I've seen around 4 hours of battery life. 2.) Only single USB 3.0 port and mini DisplayPort. I'm not really affected by this, as I'm planning to buy a USB hub (with ethernet port) as well as DisplayPort to VGA\HDMI\DVI. This limitation is understandable due to the small body of the SP3. 3.) Price. SP3 is expensive, however you need to understand that you're buying an equivalent of Macbook Air with iPad (I have both as well). Once you realize that, the price doesn't seem so excessive. I've made a mistake that I've bought a cheap ultrabook before - and it was destroyed in less than one year :( Overall, I'm really surprised how good Surface Pro 3 is.
RQNYGN5A2U68G	4.0	Fantastic for School, OK for Gaming	5	5	This review will be long so I would divide it up so you can find and read only what you wish to learn about. It should be noted I bought a refurbished model for a few hundred dollars cheaper, which I regret, as some of the glitches in design and function may be due to that. DESIGN - 3/5 Stars I like the design on this for the most part. The keyboard attachment system is awesome, working magnetically and with extreme ease to set up. But it can at times not connect all the way, so that you might have to un-attach and re-attach it to get it working. The windows logo you see on the right front of the tablet is actually the equivalent of the windows key on the keyboard; it will bring up the home screen with all the apps. This is actually more annoying than nice, as I often hit it accidentally when holding the tablet or adjusting it. I never have liked Windows 8 more than Windows 7, and that is no exception on here. However, it is much better on the touchscreen at least. One of the better parts of this generation of surface tablets though is the wide range of the kickstand (the thing on the back that it rests on) which is much better than previous generations that have had either 2 fixed positions, or a bit more than that. But this model can be set to almost entirely flat on either top or bottom, making it awesome for watching movies in bed or in the car--wherever really. And since the keyboard is magnetic, I am typing this lying down with the keyboard being almost straight with the tablet (you basically have another 300 degrees of adjustment with the keyboard) and so I highly recommend getting the 2nd generation keyboard that is backlit, and I personally prefer the buttons. UTILITY - 4/5 I got this mainly to play video games on when I go home on the weekends without a computer and to take notes at school. That said, it works decently for games, but not as well as I had hoped. It gets extremely hot when running pretty much any game, but another nice feature of the keyboard is that it doesn't have that heat--which is one of the reasons I got this and not a laptop. I can't run high end games as it is too laggy, but it may be possible with the i7 higher RAM versions. I also dislike that it does not have a CD drive, although compared to other tablets the USB and mini USB slots are nice. I really like the surface pen and Onenote functionality of the tablet, it is fantastic for taking notes. In Word, I find it very difficult to use the outline format as it is difficult to adjust the spacing, lettering, subheaders, etc. but in Onenote, it's as simple as backspacing or hitting tab. It also is great because I can double click the pen and clip a piece of a screenshot, directly sending it to Onenote, which is SO useful. The pen also allows writing additional notes, which is ideal when taking notes for Math, statistics, etc. in which typing speeds notetaking but other laptops and tablets get tripped up inputting a graph or chart, consuming valuable time. Onenote also syncs to all my devices, so I can read notes I took from my tablet on my computer or at home on my phone. Onedrive also is on this, which I can do the same with any file I save and access anywhere, without any additional effort needed to save the file from Office. Education utility-wise I give this tablet a 5/5, video game-wise I give this model a 3/5 only because I can actually install games on it and install PC musts that other tablets (even the surface 3 [nonpro edition]) such as Adblock and Java. Performance-wise though it is not good for games, although higher end versions of this tablet may perform better. I also HIGHLY recommend buying this straight out brand new and not save the extra 100 or 200 on the refurbished model. I have found a bunch of very small problems that annoy and take the excitement out of buying a new surface pro 3, none of which warrant returning it but all of which make me wish every day 'i had bought it new. These things might include everything from the keyboard not fitting properly to the charger being bent. CAMERA - 1/5 I find the camera to really not be useful at all, except maybe for Skype. Where I would have liked to use it, as advertised, is Onenote, to snatch a picture of the board or borrow a friend's notes quickly and snap it into my notes. But the quality is terrible, and you can only see the general picture (such as the shape of a graph) but not the details, which are vital. So I only use my phone to take pictures and upload that sort of thing into Onenote, which works great with double the megapixels this tablet camera has. So to me, the camera is virtually useless, as I dont even skype much and if I do it's without video. If it was better quality it would have been a fantastic addition, so it hurts to see the lost potential. BOTTOM LINE SUMMARY If you are a gamer looking to play video games on this, go for the higher end models with the i7 processor 8G+ RAM if you expect to play any medium to higher level graphics games. For students, you will not find a better tablet or even laptop that is as portable and efficient as this. If you're trying to decide between this and earlier generations or pro vs regular surface tablets here's the quick breakdown: Surface Tablets have less range on the kickstand, especially in earlier generations. They cannot install ANY software, including Java and Adblock, which was a deal breaker for me. The Surface Pro versions are a must for students and businessmen, and the pen is a must. Pro versions allow you to install any software, but not via CDs.You can see on the Microsoft website or Google the differences between the Surface 2 and 3 for full details. Lastly, do not buy refurbished, as there are always small nagging problerms you will encounter that ruin the experience of buying this new. SUPER SIMPLE BOTTOM LINE: BUY THE SURFACE 3 PRO i5 OR BETTER NEW WITH THE SURFACE KEYBOARD V2 OR BETTER P.S. in case anyone was wondering who are either Amazon credit card or Chase Freedom customers, buying from ANY seller will get you your reward points, as long as you checkout with Amazon payments. If you have neither cards, I recommend getting the Chase Freedom one before buying this if it is currently September-December as you can activate for free 5% cashback on all Amazon purchases, saving you 50 bucks or more that quick.
R2PI7J21A29VSR	5.0	Great for school	5	5	I purchased a Surface Pro 3 (128 GB) for use while studying tax law at NYU. I'm as excited about this device as I was when I got my first iPhone. It is really incredible. I had been using an iPad with a full-sized bluetooth keyboard for the last three years, mostly for taking notes during class and preparing simple outlines. I did little to no heavy writing and editing on the iPad. The main limitation of using an iPad is that you can't tab between windows, and it is difficult to cut and paste text, both of which I need to do frequently in tax. Of course, you can only have one window open on an iPad, which can be a serious limitation. The Surface screen size is slightly larger than the iPad, and is actually perfect. The iPad screen is a little small, although I didn't realize that until I upgraded to this device. The Surface is still light and portable, and the full-size keyboard works like a charm. I use a bluetooth mouse instead of the trackpad, so I won't comment on how that works. (I generally hate trackpads - but, from what I can tell, this one is not quite as good as the trackpads Apple uses on their Pro line, but it works in a pinch when I don't have my regular mouse.) I initially purchased the smallest size (I think 64 GB). I rarely use a lot of storage (16 GB iPhone is only ever half full), so I thought this would be fine. However, the operating system and everything else occupies about half of that, and after I had installed only a handful of programs, I only had 10 GBs left, which seemed too tight. I traded it in for the larger 128 GB device, which is also faster. I can't comment on the speed difference because I didn't use the slower one for more than a couple of days, but I don't have any problem running software on this device, including the occasional Photoshop use.
R11HWW7W9JU876	5.0	A few bumps in the beginning, but very pleased with the end result!	5	5	The surface is a great piece of technology that has left me both very satisfied and very cautious. I bought the surface because I was pretty much done with my laptop. I wanted something I could take to school, work, and have at home as a form of everyday use and entertainment. Plus the fact that it can handle programs like MS Office like a regular PC really sold it for me. I ordered and had my surface within the week. What followed was not so great. My surface was defective! I had what surface users dubbed the "phantom touch". This is when your touch screen is rendered completely useless, because it is as if some one is touching your screen already. The touch bubble just continuously touches a specific part of the screen (bottom right corner in my case). I was very upset especially when I thought about the amount of money I paid for the product. I was trouble shooting the device the next day, and found nothing I did worked. I called MS support (very friendly, and patient) and went through the same trouble shooting procedures. Finally they determined there was nothing more to do. They scheduled for a new surface to be delivered to me. I sent them my defective surface and I had my new surface within the next week. Besides the hassle and waste of time that the first surface put me through I still have to give this 5 stars because the product is fantastic. I don't know if "hybrid" is a proper word to describe it, but its a mix between a laptop and a tablet. I was excited because I could use MS without having to worry about converting or anything. I downloaded iTunes and put all my music, pictures and documents in this machine. The operating system is windows 8, and as we all know its app based. The cool thing is that if there is an app for a specific job, task, program, or website you want, its at your fingertips. The downside is that sometimes those apps are not very responsive (like the YouTube app), or they don't have the app for the thing your looking for (no app for the bank I use for instance), but the little hiccups are out-shined by everything else you can do on the surface. The One Note app (program) is fantastic. I can write notes using the wireless stylus and convert those notes over to MS Word, I can create spreadsheets for work and graphs without having to worry about converting and loosing certain things. There are still more things you can do that I have yet done, but over all I would say the Surface Pro 3 has made quite the impression on me. I'am both impressed and aware of what products like these are capable of doing, but the good sides of it have out weighed the bad. I would really consider looking into this if you want a tablet and still have the functionality of a laptop.
R2RJ9D7CBCTF3G	5.0	Still a great PC - hard to make the case for Tablet + PC	5	5	This is my second Surface Pro - I had the Surface Pro 2 128MB model and liked it enough to move to the Surface Pro 3 - 256 GB with the Intel i7 - wanted the smaller form factor, more powerful processor and use it a true table + laptop replacement. My quick verdict - I use the system for Java development and I like the machine - it is fast and powerful like a laptop would be. I have added a 64 GB Micro SD card and it is very slow - not sure if this is just the card or the I/O on the expansion port. It is noticeably slower than the on-board SSD (as expected) but it is bordering on "terrible". Granted that it is doing a lot of IO, but with numerous small files that get written and updated often - this doesn't perform well in this set up. I have also see/found that removing files is REALLY bad/terrible and I am assuming that this is the Windows 8.1 "genius" OS trying to ensure that there is some form of background recovery of the files possible - compiling and removing Java classes is not what the OS is built for. I have my reservations on the full tablet mode use of this machine. The Windows 8.1 applications are terrible. The same vendors making stable, web or native Windows apps have a lot of problems with the Windows 8.1 environment: Evernote (can't stay up for more than 15 sec), Keeper Security (10 secs before a crash). The only one that works and works consistently - Netflix (a great entertainment application, but Netflix runs on a number of other systems/tablets/laptop without issue, so it is not justification for buying this Surface Pro 3 with one working "tablet mode". Like the pen - but had some issues with the pairing with Bluetooth.
R1931KMTMCG8RV	5.0	need a laptop? Tablet? here you go.	5	5	I have 3 laptops and 3 tablets (N7, N10, Ipad) an iphone, N5... with the first two Surfaces i figured i was covered and there was no need for another "Tablet" when the 3 came out with the i7, 8gb of ram the inner nerd in me wanted one. I normally have a laptop in the dinning room which angers my wife and i figured this would be less clutter. i also keep my N10 near for browsing while sitting on the couch. Laptop - GONE N10 - GONE The surface 3 is truly a device that kills both birds with one stone. I don't care about the Apple crowd or the Android crowd i have both... i like technology and every once and awhile something comes along that is true awesome whether its google, apple or MS. This thing is a tablet, but here i am with full blown programs like Office, Starcraft II... no junky apps for everything. Cons- Nothing is perfect! the keyboard (attached) ( i have only had it for 3 days) is a little hard to get use to but i am sure with time i will get good at it. My first windows 8 device... slight learning curve but not as bad as i though, the app store is lacking compared to the other big two. Case selection sucks... i spent over $1.5k i want this thing in a case, but all i find are the made in china junk ones and the over the top cases that end up being a pain. I want a simple hard case that leaves the keyboard flap functional.
R28ZZCIKFS9YYB	5.0	Slick but confusing	13	16	The SP3 is one of the most impressive pieces of technology I've ever used. It can also be really confusing, because it's really multi-modal. 1. It runs all normal Windows desktop applications. It also runs all the tablet mode windows applications. This can lead to some problems. First off, the tablet mode is totally different than the desktop mode. This is fine, but it can get confusing where the modes overlap. Ex. there's a tablet internet browser and a desktop internet browser. Which one should you use? There's a settings page in tablet-land, and there's all the normal control panel settings. Are they the same? To switch applications, you can slide your finger from the left side of the screen (to Microsoft's credit, this is slick-as-hell). But you can also alt-tab when you're in desktop land. To run split screen apps, you can use a slide-in-from-the-side finger gesture. But you can also be in the desktop and snap them to the sides of the screen (or resize the windows however you want). These types of multi-tasking don't work exactly the same, so when you're doing something, you can really get thrown off when you notice that there's no title bar to drag the program over there, etc. 2. There are a huge number of slightly-different input methods. Of course, you can use a keyboard and mouse and use it just like a normal Windows laptop or desktop. But you can also use finger input. Then there's also a pen input. It doesn't behave exactly like fingers (ex., in a web browser, dragging the pen around typically highlights text, whereas your finger will usually scroll around). This can be nice, assuming the program you're using supports it consistently. Then there's also support for touchpad on the keyboard cover. That's four pointer inputs (mouse, pen, finger, touchpad). For keyboards, if you don't have a keyboard, then one will pop up on the screen when you need it (sometimes... but other times you have to click the little icon and bring it up yourself). Even the onscreen keyboard has like 4 modes (normal keyboard, split keyboard, writing-to-text, and some other mystery mode that it wouldn't ever let me select). It just seems like way too many options for the average user. The actual device is pretty incredible. It's super thin, looks great, solid construction, thermals are kept in check pretty well. Fan occasionally comes and you can definitely hear it, but it's not that big of a deal. Screen is really sharp and looks great. Overall, for the amount of performance you get, I think it's priced pretty fairly (actually, I suspect Microsoft's margins are really low on it). Battery life is great. Miscellaneous stuff: The power connector is a cool magnetic thing (which they kinda copied from a certain competitor in Cupertino, but it still works great). Also, the power charger has an extra USB port for charging, which I'm in love with. No need to bring a separate wall wart around to charge your cell phone, just plug a charging cable in there. The kickstand is really solid and can open to any angle. The (sold separately) type cover is pretty nice, although I do end up making a lot of typing mistakes on it. It's a full size keyboard, so it's not that bad. I'm just not used to some of the key placements. (If you buy this tablet, you should probably buy that too since it's obviously an intended part of the overall design.) But even though these hardware features are well implemented, in actual use, I tend to spend too much time messing around with them. Should I plug in a mouse? Nah, the pen is good enough. But wait, the pen isn't as precise or fast as a mouse! And it's annoying to have my hand in the way whenever I'm selecting stuff! Better go get the mouse. What angle should I put the kickstand at? Hmm wait this task is more well suited for portrait orientation, I'll switch to that. Oh wait now my keyboard doesn't connect at that angle. Basically, I find that when I'm using it, I spend too much time thinking about these kinds of things and not enough time working. It's the paradox of choice, distilled directly into computer form. Speaking of usage modes: as a tablet, it's just way too big. The corners are sharp and uncomfortable to hold. As a laptop, it's a bit better. I think that's why they're pitching it against the MacBook Air. One usage model that it supports beautifully is as a digital notepad. Press the back button of the stylus and it takes you into OneNote. For a student, I can see this being awesome - all of your notes are in one place, you can tag them and categorize them, you can write them or type them, you can draw a diagram just as easy as you would on paper. If you can get a digital copy of your textbook, you can have it opened right next to your notepad. There are currently some early-adopter woes going on. Pen pressure level support is really spotty. I couldn't find any free paint program that supports it well. (the included MS OneNote supports it fully and it's awesome there. So I really don't have any doubts that the hardware itself is capable. But OneNote is not really a paint program, so it doesn't really fit the job.). There are some weird wifi issues which I think are software related and will probably eventually get a fix. Also, the screen looks great and is pretty high pixel density, but not all software scales up all the interface elements correctly. Every once in a while, you'll find a teeny tiny close button or icon, or a misaligned text box, or one of a zillion other issues like this. It's more of an industry issue, and hard to pin the blame totally on Microsoft, but it's an issue nonetheless. Basically, Microsoft has made another tablet the same way they've been making tablets since they started making them way back in 2002. They tried to jam a whole desktop computer in there. To their credit, this is probably the best they've ever done. It can be really compelling, and certainly its functionality it blows the competition out of the water. But it can also be really confusing and complicated. I think to really love this device, you kind of have to be a techie who loves finagling around with different options and inputs and modes and stuff. So, the device itself is absolutely fantastic; and if it suits your usage model, then I 100% recommend it. I just think that's probably a pretty small audience.
R2QP01OB62DGJ1	5.0	from a student's perspective	5	5	I'm a student and I absolutely love my Surface Pro 3. I use my surface everyday during my classes. It's great for note-taking on the OneNote app that works with the bluetooth pen. I was debating on whether or note to get an iPad Air or a Surface and I am so glad I chose to get a Surface. The main reason I wanted a tablet/tablet-computer was for school, and the iPad is simply not powerful enough for productive work. The Surface is a computer, it just looks and feels different. Therefore, I am able to open PDFs, annotate, type on a full sized keyboard, conduct research, multi-task, and take notes on a platform that syncs my notes with my account. The iPad has some note-taking apps, but the OneNote app paired seamlessly with the bluetooth pen is far superior than any iPad app and stylus you will find. The Surface Pro 3 will not disappoint. If you're looking for a new computer, but want the versatility of a tablet, this is what you need.
R3NY4J7PH2SMSG	5.0	I use the surface for drawing comics	10	12	So far the Surface ha been really great. It's lightweight so I can carry it anywhere and it is pretty powerful. I mainly use my Surface 3 to do art. I primarily use Manga Studio 5 (I've never run Photoshop on here). I do have Blender for some 3D pre-visualization, and it seems to run decently, but I haven't put it through it's paces yet. As for Manga Studio drawing with the pen is actually decent. It may not have the 2048 levels of pressure that a Cintiq offers you, but it does let you do thick and thin lines. Manga Studio 5.0.4 has a tablet mode meaning that it's easier to use on a device like this and I can mostly get away with using the pen and just draw. If I need to do any complex layer maneuvering (i.e. moving multiple layers) I would need a keyboard and the on-screen one isn't good enough for that purpose, but it's fine for naming layers and some simple text work. You'd need a separate keyboard for hotkeys. I use a knock-off apple bluetooth keyboard for that purpose. I intend to use my Surface Pro 3 to do everything you would need in the process of making a digital comic: scriptwriting, storyboarding, pre-vis, illustration, etc. There are some palm rejection issues. Sometimes it can register as a touch and then pan your canvas or you might move a button. I wouldn't say I had a delicate touch, but most of the time I can rest my palm on the surface and draw quickly. The windows button does get in the way if you're a rightie, but you just turn the tablet 180 degrees and it's out of your way. If you must use the kickstand to get an angle, it's doable. So the kickstand can bend pretty much all the way back. If you want the windows key out of your way just turn it 180 so the windows key is on the left and then pull the kickstand out and pull until it feels sturdy -- once you go out of the basic upright position the Surface's kickstand has some friction to it. Just don't draw to hard and you should be fine or use your hand to help support the angled tablet. There is a fan and it's noisy, but when I'm drawing it never comes on -- and I usually have chrome open in the background as well. I heard it most when running video (youtube) or skyping. The latter is more of an issue since the fan sound seems to leak into the microphone and then it gets transmitted and then fedback, so you get to hear the gentle sound of static from it over your conversation. Other than that I've used the tablet for some general web surfing. I also have some games installed on it, but I rarely play games since this is meant to be a work machine for me. It's really light so I bring it everywhere. i got a small 13 in. laptop bag and carry the tablet, the power brick (very small and light) and the pen as well as some other things. it's much nicer than the 15 in. laptop I was carrying before and a lot more inconspicuous. It's pricey, but it's a full on computer. You run full on apps. I mostly ignore the Windows 8 metro stuff.
R18H0DBRJC11S5	5.0	Love my surface pro 3	5	5	I bought this because I was going to start working on my doctorate. At first I almost regretted my purchase... I wondered why I spent extra money on this small piece of equipment when I could have saved money on a typical "lap top." Very soon, I embraced my surface pro: nothing can replace the ease of putting my surface pro in my purse, and just going... anywhere. I can read, work on a paper, keep in touch... anything... without the bulk of a lap top. The additional docking station and keyboard are a must (I used my own mouse, and don't worry about the mouse when I am traveling). I attached one of my monitors at home to the docking station, so I have more screen space when I need. This little machine has excellent power, graphics, etc. I have a desk top at home which is now neglected because I have everything on my surface pro. I know this will last me a long time... best purchase ever.
R2OALNG029OIYL	5.0	Great Tablet/Laptop Combo	5	5	Great product, but a bit pricey, especially after adding the keyboard. This unit has replaced my 14" laptop and my 10" tablet. Depending on where/what I am doing, I've used touch, keyboard, mouse or pen. It took a couple of days for me to get used to the smaller keyboard; the backlit keyboard turned out to be a good choice, especially when traveling. The ability to add a microSD card has proved helpful; I added a 128Gb SDXC microSD card, which gives me enough total storage space to take along most of what I need for my frequent travel. To replace a desktop, I would recommend the docking station option, or, at a minimum, a USB hub and a Mini Displayport adapter. As the screen is great, a second USB port would take care of most of my needs. (Retired IT professional; touch typist and heavy office-related application user)
R1VM4X5SR4MZ00	1.0	Warning i3 model is slow - not worth it.	35	46	This version of the Surface Pro 3 is not worth buying. Stick to the i5 and i7 processor models. The cost cutting on this model is essentially the smaller HDD. But going with the i3 processor has serious performance limitations. This is dog slow. It cannot keep up with simple typing. You might think you just do not need the power, maybe so, but then go with a much cheaper tablet. The higher performance units are nice.
RHS408BB9MYXI	4.0	Love it after getting a replacement	5	5	Absolutely love the Surface Pro 3 after getting it directly from Microsoft. I had to return the lemon I got through Amazon. It had hardware issues and would not go to sleep, or when it did, it would crash and reboot or not wake up at all without the special 2-button restart documented by Microsoft. The one I got from the Microsoft Store didn't have any of these problems. This little computer can run all the software I need as a developer and designer -- IIS, SQL Server, Visual Studio, Cisco VPN client, Photoshop, Illustrator, MS Office, etc. I don't particularly like Windows 8.1, but it at least makes more sense on a Surface than on a non-touch laptop or desktop workstation, and I'm getting used to it. I love how convertible the Surface is, going from a tablet to a full workstation when hooked up at my desk.
R2KT4T9LDRJVXT	1.0	Working less than a year: Reneged on Warranty	5	5	Despite being my most expensive computer purchase, my Surface lasted less than a year before the drivers became defective. Microsoft troubleshot the issue multiple times and was unable to fix it, so I shipped the Surface to Microsoft within its warranty window and it was returned to me with a note saying they couldn't replace it since it shows some wear, accompanied with a sticker pointing to a scratch on the side of the product. Essentially, the warranty is only honored if the laptop is sent in pristine condition, thus giving Microsoft a way to avoid the costs of replacement. I'm switching to Macs, and as an instructor, I'm no longer endorsing Microsoft products to my students or colleagues.
R1BUY4MQV0VH2K	1.0	READ THIS BEFORE PURCHASING!	15	19	This was a great idea that has been VERY, VERY poorly executed. INTERNET: The internet doesn't work unless you are RIGHT near the modem. TRUST ME. This is not just my experience. The Fresh Paint program is awesome - and tricked me into buying this over an iPad 2, which I now luckily have. HOME BUTTON: The placement of the HOME button is EXACTLY where you hold the iPad so you will find your self endlessly swearing as you hold, move, adjust or breathe on the device and it interrupts your movie to redirect you to the home screen. This is a MAJOR design flaw that has been widely discussed online. Try playing a game on this thing. Just try, without touching the sides. It's maddening. You don't have to push a button, it's touch sensitive. TYPING: When you try to type and click in a window or address bar, nothing happens. You have to manually pull up the keyboard and then manually put it away after. Each time. This feels extremely unnatural and makes typing anything feel like a procedure. It really sucks. CUSTOMER SERVICE : I could have really liked this thing, the graphics are awesome, but it's SO user-UNfriendly. For me, the worst part about this whole experience has been getting the runaround by the worst customer support system I've ever seen. This place makes Time Warner Cable look golden. The techs are perfectly friendly, that's not the issue. But aside from being redirected so many times that I gave up through sheer exhaustion multiple times, they will only answer you with scripted answers. "After you give them a detailed description of your technical issue, and complain that you keep getting forwarded around without receiving any help, prepare to hear ," Yes, Mam. I understand. I am sorry that you are dissatisfied with your product. Unfortunately, I am not able to grant you a return or exchange. Let me transfer you to someone who can help you." Then be prepared to hear this several more times. This literally happened to me yesterday- "You will need to speak with Online Services." "You will need to speak with Customer Support." "I'm sorry that you were transferred to us Mam, you need to speak with Online Services." "I'm sorry that you were once again transferred to us Mam, you need to speak with Customer support, let me get them back for you. I understand your frustration. One moment please." "A supervisor? Certainly, please hold... (27 minutes later... CLICK. DIAL TONE.) Beware of how MICROSOFT does business once you've actually bought the product. If you've had a good experience, God Bless... you were one of the lucky ones. By way of contrast, I've never had a single problem with an Apple product that wasn't immediately addressed - and to my benefit, not the company's. Apple looks long term and goes out of their way to keep you as a customer. I'm not saying all Microsoft products are bad, but I will never buy from them again do to this 7 month saga just to get an exchange. The months of phone calls and tech support calls required to get an exchange approved has been crazy and infuriating. I would discourage anyone I care about from doing so. Not worth it. Disappointed though as the Surface Pro 3 had so many possibilities!
RNKJD7TK6MT5P	5.0	One heck of a device!	15	19	It is a great device, Microsoft has a really good one on it's hands. A little about me: I am a techie, I own all kinds of computers, I have 2 gaming laptops (i7's, high end dedicated gpu's) and 2 gaming desktops that I built as well. I own an 32GB Ipad Mini Retina Display, and a 32GB Google Nexus 7 2013 edition. I have also owned a lot of computers in the past. Some basic and some with serious horsepower under the hood. I've wanted a Surface Pro from the 1st gen on and finally after a lot of patience I finally am the proud owner of a Surface Pro 3! While this hybrid of a machine doesn't replace my laptops fully that is only because of the power that the laptops have. It HAS pretty much replaced my tablets though. This HAS also become my grab and go device thanks to the fact that it can run full blown Windows Software, and it's REALLY nice to install just about anything to it. No worries about if there is 'an app for that' which there isn't always one in my case, though I'll admit that it's rare. It's full fledged Windows! The Windows Store has a lot of apps and while it's not as filled as Apple or Google one only needs to remember, you CAN install just about all your older Windows software. I installed Office 2007 because I'm not ready to completely rely on the cloud. That and my internet can bug out at times. But I do like using the cloud to sync my devices and to use for backup of my more important documents and pictures. So like the hybrid device I am a hybrid user! I went with the 256GB/8GB model as I discovered that you can't upgrade the ram and unless you want to break your device you can't really upgrade the SSD either. I figured for what my uses where the 256GB would suffice and I can always add more with the microSD card slot so it was no biggie. My impressions thus far is it is a wonderful hybrid. I walked into this with the thought of this being a tablet first and a laptop second. (I wanted a tablet that could run Windows software.) To that aspect it has far exceeded my expectations, but what I didn't count on was it is also a decent laptop. I can very easily sit on my bed and watch tv while typing or playing a few games. Gaming wise, this won't blow you away, you can play a few games but don't expect it to go on 'high' settings or such. The big shine though is because I have a gaming desktop I can use Steam's Game streaming service where the desktop will render the game and then stream it to the Surface. Now that turns it into a gaming system! I haven't really tested it heavily but it works. The built in kickstand is really nice and I ended up missing it when I went to my ipad mini for some quick references (couldn't remember all my email addresses) A few minor annoyances that I am welling to let go. Occasionally I need to disconnect the type cover and reconnect it, I don't know if its the Surface or the cover that got confused, but it's something. I also needed to reboot the device as it stops responding, but this has honestly happened only 2 times and I think I may have been pushing it a little too far with the multi-tasking. (2x Virtual Machines, while running a Minecraft server AND attempting to Stream a steam game as well as having about 12 tabs open in chrome.) I forgot all this was going on, oops. So this is probably more of a my bad as I AM used to higher powered devices, but the fact that it really didn't lock up until I launched Steam Streaming I think is pretty dang good for such a small device. (Honestly I was planning on trying to push it to it's limits but wasn't ready to test. This was more by accident and a whoopsie.) It is a bit heaver than my Ipad mini, but when I look at the power under the hood I tend to get positive about it, just don't expect it to weigh the same or less than that. Another gripe and it's kind of big but isn't really to do with the Surface itself but with the type cover (which will be reviewed) is that the sleeve that the Pen goes into just has a sticky side to it that you stick to the type cover where you want, if your not careful it WILL fall off thus losing your precious pen. I have started clipping my pen to the cover in the hinge area where the double fold is with the pen on the outside of the cover when closed. It fits perfectly. I may glue the sleeve to the cover sometime, but I'm gonna wait for my return window to expire before doing so. The pen: It is wonderful to write with! I am a lefty so trying to write on ANY screen has been heck for me. Finally with an active pen this allows me to rest my hand ON the screen while writing on OneNote or messing around drawing. The only draw back I have is the pen uses 3x batteries, 2x cell batteries for the "OneNote" button which itself is very nice, but when they die chances are I won't replace them. The other battery powers the pen itself. This battery is the concern of mine. It's a 'AAAA' not an 'AAA' or 'AA'. How long do these batteries last with a lot of use? I can't seem to find that out. And it's not an everyday battery you can just grab up. I did order some extras on here for backup though so I'm not too worried but it still would have been nice if it where maybe a 'AAA' instead as I had plenty of those including rechargeable versions. Despite these gripes none are really nothing for me to knock off any stars as I went in looking for a Tablet that could power through just about anything I could throw at it and it needed to run Windows native software. On this it far exceeds my expectations! USB port, full Windows use, room for expansion via the MicroSD card slot and even the USB port, bluetooth for headsets, a mouse and other devices a built-in kickstand is a nice added benefit that I hadn't considered until I had it. These are all good things and things I was wanting or discovered. I have yet to have the wifi issues, which possibly have been fixed since. Ultimately it has become my goto device for reading the news while eating breakfast, and doing a lot of general tasks that I would lug my large gaming laptop around and my tablets around for. So it HAS found a spot on my wonderful tech table, even making a spot due to moving a few devices to the side table. If devices had feelings I'm sure some would be crying about now. This review may change, be edited for better clarity, or edited as time passes on to reflect changes in opinion due to longetivity or other circumstances beyond my control, but I will do my best to keep the original review intact. Any questions, please feel free to ask and I will answer to the best of my knowledge.
R3MNKYCT61MQJ4	5.0	A really useful, well-built device!	7	8	I've been mainly a Mac user for the past six or seven years, and have owned several versions of the iPad, and several MacBooks. Making the transition back to a Windows device was amazingly easy for me. I chose the Surface Pro 3 because as a writer I wanted to be able to run a full version of Office, I wanted a real keyboard (not just onscreen), and I wanted the power and flexibility the Surface Pro offered over the competition. I've had it a couple of weeks now, and I've got to say, it is one of the best tablet and/or laptops I've ever used. It was easy to set up, the display is beautiful (vivid colors, crisp), the touch screen is very responsive, the keyboard (which you have to buy separately, but do definitely buy it) works great. And the pen...can I just say how totally awesome the pen is?! Wow. No more messing around with weird, smoodgy, hard-to-write-with styli. The pen that comes with the Surface Pro feels and writes like to a regular pen. Note taking isn't something I do often, but, honestly, I will find ways to use the pen, just because it's so slick and fun. So far the Surface Pro 3 has had plenty of power to do everything I need--running several open tabs for Office while playing music and browsing the Internet, or watching videos. Battery life is decent. I haven't paid close attention to exactly how long it lasts, so I don't feel qualified to say much more except that I've had plenty of juice to do what I want for hours at a time. It's light, easy to carry, and although I was a bit worried it might be hard to hold on my lap because of the kickstand, it's really not. I've used it pretty much in every way I would use a regular laptop, and have had no issues at all holding the Surface Pro in various positions, on and off the desk. The build is solid and the Surface Pro is nice to hold and handle. Nothing about it feels cheap or chintzy. For me the only con has been the trackpad that comes built into the keyboard. It's kind of small, so it takes some getting used to, and while the tracking is fairly smooth, the small size limits movement a bit for me. Overall, though, that's a minor down side to an otherwise excellent piece of equipment! I love mine and am extremely happy with my decision to get one!
R3IOZ6O11VOZQK	5.0	I Didn't quite like it at first	7	8	I Didn't quite like it at first, it seems complicated but as I started exploring and getting used to it, I LIKE IT A LOT. My problem is the Wifi because once in a blue moon I download something, the computer will loose connection. The keyboard looks very cheap and flimsy so don't expect to withstand punches, treat it like your girlfriend. Get the SP3 256GB memory, intel core i5 because it has the 8gb ram, while this one has 4gb ram. So far I like it a lot, it's better than the IPAD for productivity. The ipad is the best for entertainment and keeping your emails/contacts up to date. Cons: 1) Have to login/create a Microsoft Account. 2) Limited apps (games). 3) CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP Keyboard 4) It has a fan in the processor, and sometimes you can hear the fan blowing while installing updates or running heavy programs. 5) Power button can sometimes be "accidentally turn on" but if you have the keyboard on, then your screen will always be black as long as "the lid is closed" 6) CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP, 5 megapixels camera, it cannot focus small letters, and pictures will show up like a low resolution Camera. 7) Annoying "Windows" button on the right side of the SP3, you can accidentally touch it and it will pop up the main menu. 8) One USB connection only, (it will be great if they can include another one), but It's ok because it is a 3.0 USB (transfer rate around 30 MB/s) Pro: 1) Can install and run perfectly Microsoft Office 2007 =) 2) ONE NOTE (SURFACE PEN allows you to rest your palm while writing) 3) Very nice comfortable screen colors and good brightness adjustment, of course you can modify "Gamma correction, increase/decrease a particular color of your screen. 4) The PC is made of aluminum casing, and not cheap plastic. 5) Very light compared to other computers that I'had own before. 6) Well worth the money $1300 spent on this machine (including the cheap keyboard). 7) Can Split the screen when reading a "PDF touch" app, while writing on the OneNote side. SEE PICTURE 11/19/14--UPDATE--- After a month of usage: The SP3 is becoming warmer and sometimes even hotter, but not to the point of self shut-down (I think after doing an update or installing "Microsoft Treasure Hunt" game). Sometimes when watching only youtube, the SP3 will become hot that you can hear the fan blowing the processor, and the processor is only using 10% capacity WTF??? Will try to update the following month... hopefully they can create an update to reduce the heat. 01/14/15--UPDATE-- After doing a windows recovery point, where I have removed most windows updates, the computer seems to be working fine. The temperature is still warm but not hot anymore. =)
R357B0DCHS97QK	5.0	I own several devices - I highly recommend this one	7	8	This is my fourth Surface device that I have owned. I also own a Mac, probably 15 PCs, around 15 Android tablets, an iPad, and an assortment of other random devices, like kindles, smartwatches, etc. I am slightly addicted to technology, but also a computer programmer, so I have an excuse. I have to have devices to test my software on. In any event, I know my stuff, when it comes to technology. Of all the devices I own, I can say without hesitation that my Surface Pros are my favorites. When I leave the house, I can take any device with me, and I almost always take one of my Surface Pros. They are just super handy. A tablet form factor, but still a full computer, that allows me to run photoshop, render video, program, etc. All while sitting in church, and no one is the wiser. You couldn't do any of that on an iPad, or on Android tablets. Don't get me wrong, I like iPads and Android tablets. But they just don't match what I can accomplish on a Surface Pro. Surface Pro 3: The Pro 3 is in most ways exactly the same as the Pro 2, with a few minor improvements. The kickstand is better, the windows icon is in a more logical place, (on the side instead of the bottom) and the screen is much larger. At first I thought that I would not like the larger screen, but I have to admit that it has grown on me. Running photoshop is easier on a larger screen. And all though I had gotten used to doing it on the Pro 2, I am finding that I like desigining much better on the large screen. It is still small enough that I don't feel out of place taking it out during Church, in funerals, or in meetings. ie, it still feels like a tablet, and not like a laptop. One BIG IMPROVEMENT over the Pro 2 and original Pro is that the device shuts down and starts up easily. Anyone who has owned a Pro or Pro 2 will tell you that turning the device on and off is a general crap shoot. You never how easily it will turn back on. Sometimes they turn right back on, and other times, they take a minute or two to start up. On these devices, you learned to leave your screen on in a meeting, just in case. I do not have this issue on the Pro 3, which is great! It turns right off, and comes right back on. Cons: There is still no slot in the chassis of the device to store the Stylus. This is the fourth Surface device I have purchased. How many of the pens do I actually know where they are? None!! Why not? Because it is totally unreasonable to expect anyone to keep track of a pen, day after day. Microsoft really needs to allow users to slide the pen into the device. This is kind of a no brainer. Not sure why they haven't done this. Also, it is super hard to turn off "tap to click." Which is a feature that is very irritating. Most devices allow you to turn this off with a few clicks. You have to do some pretty intensive under the hood adjustments to get this device to turn off this feature.
R3VOZJN2SYBM42	5.0	Whoa...amazing machine	7	8	This review is for the Core-i5, 128GB $999 model. Whoa. If all you were looking for was a one-word review, that is the word I would use. My parents wanted a tablet. I wanted to make sure to get them a Windows tablet because that is what they know best, not android or apple. I didn't want to get them one of those budget tablets (Dell Venue Pro 8, Yoga Miix 2, etc.) because I wanted it to have some power. I was initially checking out the Surface Pro 2, but I think they really needed the 12" screen (aging parents, aging vision). And fortunately, I heard news of the Surface Pro 3 right around the time I was looking SP2 and I am now glad I waited. It is an amazing system, amazing amazing system. I have fooled around with other similarly powered units, but the SP3 is just a much better machine in so many ways. Frankly, there are only a few other devices which match up in terms of specs (resolution, processor, screen size). Dell XPS 12, Lenovo ThinkPad Yoga, HP Spectre X2, MS Surface Pro 2 was about it. Every other convertible I saw (ASUS Taichi, Acer Aspire S7, Toshiba Portege, or anything else that I came across) either had 768p resolution (yuck), a 3xxx series Core i3/i5 (I wanted the newest 4xxx series!) or a sub 12" screen (e.g. the Dell XPS 11 is nice, but 11" screen...ehhhh). The few machines that did pass my litmus test of specs had issues. Dell XPS 12 apparently has a ghosting issue which has gone unsolved. ThinkPad Yoga has a problem with displaying yellow colors. Spectre X2 looks and is priced decent, and doesn't have the issues of the Yoga or Dell, but at 13.3" I thought it is a bit big (I think 12.5" is the upper limit of comfortable tablets). The MS SP2 looked attractive, but 10.6", for my parents, seemed too small. So the device itself is just an amazing performer. That i5-4300 processor keeps things speedy. Now, my parents are not playing video games, so I won't ever know how the SP3 handles games, but that was never an issue. The screen is brilliant. By default the brightness is turned down a bit, but on full brightness it is wonderful. The touch feedback is top notch. It is so good that I can use the on-screen keyboard as if it was a real keyboard. Of course, the inability to feel edges of keys like a physical keyboard does make for frequent typos. The stylus (included) is very high quality and very responsive. My only complaint about the pen is that the tablet does not have somewhere to put the pen. Now, the keyboard addon, $129, does have a place, but I opted not to buy it since my parents were looking for just the tablet functionality. The heat is never an issue. There is a built-in fan that cools the unit should heat increase. During 100% CPU load the fan is noticeable, but nothing that I would deem annoying. Otherwise, I would never know there is a fan during normal load. Both the front and rear facing cameras are stellar. The pictures are crisp, and vivid (I'm no photography major, so maybe they are ish compared to a real camera, but whatever, it is a tablet not a DSLR camera. My android tablet has a pretty junky camera on it). Boot speed is lightning quick. The power jack takes its cues from the Apple laptops - magnetic, with protection against tripping. A nice little bonus is the power-USB port on the power block. Ports are a little lacking, I will admit. It comes with a headphone jack, a single USB3 port, a TFcard reader and a single mini-display port (along with the expected power port). That's the bare limit of what I would expect on any tablet these days (albeit a mini-USB port instead of a USB3 port for thinner models like my own android tablet). Considering the size and thickness of the SP3, as well as the fact that this is a Windows device, I would expect to see at least a second USB port, or mic jack. Battery life is good. I think it gets 2+ hours using full processor (I was getting addicted to my mom's Hoyle card games which was using full processor. After a couple hours the battery was running pretty low). Normal usage with the web, on full brightness gets like 4 hours? I mean I never take the device so far away from the power jack for there to be an issue. The hard drive had 93GB out of the box. After MS Office 2013, it dropped to 89 or so. It seems like you might be ok with the 64GB model if you were trying to save money. The only complaints I have are nothing specific to the device itself, but rather to Microsoft software and surface support. The Windows 8 market, after all these years, still stinks. There are specialized apps that come from major websites and the sort (Slingbox, Weather Channel, etc.) but the app development from individuals still isn't there. It is so hard to find any apps that do cool functions. You are just better off finding some tried and true windows desktop applications. Those, unfortunately, don't integrate into the Metro interface, but...whatever. Chrome still seems to have issues with the surface input in Metro mode. When I try to type in the address bar while in Metro mode it crashes. Internet Explorer is a bit stupid. The Metro mode is awesome, but it is available ONLY if you set Internet Explorer as the default web browser. While the keyboard button is always there for you to click on the taskbar, i would expect that the surface would recognize when you access a text-input area the way Android does. It is really hit or miss with this. Chrome and Internet Explorer support it, Firefox doesn't. I also don't like how the keyboard is missing some necessary buttons. I still find myself accessing the legacy "On Screen Keyboard" desktop application for certain buttons (e.g. Delete button, F1-F12 buttons). And of course, all the accessories are a bit pricey - $129 for the keyboard attachment, $29 for the case. If I didn't already have a love affair with my core i7 laptop that is going strong, I would definitely buy a Surface Pro 3 for myself. $1000 for is definitely not too much to ask for a machine of this quality and performance. Heck, I think you might be OK with the $800 Core-i3 model as long as you can accept having a 64GB drive that probably will leave you with around 35-40GB of space after Windows and Office.
R23ZAUIGIB0GHU	5.0	Great Product Fit's My Needs Very Well Great Computer Better ...	8	9	Great Product Fit's My Needs Very Well Great Computer Better than a desktop laptop and tables replaced all of my mac products good for tech support and school works with 4k monitor it its truly s super Computer and it qualifies for free upgrade to windows 10
R2XGUZHYDIJWDK	3.0	It's pretty and nice	12	15	The About Me Part (if it’s too long, just skip to the end/conclusion) Pretty new to the tablet market and I'm still pretty used to my ASUS T100. I've always wanted a Surface Pro, especially since everyone I currently work with owns one. Peer pressure? Not at all, I simply brought the Surface Pro 3 256GB i7 at the Microsoft Store one day. While I didn't necessarily look into certain issues such as problems or the reviews for the tablet, I automatically kind of assumed the tablet would work great for me. Considering previous Windows 8.1 tablets that I've messed with and owned, the Surface felt like a huge upgrade to me. A lot of the work I do is pretty graphically intensive and requires the internet for all the work that comes to and from my computers; Word, Excel, SVN, Dropbox, Github, Unreal, Unity, Max, Maya, Photoshop, Painter, etc. I did not expect to use Unreal or any other intense applications on the tablet, I actually wanted it for research and occasionally to work in Photoshop on the tablet since there are times that I travel. However, I would also like to stress the issues with note taking and using the tablet in college classes. You could say that would be the priority here for most people investing in something for school use or for business use. Performance? Everything runs pretty fast. Startup times take less than 3 seconds, smooth control with the pen, easy to get around interface. The Windows button may get in the way sometimes if you're working vertically. I've been experiencing overheating issues where the top-right hand the tablet, Specifically the backside where the fans are. It starts with a somewhat loud fan which would eventually turn into really loud fan and unbearably annoying ringing. It was like the tablet itself was wheezing and dying. Note that I am actively running one application or process at a time. Not taking into account that certain other applications are running in the background. When I mention overheating, I don't actually mean that the computer actually shut off, I mean that I have never heard any device shriek like it wants me to put it out of its misery before. First incident - I downloaded and started installing Unity3D. Towards the 1/3 installation progress, the tablet started heating up. Loud ringing noise, like a long bell or chime started coming into effect. I was worried that the Surface would explode or fry itself. I couldn't cancel the installation at this point since the cancel button was grayed out. For about 5 more minutes, it was intense while it just continuously got louder and louder. I restarted the tablet just in case and to let it cool. Once cooled, I ran Unity3D itself and it ran perfectly. No graphic problems, no issues, nothing was happening to make me concern. Second incident - operating in Chrome. I've been a long time fan of Chrome mostly because Firefox crashed on me on multiple occasions back in 2012. Chrome had less issues but I should note that I work on a higher end machine majority of my time. After reaching the sixth tab, the Surface started heating up again. This was from me watching YouTube. I closed the application and it did not stop overheating. I looked into some reviews and problems possibly relating to Chrome and it was advised that Chrome is very resource intensive, especially since it requires about 5-6 processes and it runs pretty heavily in the background. I've uninstalled Chrome as soon as possible. I went back to Firefox and experienced no issues. Third incident – YouTube in Firefox. It's not the internet browser itself but the issue is with YouTube. At random intervals, watching YouTube for a certain period of time anywhere between 10 seconds to a minute long, the Surface starts heating up. I close YouTube as soon as possible and the Surface stops being a little pain in my hands at this point. Fourth incident - downloaded/installing updates. As advised, there were certain updates that were supposed to help with the overheating issues. While it is installing the Windows Update, it started heating up again. Fifth incident - I put the tablet down to charge at 20% battery. As I am about to sleep, the Surface heats up one more time. My reaction to it at this point is, "really? You're mad now? I give up." At this point, I decided to see if I could fix the problem. Looking online, it is apparent that only the i7s have the issue of overheating. It seems that for such a tiny machine, that such a strong processor could not work efficiently without burning my hands off. Also there's note that the Surface Pro 2s have less problems than the Pro 3s. No issues with running Steam, Unity3D, Corel painter. I had to install N-trig to get brush sensitivity in painter. The fan blows lightly when operating these programs. While the installation process, watching YouTube, and operating in certain internet browsers is a scary experience with the Surface - everything else runs well. I've tinkered with RealTemp for a bit while playing with the Surface on a day to day basis. When starting up the tablet and not accessing any application, while making sure that nothing is running in the background, the CPU is about 31°C. Writing this review in the Firefox browser is about 46°C to 52°C on average (distance to TJ Max is somewhere around 47-54. Installing applications or running certain applications will go from 77°C to 88°C. Running Spybot or Windows 8.1 Defender will increase up to about 60°C to 73°C. Price? The cost of the tablet cost me nearly 2,000 with all of the packaged goods at the Microsoft Store, included with the Teacher/Student discount. Comes with the pen, 2 year warranty, 5 licensed/Microsoft 365 Bundle that will last for 1 year, a sleeve, tempered glass screen protector, 1 keyboard. Base value is at around $1300 USD for the 256gb i7 Surface Pro 3. Comparison chart to reference to is listed below. I don't consider a Webcam or Microphone to be a deal breaker. The ASUS T100 comes at around $250 USD. So I can make a comparison here: on the left = Surface Pro 3. On the right is my ASUS. My Surface vs. My ASUS (tablet) + Intel i7 1.7 GHz vs. Intel Atom 1.3GHz + 8GB of RAM vs. 2GB of RAM + Intel(R) HD Graphics 5000 vs. Intel(R) HD Graphics + Touch Screen vs. Touch Screen + Minidisplay Port vs. MiniHDMI + 232GB vs. 49.1GB of actual HD space + 1 USB Port on Tablet vs. 1 USB Port on Keyboard (has to be attached to work) + Resolution up to 2160 x 1440 vs. 1368 x 768 + Thinner vs. Smaller + Bends back + Precise Battery Operated Pen vs. Not as Precise Non-battery operated pens + 6- 9 Hours Battery Life vs. 11 Hours Battery Life + Power Requires specific chord vs. Power requires strong microUSB Output Clearly, the Surface Pro is stronger in every aspect. We can compare this to my gaming laptop that costs around $1,200, or my custom desktop that’s worth about $1,400. But it wouldn’t be fair to the competition. I would argue portability and battery life would pretty much beat any gaming laptop and desktop any day, because it serves the on-the-go user. So, is the Surface Pro worth it? In short, no. Like the iPad and most other tablet devices, you will run into certain issues. iPad has touch screen capabilities but no way to work on projects like you would on the Macbook. Surface Pro itself has Windows 8.1 with touch screen and allows you to work on it as you would with any other Windows laptop or desktop. However, it comes at a huge price. If you travel a lot, then I would argue yes. I don’t mean traveling for 15 minutes to an hour a day. I mean something that would make great use of the battery life and its portability. If you travel for more than 2-3 hours at a time, then yes. I should note that because the Surface has a unique AC adapter, I can't charge my device with a USB cable or through a portable battery. But, it replaces the laptop! Yes and no. For certain people, this may be a treasured item. It's sleek, it's sexy, and comfortable in your hands as you take notes and share them. I use computers 70% to 80% of my day for school, work, and other things. Would have been 90% to 100% but you know, being in a relationship and having friends allows me to escape the technologies. I am very spoiled by electronics but I wanted to define the common archetypes of electronic users. ____The Student I don't know anyone who takes notes faster on the Surface or any tablet than on a clipboard with paper and pencil. Everyone (I know) writes sloppier on the tablet. You can show people how technologically advanced you are totally with the next-gen awesome cool tech. Recommended? If you have money to burn, yes. OneNote would work more effectively if you were sharing your notes with your other colleagues and actively using it like whiteboards. Microsoft Word, Excel, and Powerpoint are amazing with tablets and laptops since you can produce them almost anywhere. However, effectiveness is still with a keyboard as opposed to touch. If you’re typing below 60WPM, you must really catch up. Average is 43WPM, and my average is around 94WPM. I apologize for the long review. ____The Developer 2D is great, it's like a weaker version of the WACOM but it works well. 3D is meh. I would not rely on an integrated graphics card to render anything. Developing with the Surface is pretty cool, as I've said before, you just have to get past the installation process. It seems like the i7s are pretty not happy with me for installing anything. Recommended? If you don't have enough room in your backpack to carry around a 15in or 17 inch laptop with a drawing tablet and good mouse, then yes. Do note that I have not tried Visual studio with the Surface yet. ____The Gamer Casual vs. hardcore experience, there's a tablet and mobile games that work well on the surface. I’ve used Crysis as a benchmark-wannabe test for three different computers. $1,400 custom built Desktop from 2010 at maximum settings at 49-60FPS, $1,200 ASUS ROG laptop from 2012 at medium settings = 30-45FPS, $1,300 Surface Pro 3 from 2015 at medium settings = 25-30FPS. I’m actually very impressed with this but the Surface’s heat is still bothersome. Recommended? After a while, the Surface will get hot. Be sure to keep your gameplay time under 30 minutes. If you travel a lot, the Surface is a huge plus in my book. If you want the PC gaming experience, get an actual gaming laptop or desktop. If you’re going to get the Surface just to game, go for it. I just ran Minecraft and experienced some heating issues within 2 minutes. ____The Movie Fan Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Video, etc. Video Lan and a bunch of other video programs work for your offline needs. Recommended? No. Go out and get yourself a phone/laptop/tablet that's worth less than 200 bucks. The movie is just a secondary feature that should be included in all desktops, laptops, and tablets. ____The Social Network Stalker Facebook, Twitter, MySpace, Xanga? Recommended? If you're stalking 20 people at once and extremely capable of multi-tasking your stalker activities, no. What're you even doing here? Go out and get yourself a phone/laptop/tablet that's worth less than 200 bucks. Or you know… make friends outside and offline and stalk them instead. ____The Random Net Surfer Likes random things, adventurous on the interwebs? Recommended? Do you enjoy cat videos? How about cute little puppy .gifs of falling around all cute like? Do you constantly wonder how you got yourself to certain parts of the internet and makes you question yourself or you lose track easily? Then no, go out and get yourself a phone/laptop/tablet that's worth less than 200 bucks. Conclusion Portability and power are the arguments I would use here like all electronic/computer devices. There is a consensus among my colleagues: i3s are too slow, i5s are perfect, i7s are going to explode eventually over YouTube or over something small. Get the i5s if you really plan on getting one.
R2O5MCB7N7US8X	1.0	Microsoft Customer Support (or why to buy Macintosh Computers)	25	33	Let me start out by saying I hate giving this product a one star review. The computer itself is a very nice machine (this is for the i5 256GB version in case these reviews get all lumped together). There are a very few design decisions that I question, one definitely being pen storage. Another observation that I have is that if you are going to position this product to compete with a laptop (Macbook Air) you should really sell it with the keyboard bundled. These are thing that I knew when I bought this machine so I can't really complain, I just wanted to make the observations. My complaints are not with the hardware itself but with Microsoft and their horrible customer support. Up front I want to say that I am very impressed with the computer, I am even a bit of a convert to Windows 8 after using it. If you buy it you will probably love it too, just hope you don't have to call Microsoft about it. Here is my experience. I purchase the Surface Pro 3 on January 7th from Amazon. This purchase was and is for business use and we needed it quickly so Amazon was the natural choice. On February 9th we decided that the device was of sufficient quality that we would probably use it for an extended period of time and it would be prudent to purchase the extended support agreement. I contacted Microsoft to buy their Microsoft Complete Service package. It should have been immediately apparent that their customer service was lacking when I had to place 3 separate phone calls to accomplish this simple task. The first two were to the sales department just to purchase the warranty. The first one ended when it was determined that the representative that I was speaking to was completely unable to speak understandable English. The second representative I spoke to gladly accepted payment and sent me an invoice for the purchase. I was then told to contact technical support to assign the warranty to the device in question. I then had to call back to technical support because apparently their telephone transfer system doesn't work. After verifying my email address 3 times (why I don't know) I was told by the tech support rep that everything was hunky dory and in two to three business days the device and warranty would be associated. This whole process took approximately 2 hours. On February 24th having heard nothing back from Microsoft I decided to give them a ring. It turns out that the two were not associated. After another 45 minutes on the phone with technical support during which time I was asked to verify my email twice more and send them a screenshot of the invoice for the warranty and the tablet they determined that I was a business customer and needed to be transferred to that department. This time the transfer system did work but I was still asked to verify my email twice and then send the new rep a copy of the invoices for the device and warranty. I was then told that I would have to wait about a day for them to get everything into their system. Total elapsed time on the phone was another hour and 45 minutes. Later that day I received an email saying that my device had been registered as a business device and that the case was closed. When I replied to the email asking whether or not the warranty had been associated the reply was that I needed to send them a copy of the invoice for the warranty that I had already supplied twice. So I sent another copy over. By this time I had spent enough time dealing with the issue for the day. After waiting two days without a reply I and any inquiries by email being responded to by automatic out of office replies I decided to call again. Again I was asked to supply invoices for the device and warranty after verifying my email address. I hope you are beginning to see the repetitiveness. I supplied the required information again and was assured that it would be dealt with within 24 hours. Only 30 minutes on the phone this time. This was Thursday, February 26th. I did not receive a followup. Over the weekend the power cord for the tablet stopped working. This issue was discovered Saturday, February 28th. Less than two months after the device was purchase. I placed a phone call to business tech support again on the following Monday. This time I was happily informed that my device has the extended warranty in force, so my day is looking up, even though I had never received any positive confirmation from the previous reps I had spoken to. After explaining the power supply issue to the rep (which I have come to understand is a fairly common issue) he happily informs me that after supplying the information he already has on file via email again as well as the product ID of the power supply that shipped with the computer in the first place (you would think that they would have this stuff in the documentation somewhere) they could get me a new one in 5-10 business days. Needless to say I was floored. This is a business device that Microsoft market to business people and I am a business customer. Now I am supposed to go without a main computing resource for almost two weeks. And the kicker is that in the follow up email I received it was indicated that it may take longer to get the power supply if there are inventory issues. Long story short, do not rely on Microsoft customer support.
R2ZAJ5BI4DL9CA	1.0	Device gets WAY too HOT!!!	7	8	I received this product a month ago, and it immediately began overheating. The top right side (above the Windows icon) gets extremely hot to the touch and the fan is very loud. I contacted Microsoft immediately, and they said it was a known problem, and send me a replacement device. The replacement device has the same overheating issue, and Microsoft send me a 2nd replacement device. This device also has the same issue. I measured the temperature of the outside of the Surface device, but my thermometer only goes up to 108 degrees Fahrenheit before it maxes out. This is unacceptable for a device that is a TABLET and is meant to be held in your hands. I just contacted Microsoft again, and they are shipping me a 4TH device. I purchased so many accessories for the Surface already (keyboard, docking station), and it is too late to return it through Amazon, so I will just keep dealing with Microsoft's HORRIBLE customer service until I hopefully receive a device that doesn't burn my hands.
ROBD3CG5EREW6	5.0	What are you waiting for? Just buy one already!!	4	4	I wanted to get in a good month of use before posting a review. By now I have paced the system through all of my everyday needs plus more. My 2 month long research for a portable but versatile solution for work came to an end when I decided to purchase the Microsoft Surface Pro 3. Once my decision was made to get a SP3, I had to figure out if I get the Intel Core i5 or i7? The final decision was to go with the i5 and 256GB solution. Over the last month I can't be more pleased with my decision. Here is why. WINDOWS 10: It is truly a treat to have Windows 10 already loaded on my device. Immediately out of the box I was able to setup my account which connects to the domain at my work. There were no issues or hiccups and during setup I was quickly ready to work, and play. The Windows 10 interface is very user friendly. The transition from PC to Tablet mode is seamless. The resemblance of Windows 7 functionality with the new tiles is extremely refreshing and a sense of security for me. I didn’t have to learn how to navigate through the system since its familiarity made me feel at home. Windows 10 runs very good on the i5 Surface Pro 3 and I have absolutely no complaints. SPEED and RAM: It was a tossup between the i5 and i7 devices mainly because of the work I do. I choose the i5 with 8GB RAM and it has yet to let me down. My main applications are email (Outlook), work sales management software (MS Dynamics NAV), and the need to review design CAD models and scan (STL) data. Although I have my own work proprietary software to review scan (STL) files, I have also been able to use the new 3D Scene built into Windows 10 as well. Pretty cool! I can run multiple browser windows, transfer files, send/receive email, have a CAD model open, run Excel, and update my sales CRM software at the same time. No bottle necking of the processor and definitely no overheating going on. Yes, the backside of the Surface Pro 3 does start to heat up, but nothing that will keep me from still having it in my lap. During these multi-tasking times the fan will kick on but it reaches no way near the ridiculous decibel levels that my previous work laptop could manage to accomplish. The speed and RAM of the system is very good and I have yet to experience the need for more. STORAGE: I choose to get the 256GB version of the Surface Pro 3. The reason was due to the fact I have an external WD Passport (USB 3.0) with 2TB of storage capacity. When the data transfers it flies! I also installed a 64GB micro-SD card as a means to put specific CAD and SCAN files. Even having all of this storage, I still have over 170GB on the main drive, 22GB on the micro-SD, and 1.3TB on the WD Passport device. With all the external options out there (memory sticks, external drives, cloud storage) there is no real need for me to opt with anything bigger than the 256GB hard drive. BATTERY LIFE: I run my system through its paces every day. It normally allows me to see about 8-10 hours of complete battery life, never connecting, before I hit the power reserve point and it starts warning me. My previous laptop gave me 2 hours, then dead. Normally when unplugged I run the screen brightness to about 25%. If I am showing people something I crank it to 75-100%. Of course this dramatically affects the life of the battery but I have yet to see a major reduction in time that I have already mentioned. I don’t stream much video so I can’t say what the battery life might be if you are a heavy video viewer. The battery life has exceeded my expectations so that is what matters for my needs. THE PEN: The pen is an awesome experience! I never used a stylus until now and was very skeptical about its capability. Wow was I wrong. I utilize the use of the pen so much that if I am on other electronics I try to tap the screen or use my “normal” pen to click on something. Every time it gets me and I just chuckle. Using the pen is so natural. Opening folders, copy/paste, and of course writing are the main functions I utilize with it. I can’t express enough satisfaction when using OneNote with the pen functionality. It is completely amazing. I attend many events and I am amazed and how smoothly the pen writes and feels as I take notes or draw pictures for people during a discussion. I even use PowerPoint for web presentations and the pen has allowed me to circle, highlight, draw within the presentation. I feel like I use the Surface Pro 3 more because of this pen. BEING PORTABLE: Being portable was extremely important to me since I do a lot of traveling and customer interaction. I needed something in a small form factor, light weight, but powerful. I was looking into tablet devices but felt they lacked the functionality of a normal PC. I was looking into laptops but couldn’t get over the clunky feeling or short battery life. It fits in a small business folder and then I put it in a single small pocket in my laptop bag. The bag is a huge cave now that I don’t need to carry the huge laptop. ACCESSORIES: I ended up purchasing many accessories, mainly due to the nature of my work. I have a desk docking station ( Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Docking Station ) that awaits the return of my Surface Pro 3 at work. I also purchased the mini display to Ethernet 3.0 ( Microsoft Surface Ethernet Adapter ), mini display to VGA ( Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter for Surface Pro ), and mini display to HDMI ( Mini DisplayPort to HD AV Adapter (Surface Pro) ) cables. All of them work flawlessly. Of course I also bought the keyboard cover device ( Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Black) ) which, as many others have said, wish MS would have included that with the system purchase. I do like it though since it feels nice when typing and the keys light up. FINAL VERDICT: I would highly suggest purchasing a Surface Pro device. It has completely filled my work needs and I find myself using it constantly. Windows 10 is beautiful on this device and the Pen functions perfectly. Now that I am writing this review, the Surface Pro 4 has been announced. Go get one, you’ll love it!
RBGF91YW3JCY6	5.0	Plus in 2009 battery life was not that great in laptops so I was always sure to have ...	4	4	Model: Surface i5 4GB with Windows 10 Primary Use: Typical Business Functions (internet, email, CRM, video conferencing, remote support, market trading, mobile payments) Secondary Use: Web Development, Router Interface, Photo Editing, Kindle, Audible Perspective: I own and operate an IT consulting firm. I spend a lot of time out of the office, onsite at customer locations. I opened the business in 2009 and until now I have primarily used iOS devices, I have carried an iPhone 4 and 5s and an iPad 2 and Mini.I went with iOS because my laptop at the time weighed 6 pounds was 1.25 inches thick and would take up to 8 minutes to boot up and connect to a network. When you do this at 5 or 6 locations you have just added an hour to your day. Plus in 2009 battery life was not that great in laptops so I was always sure to have a charger. along. Impressions: This is what I have wanted in a mobile device. I thought about buying the best surface money could buy, because a comparable laptop would not perform up to the level that I need, but the Surface does not disappoint. The SSD coupled with the intel i5 punches above it's weight. It boots in seconds, and is very responsive, typing and mouse feel great on the keyboard (I prefer to keep it flat on the desk) and I can type at a normal pace. I have an usb to Ethernet adapter which allows me to plug into a network and configure a device. I also use the USB to slave customer hard drives for chkdsk and other functions such as an offline virus scan. I have never even come close to testing the battery life. I ran it for an entire day in and out, and then used it at home and only got it to about 30% remaining. It runs the full desktop version of Sink or Swim beautifully, the mobile versions of TOS are watered down so it is really impressive to have that much data and ability in the palm of your hand. Also the kindle app is SO NICE on this. Comparison: Compared to the ipad mini this much more useful. I could only really use my ipad to answer emails and connect wirelessly to devices. This does everything a laptop and iPad can do so yea for about 200.00 more (I had the lte version). It has more storage space and the USb port gives it endless possibilities. When we first started using iOS we have to pretty much change the way we did things in order to work it into our system. But switching back was as easy as signing in with our Microsoft accounts. Windows 10 does a great job keeping everything in order, plus with 100gb one drive space is not an issue. My iPad used to get way behind me when I would type, to the point where I could sit there and watch it ghost type for 15 - 20 seconds. The surface is nothing like that, everything is smooth and responsive. Conclusion: I have to give Microsoft credit, there is a lot of pressure to be mobile and where other companies take their mobile devices and simply make them bigger Microsoft took a computer and made it smaller and THAT is exactly what I needed.
R1HJXTOFUB1QG3	5.0	From a CS major: 6 months and I'm still impressed	4	4	Coming from a Computer Science major, this is an incredible piece of technology. If you hooked it up to a monitor and didn't tell people what kind of computer they were using, they would assume it's a tower in the $600-$1000 range. And when Windows 10 comes out in late July 2015, you can bet it'll be even better since Microsoft is continually improving OS performance. The tablet itself could not be more elegant. I almost felt bad putting a case on it, because it is so smooth and so clean you just want to look at it. I use it for everything: movies, note-taking, programming, and just browsing the internet. And no matter what I do, I seldom hear the fan. And the pen... I love the pen. Nothing beats the feeling of using a piece of paper loaded with awesome features. If you were wondering why Best Buy always has 6+ Surface Pros out there, it's because people are so enticed by the pen/paper functionality. I actually had the problem of getting too much attention from my tablet while I was taking notes. My friends would see it and want to doodle on it all the time. I just told them they could use it as long as they took notes for me, and they did it gladly! That's how awesome this pen is. And when I lost the nib piece (my own fault for taking it out), I sent Microsoft a message and I got three more within a couple days, completely free of charge. Some tips for people who are going to buy one: invest in Bluetooth accessories since there is only one USB port, and get a case that can reliably hold your pen. And it doesn't hurt to get a screen protector ASAP because the screen is not invincible. Also, if you can, wait until Windows 10 becomes standard, so you don't have to learn Windows 8 only to forget everything and learn Windows 10.
R3AWVNIYCX0G8Q	5.0	Love it! (for 256GB, Intel Core i7, 8GB RAM)	4	4	I’m so wowed by this tablet. It’s everything that I’ve always wished a tablet and a laptop could be. Microsoft had it right in figuring out that tablet users no longer want the typical limited tablet functionality for work, school or even personal use, and that users want their laptops to be REALLY portable and easy to use. If a tablet could have the same robust features of a laptop while retaining its attractions as a tablet, and a laptop could have the convenience of touchscreen and being truly portable, why not offer them? What consumer would refuse a tablet that has the power and speed and functionality of a laptop or a laptop that is light and can literally go everywhere with you? All they had to figure out was if the consumer was willing to pay the price. But if the tablet was really a laptop in disguise – and in fact was better than a laptop in some aspects -- then that wasn’t a problem, at least not for me. I’m so won over by the Surface Pro 3’s features that I’m able to overcome my aversion to Windows 8, at least partially, and with some hacks. Some of the things I love about the Surface Pro 3: 1. It’s sleek 2. It’s light 3. It’s fast (I have the 256GB SSD and the 8GB RAM and i7 processor) – it boots up in less than 15 seconds. 4. The screen size is only slightly smaller than my 14”Alienware laptop but with the ability to extend the screen to a second or even third monitor, screen size is actually no longer an issue for me. 5. The sleek keyboard even seems to be the perfect compact size for typing. I find that I don’t have to stretch my fingers out so much. 6. The freaking cool magnets! The first time I attached the keyboard and the tablet seemed to just suck it up into place like a hungry little monster, I was stunned. Then when I did the same to the charger, and it just snapped into the receptacle without me having to look at it, I was like, “The coolness of this tablet was no accident. They planned it to be like this!” 7. The pen – it feels just like a pen and works smoothly and accurately, making navigation a pleasure. 8. The pen attaches to the magnets! Losing the pen will be less of an issue if I park it on the side of the tablet (where the magnet is on the charger receptacle) or on the keyboard, on the upper right and left corners. When I’m storing the tablet in its case, I slide the pen clip along the groove of the keyboard and it’s secure. It won’t scratch the screen at all. 9. The stand on the back of the tablet is stable and has a wide range of angles. There’s a point where it naturally stops but it can be gently pushed farther for an even wider angle until it almost lies flat! 10. Runs my programs just fine, including Office and Photoshop, just like a laptop would. Some software and physical accessories that I’ve been using with the tablet that I thought were indispensable: 1. A MiniDisplay Port to HDMI/VGA/DVI adapter. You don’t have to buy them separately, Amazon has one that has all three ports on them. I have an older LCD monitor with VGA output and the HDMI is for watching on our bigscreen TVs. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KHRSGO8/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 2. USB 3.0 hub with power adapter – I have my USB thumb drive and wireless mouse attached to it right now, as well as a small fan. I also have an external hard drive that I plug in sometimes to back up stuff. 3. A small fan to keep the tablet cool. It’s a hard-working little machine, so it’ll get warm at times, just like a laptop. This fan might work for you. http://www.amazon.com/ARCTIC-USB-Powered-Portable-Cooling-Solution/dp/B003XN24GY/ref=cm_cr-mr-title 4. Until Windows 10 comes out, Start8 solution from Stardock offers the familiar Windows 7 style start menu for Windows 8, and you can go directly to the desktop on startup. http://www.stardock.com/products/start8/ The cons are pretty much what others have said (overheating, not a true gaming device, limited apps, only one USB port, paying extra for a keyboard) but I’ve managed to get around these with my accessories above. I don’t game, and there was even a coupon at Best Buy for $100 off for students that took off most of the keyboard expense (not sure if they still have it as of today). And I’m not the kind who has to fill up my device with every app that catches my eye, anyway. I’ve tried the 10” Galaxy Tab but it was just so limited for what I wanted a tablet to do. iPads are the same. I thought I would be reluctant to let go of my Alienware laptop, but I’ve gotten to the point where I actually prefer to use this tablet now over my laptop. It just seems to meet what my needs are at the moment, which is portability and lightness, laptop-level power, and ease and speed of use. Update May 20, 2015: I just got the dock and I have to say that it's worth every penny. As a student, I frequently take the tablet with me almost wherever I go on the chance that I can snatch a few minutes to work on papers, and having the dock already set up on my desk saves me the trouble of setting up a USB hub with all the attachments. I highly recommend the dock as an accessory and to enhance the Surface experience.
R2F6WVE1UIIEPF	5.0	Laptop for Students	4	4	If you are a college student and are looking for a laptop, this is literally the only one to get. I bought mine from the MicrosoftStore because of the 10% student discount. I use it mainly for school where my paper consumption has plummeted because of the pen and OneNote (which is essential to get with the Surface and you can get it for free online). I would also recommend getting the Office Student version ($80 for 4 years in the Microsoft store) which gets you 1 TB of online storage and up-to-date versions of programs like Word and Excel. 4 years of the latest Word and Excel, plus the storage really help my workflow on projects and homework assignments. Pros: The pen works really well, and I don't think I can ever take paper notes again. OneNote is great, it has its quirks but overall the Surface greatly expands in functionality because of OneNote and all its features. The screen of the Surface is sharp and the resolution is high (although it does smudge easily but it wipes away just as easily as well), the audio is great (for me at least) and it is light enough to lug around everywhere. Working on the train, in your bed, on a desk, in a car, is a breeze. It is what I've wanted from a laptop since I started buying laptops, something that can take the place of my paper notebooks and a heavy computer. Cons: The price is high, which is a fair complaint because as a student money usually is in short supply. The keyboard (which costs an extra $130), isn't very good but essential to type and use the mouse. As for Windows 8.1, switching from tablet to computer is fluid enough, some features are better in one mode than the other. For example, typing in tablet form is really cumbersome, while using your hands in computer mode as a mouse is better than the track pad itself. Keeping the pen with the Surface requires that you be diligent with the pen and making sure the two are together at all times (I'm always afraid I'll lose the pen, as I'm also always losing pencils) Conclusion: I would 100% recommend this to students and the only drawback would be the cost. It is too expensive to be used as an IPad and if you feel you won't be using the PC part of the Surface (typing essays and working on projects, installing computer programs that require CPU power), then the Surface probably isn't for you. If you want a lightweight, full PC, that can do most of what you can do with a paper and pencil and a computer, the get the Surface.
R2VZJ8SORDNC5A	2.0	Underwelmed by upgrade from Surface 2 to Surface Pro 3	4	4	Just received the Surface Pro 3 as an upgrade to my Surface 2. I had purchased the S2 early last year on a whim to see how the Microsoft tables worked. As noted in an earlier review, I was very pleasantly surprised - amazed actually - at how easy the device was to use and how slim the form factor was. Overall I have been extremely happy with S2. However, the limitations of having a "Windows Lite" operating system were an issue and restricted using the S2 for many business activities. So, after reading a bunch of reviews and looking hard at the product in person, I decided to go ahead and upgrade. Oh boy, I think this was mistake. Whereas the S2 has been extremely "low maintenance" with everything working smoothly, this SP3 has had one issue after another ever since it came out of the box. The App Store won't initialize (although it works fine on the S2), my Miracast Adapter (the expensive Microsoft one) that works fine with my S2 will not connect with the SP3, the wireless connectivity of the SP3 is very rocky, even when sitting right next to the router, the screen flashes repeatedly upon boot up, etc. Beyond that, the machine is noisy and runs very hot (although I knew about the last two issues going in as they are well documented). I could go on but suffice it to say that whereas I was surprised by how impressed I was with the S2 I am shocked by how underwhelmed I am with the SP3. So far online tech support with Microsoft has gotten exactly nowhere (no big surprise there). Later today I will get on the phone with them and see if I can get some of these issues resolved. If not, this is going back and I will figure out some workarounds with my S2 to do the things I need to do for business.
ROMX3I2KARLSM	5.0	Best Tablet by FAR	4	4	I'm writing this review from a college student's perspective: This is the best tablet on the market right now, and for good reason. The biggest reason why I wanted this tablet was for OneNote (which comes free and already installed, ready to go). I was curious if I would actually use it in class or if it just looked cool but I would go back to a regular notebook a week after buying it. NOPE! I can say without a doubt that OneNote is by far my favorite feature. The ease of writing on it, importing pdf's to write/ highlight on them, and exporting to word or pdf is nothing short of amazing. I have created folders for all of my classes so now instead of having a notebook for each class, it's all stored on my tablet (I do carry one notebook with me just in case we actually have to turn in something in class or if we get handouts or something). My only regret is thinking I wouldn't use it bc so many of my previous classes (calculus, theory classes, extensive pdf hand out classes) would have been so great for OneNote. The other golden thing about it is that it syncs up to my big laptop (both windows of course) so whatever I write in class instantly shows up on my big laptop, I don't have to send it manually (again if you sync it up). The only odd thing is I can't figure out how to export OneNote to say word or pdf from my tablet. From my laptop no problem, but for some reason I can't find (if there is a way) to do it on the tablet (One of my issues with Windows 8 actually but that's another story). The other thing that wins big is its portability. It is light and compact with a decent screen size(biggest without becoming a laptop I believe). I hate lugging my big laptop to class but also knew I needed a screen bigger than a 8-10 inch. I bought a sleeve when I ordered this and I have had no problems transporting it. For trips it is GOLDEN. Don't have to remove it through security, small and compact enough to use on a tight airplane, etc.... I also am much less worried about this getting hurt than my big gaming laptop bc it's so compact. What specs to get? I decided to get the i5 version because I have a bigger gaming laptop and decided for what I would use it for (netflix, notes, facebook, etc...). So far, I have had no problems running anything currently using the i5. I can even play less intensive games with it (Risk of Rain if you know it is the one I tested it with). I felt the i3 was a little bit too far removed from the processor capabilities I was used to. GB wise, I like the 128. Keep in mind: whatever memory size you get, a junk will be used for the OS/ apps/ etc... preinstalled. Should this replace your current laptop? In my opinion, no, it really shouldn't. At least for me, I really need my bigger laptop for things like programming (I'm a CS major), and for working on reports/ assignments, etc... And obviously I need the gaming one, for, you know, gaming :p. The Surface is FANTASTIC if you can spend the money on it and use it as a second and more portable laptop. But, honestly, if you really just need a laptop to look at facebook and watch Netflix, buy a cheaper, normal laptop for around 400 bucks. This is an amazing toy but you pay a lot for the compactness of it. And again, screen size for assignments for me would be an issue on it. But again, that's just my opinion. Go try it out at Best Buy or something to get a feel of the screen size. Should you get the keyboard? YES. Yes you should. If you want to use this at all like an actual laptop, the keyboard is needed. I got the surface type one (the one that's raised) because I knew I couldn't handling typing on a flat surface. I will say that the keyboard is overprices for what it is. But there isn't anything else like it on the market and to be honest, if you are buying this than throw the extra 100 into getting the keyboard. The stylus that comes with it is great. Took me a few tries but finally got it synced up (its bluetooth enabled). The only problem is I accidentally touch the two buttons on the side since that's where I naturally rest my hand but it's not too big of a deal. I have heard the complaint that the Surface doesn't have somewhere to hold the stylus. The keyboard actually came with a little tab that you put in the keyboard that will hold the stylus in place. I always put it back there when I'm done using it and it's a great little feature. Wrap up: If you are a tech nut that loves new shiny toys, travel a lot, and perhaps need a way to write a lot of notes, this baby is for you. It is honestly the best and most exciting new tech I've gotten in a long time. It's sleek and powerful and makes my life that much easier. It is, however, pricey, running the same amount as even some gaming laptops. You are paying a premium for its size and basically OneNote. Now, if you're like me, its worth it. I have not regretted buying this at all. My sister? Yeah, could probably just get her that 400 laptop and she'd be totally fine with it. Again, I really think this should be an addition, not a replacement, to an actual laptop (or desktop) but hey, who am I to judge, you do you :)
R12TFFYYFMB9IX	5.0	Core i3 64GB is plenty, for some... I'm one of them	4	4	I should begin by saying that I purchased the core i3 64GB model. Most reviews I have read don't specify what model the reviewer purchased, even though I click on the link for reviews while looking at the 64GB version. I have seen a lot of commentary on heat issues and WiFi connectivity issues. I don't have any issues with overheating, probably because I have the i3 processor. I did purchase and use the Armor Guard case sold on Amazon, and have temporarily removed it to check for overheating issues and I didn't notice any. I have heard the i7 gets really hot, while the i5 is not as bad. I have no problem with WiFi connectivity, which some have commented on having. Microsoft apparently addressed this with an update about the same time I received my Surface a week ago. Before I bought the Surface Pro 3, I considered other alternatives like the Lenovo Yoga and Acer Switch, and a couple others. I'm glad I went with the Surface. It's an elegant device, and very well built, in my opinion. I anticipated the limited storage on the device, and use a micro SD for additional storage where I save my downloads, and other files that I want to have access to offline. Because there are several options out there for online storage, this was a good choice for me. The 64GB on my device is a little over half full with 27.4GB free of what the system sees as 53.7GB. I have a couple of large printer drivers, Office 365, a couple of VPN clients and some other minor utilities installed. Out of the box, there was about 30GB free before installing the software I now have. The i3 Processor is plenty enough for what I use the device for; email, online browsing, and Office apps. I also purchased a keyboard cover, which is very nice. I'm not an avid typist, so find it very easy to use. Those who are used to larger keyboards may not like it as much, and the on screen keyboard is useful enough to do with out a physical alternative. I DO think I would miss the keyboard if I didn't have it, and wish MS would include it with the device.
R1VSFMON7ZUPGM	5.0	Amazing tablet and laptop replacement!	4	4	Having owned this SP3 for 3 months now, I've taken the time to put it through its tests and trials. I am a professional, a student, a shopper, a photographer, and a tech geek. For the professional, the SP3 is an outstanding replacement to your tablet or laptop. Its layout for MS office is the same as a computer because it is running Win 8.1. It works just like a desktop. For the student (as thoroughly discussed on the review with the most helpfulness), it replaces many things you would otherwise carry in your backpack. Of things to note: Because it is a laptop, you can install or access Kindle books via a browser or through the Kindle app. This makes it very flexible. Don't like apps? There's a browser. Want a tablet feel? There's apps. For the photographer, this is an awesome travel companion. The resolution for LR and PS is a bit odd but manageable. I'm certainly not making this my permanent photo editing station but while traveling overnight, it makes for a great laptop to edit and publish pictures while on your trip. Speaking of traveling, one thing I love to do is tether my phone to it. No matter where I am, I have data to the SP3. This is my every day sit on the couch laptop. I use it to shop, to research, to read, stream video, access email, etc, etc, etc. My wishlist for the SP4 would be for an additional USB3 slot, an SD slot, and perhaps an extra inch in size. I want an SD slot because as a photographer, its easier to have the slot there than have to carry around an SD card reader. The extra USB3 slot would allow me to charge my phone and use my USB drive at the same time. And the extra inch in screen size would help with Photoshop and Lightroom. Why pick this one over a Yoga or other 2 in 1 tablet? I can only address my experience with this device. I love that it can act as a tablet and a laptop. The kickstand is awesome for an airplane or car ride. The removable keyboard is convenient for packing light or for taking notes while in class. The pen, while awkward to get used to, makes for awesome control. I think this is a mainstream device that has certainly put Apple in a catch-up mode and will hopefully drive more innovation. I look forward to seeing the next edition as I hope it will build on the positive features this version has developed.
R16V87ENHZ38ND	5.0	So Far So Good for my paperless campaign!	4	4	Got my Surface Pro 3 from Microsoft Store with a student discount during the holiday. I absolutely love it. Does everything I need it to do. Now I will just focus on its use from a college grad student point of view: Surface Pro 3 is giving me the opportunity to go paperless. First week into the new semester. My paperless campaign is going smoothly. Before getting the SP3 I believed everything in notebook, pen and paper, and I did not know a thing about stylus, oneNote, etc. Now I am having all 4 subjects' notes in OneDrive. Writing experience is fantastic and I am able to rest my palm on the screen. Here is how I deal with different formats of class materials: PPT: I am able to use the pen feature in the powerpoint program to hand write directly on the slides. A variety of color and thickness. Word: It also has the pen feature so I can write directly on it. Or I can send to OneNote. But I usually go with the former option. Easier. PDF: I bought the Drawboard PDF app on windows store for 10 bucks. It has the highest customer ratings and no wonder. Very easy to use interface. Does not disturb the actual reading material a bit. An ample choice of annotation tools. Combines perfectly with the stylus. Professor writing on the board: Click on the purple button on top of the Suface, and OneNote is right there. I can choose the view of the paper to be grid or rule. Appears exactly like a notebook. And my stylus gives me all kinds of options as of colors, thickness and styles. Paper handouts: I just scan them into pdf and then use the Drawboard app. A few weeks into the semester I will get to try how this Surface Pro fares when I teach. Let's go Paperless.
RMON9P82244GF	5.0	Ipads Worst Nightmare	4	4	Plain and simple - If you want all the functionality of a PC with the portability of a fully functional Tablet. This is it. For the business user the I pad is horrible. I am not a gamer so that functionality is not important to me. For kids, the elderly and those with little tech skills, the I pad is probably the way to go. Also, for those that just want an email and Angry Birds machine, the I pad is probably best. However, if you want all the bells and whistles needed for combined business and personal use the Surface Pro is perfect. Plus the seamless integration with One Drive and syncing across multiple devices, Microsoft has truly fulfilled the needs of those that heavily rely on their computer. I am not a MS fanboy and have been critical in the past, buts its difficult to find a flaw in this device. However, here are three. Windows 8.1, no air card support, and the pen storage is lame. I know future releases will include air card support and Windows 10, which I am currently running the Developers Preview, is the best of Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 combined. I will update the device as soon as the commercial release is available. The device is light, sturdy with a large vivid screen. The detachable keyboard snaps into place with a powerful magnet and is extremely secure. This is an excellent feature since there are no hinges to break. The pen is intuitive and easy to use. Because of its size it cant be stowed securely in the case but is stored in a felt attachment. No a fan, but doable. All in all ... an excellent device. Recommendation - Hold off until the spring with the release of Windows 10 and air card support then give your I pad to your kids like I did.
R2ZV6UOVWCDLJU	5.0	Absolutely Fantastic! Completely replaced my old laptop!	4	4	They weren't lying when they said that these really can replace your laptop. I went from a big, heavy, Sony Vaio laptop to the Surface Pro 3 that seems like it weighs about as much as my smartphone. It has all the apps that I need on it, plus a FULL desktop version so I can use it for anything I need. Only downside is that it doesn't have a CD/DVD drive, but those are easily found with a USB connection for under $20. I got the Surface Pro 3 the week they were released and have had absolutely no problems with it at all. I use it frequently because it has also doubled as my work computer and I am constantly on it. I was able to easily connect to my work's printer and wi-fi in no time. The new stylus has some great additions too, especially if you already use OneNote. I am constantly using it at work and it's great just to tap the button on the pen and have it wake up my Surface and pull up OneNote immediately. Once I started bringing this in as my work computer, the company owner and his son, who is our sales manager, both bought one within a month or so. I get a lot of looks at it from my clients and they ask me all sorts of questions about it, and I love showing them all the cool things it can do. They are really impressed with how slim, light, and fast it is - especially when multitasking with different apps/windows. I cannot recommend the Surface Pro 3 more. It's everything that I need for a computer and the fact that it's so easy to take anywhere you need is a huge plus. Microsoft seems to get a bad rap all too often nowadays, but I have never had a problem with any of their products since the Windows Vista OS. They are doing a great job IMO!
RYJJ47A7X1TSJ	5.0	The display is great, the CPU fast	5	5	MS got it right the third time. The display is great, the CPU fast, connects to the old USB gateway with a driver update to Win8, the keyboard (with cover) is better than the old Toshiba lap top, better action and backlit. Had 256GB of memory. And its power is order of magnitude better than the old core i7. Got everything right!
RFZ362K1BVMGD	5.0	Computer has been redefined	10	12	This paper thin device truly redefines what computer means. It is a thin, light and fast tool that has no limits. It is beyond portable. The operating system makes it a tablet and a lap top in one. It is bigger than the typical tablet and this is to it's advantage when it's used for the net or video. It is no exaggeration that this will replace my desk top, lap top and tablet when it is combined with the dock at work and at home.
R1TN8CEE7FK0VQ	5.0	I'm pretty surprised that I would leave a 5 star review ...	4	4	I'm pretty surprised that I would leave a 5 star review for a Microsoft product ever.... however I am very impressed with surface 3. I had an iPad air with a Belkin keyboard case for several months and have used an iPad for years before that. I had a rough start with the Surface but after using it for a few weeks and re-learning how to use a tablet after all my iPad years, I am absolutely enjoying this thing. I'm struggling to figure out what it can't do. Its a freaking laptop after all!!! As a tablet, no where near as useful as an iPad and many of the apps are skittish on a good day. However my key apps work fine and those that don't I actually prefer to use the laptop version anyways. I use this thing for work and for home. As the "one device" I take everywhere I use it for: 1. Taken hand written notes. The styles is great. IPad apps pale in comparison to the Surface Pen. If you want something to write with this is the way to go. Better than the 12.2" note pro I used for a few months even though that was great device too. 2. Using as a laptop with the touchpad. I can get to everything as I can as my desktop. I am very happy with the device and I really am pretty surprised that I am. I was pretty sure that I was going to send this thing back but now I think I have found a pretty good solution to a lot of the items I had to carry with me. Very few compromises are made using this unit. Battery could be better, OS and Apps could be a bit more refined, but overall I satisfied. Highly recommend.
R1RH22PAS6GDLB	2.0	Not ready for primetime, Wifi Issues	22	29	Prior to buying my Surface Pro 3 I noticed there were some complaints with WiFi stability, dropping connections and a series of patches and firmware releases that were supposed to address them, latest patch came out July 16th. Reason I decided to wait for the i7, in hope of Microsoft catching up with the issue and getting it right. I ordered my Surface Pro 3 a couple of days before i7's release, end of July and received it July 31st the day before its official release, August 1st. The performance and speed of the machine is slick, the app store is missing lots of key apps, such as Pandora and apps to watch over-the-top TV (Cable TV via internet, Amazon Prime, etc (does have NetFlix)). I dissmissed the lack of apps as it will be a matter of time for getting those apps in the store, and I can supplement them by going directly to the apps websites and use the desktop version, instead of the touch. The deal breaker that forced me to return my Surface (today 8/8 is sitting in a box ready to go back via UPS) is that I cannot justify paying almost $2k for a machine that cannot hold a steady WiFi connection, specially when it goes to sleep. After closing the keyboard cover, go from floor to floor between work meetings or around my own home, starbucks, etc I find out the darn thing lost its WiFi connection, (everytime) sometimes status will show its connected but for whatever reason one has to turn off and on the WiFi radio to get it to work. I have installed all patches (I am writing this on 8/8/2014) ), firmwares, and even tried some of Paul Thurrott's SuperSite for Windows tips to no avail (the Wifi issues seem to be well documented around the web). HyperV, Registry settings, turn off the WiFi adapters low power state, etc. IT SHOULD NOT HAVE TO BE THIS HARD! I cannot believed that someone at Microsoft believe it was Ok to release these machines with this problem, in this day and age were everything must be connected, they couldn't get WiFI to work. The patches are not working, or there is a hardware issue, or a bad batch of Surface machines out there. I wanted it to work!
R2T8ZXSCDN46BX	5.0	Amazing. This is hands down the most amazing computing ...	7	8	Amazing. This is hands down the most amazing computing device I have used. I replaced my laptop, tablet, and desktop. Get a monitor or tv for your office and connect it via HDMI and then connect a full size wireless keyboard and mouse. It works great as a desktop replacement. I'm down to a phone and this tablet/laptop. I may even be phasing out my moleskin journals since the pen / onenote works so well. It weighs the same as ipad with keyboard cover, but is a real computer. Yesterday I was walking with my computer backpack and had a panic moment when I thought I had left my computer at home. My Surface was in there but it was so light compared to my laptop my bag felt empty.
R1FWL16NAQ1PH2	5.0	I went the windows route as I have never enjoyed the Apple user interface	4	4	A few years ago after being stuck in multiple operating systems (iPhone, iPad, Windows PC) I made the decision to try to get everything in one ecosystem. I went the windows route as I have never enjoyed the Apple user interface. I went to windows phone, then a windows 8 desktop and finally was able to buy a Surface Pro 2. I was very happy with all of it and found myself being more productive. A few weeks ago I made the plunge and invested in a Pro 3 and it changed everything. I love my pro 3. The larger screen size means that reading, taking notes, and producing content is much easier on me. My eyes don't strain as much and the new pen, for me, is a dream. I do not create art or anything, but it is wonderful for doodling, writing and getting work done. Sure, it gets hot every now and then when I am playing a game, but I can still play a couple of XCOM missions before I feel like I need to exit out. And for a father of Twins, being able to sit and do the cross word with the Times app is great for those late nights of holding a baby. If only Scribd would get its act together and give me a dedicated app, I would be perfectly happy. So, for what it is worth, I highly recommend the Pro 2 and the Pro 3. But, much like when I went to the Lumia 1520, I can't go back to a smaller screen. It just feels better to go big.
R2SES9HZAQ10O8	4.0	Great upgrade from old Surface. Best tablet right now.	4	4	Great hybrid device, but there are a few quirks to be aware of. I've been using this now for two weeks, and it's getting much more use than my old Surface RT. Pros: Incredible screen and looks amazing with certain games. Civ 5, Banished, non-3d games really. Very fast and responsive - About what you can expect from any SSD powered device Keyboard is almost as good as a laptop - years ahead of the old keyboard Onenote and the pen are often overlooked. This combination is great if you work in the field or at client sites etc. Adjustable kickstand is nice to have, but I often use the same position. Cons: Some games really stutter, and Microsofts decision to throttle the processor means 3d gaming is pretty much null. You can play DOTA or LOL, but thats pretty much it. I had a hard time with Skyrim, but Steam Streaming works as a decent alternative. Glossy Screen - Using this outdoors is a joke. I was in the middle of an orchard two days ago and had a hard time writing notes from the person I was interviewing. All in all a great tablet. If you want something larger than 10", go with the SP3. If you want to do mild gaming and work, this is the tablet for you. Netflix looks amazing on this, and has no issues streaming in HD. Make sure you have a fast router to go along with this.
R27YMJ122N09AA	2.0	This is NOT the tablet that will replace your laptop.	9	11	I did not buy this off Amazon, rather directly from Microsoft. This is NOT the tablet that will replace your laptop. I was pretty excited about the prospect. I was tired of lugging around my 17" MacBook Pro, BUT its performance and screen size were second to none. There were 2 things that attracted me to the surface - 1) Portability 2) The really good reviews about handwriting capabilities, because I prefer to write notes as opposed to type. Reality - As a tablet: Using this thing as a tablet sucks. I was (trying) reading a book on the surface and after about 30 minutes I couldn't hold it anymore. The edges on this thing are SHARP. So sharp I had red lines on my hands after holding it for 30 minutes. Some will say get a case. I have the snap on keyboard, so I don't even know if they make one that fits, but I shouldn't have to for a $1100 device. This is a simple engineering oversight. Secondly, the touch screen works about 50% of the time. I have to repeatedly click things with my finger to get it to work. So then I try using the stylus. It is much more accurate than my finger, BUT I keep accidentally clicking the buttons on the stylus and it performs some action. Also, they give you a loop to attach the stylus to the side of the surface. I put it exactly where it said to in the picture. The damned thing is ALWAYS in the way. It gets in the way when trying to adjust the kickstand, it gets caught on things putting it in my backpack and it gets all contorted when carrying the surface. Writing translated to typing - eh doesn't work. Maybe my handwriting is horrible, but this thing gets about 1 in 5 words correct. I would spend more time editing what it translated than just typing it out to begin with. As a laptop - The screen is an odd size. It's still way smaller than my laptop (i expected that), but just large enough that it doesn't fit in the pocket of my backpack for "tablets". The screen size is negligible as compared to my iPad as I still have to squint to see, but just big enough where it doesn't fit in spaces where tablets go. The keyboard is small, keys are close together and after about 20 minutes of typing fatigue sets in. I have to sit and hold my arms/hands in a very unnatural position to be able to type. The touch-pad is infuriating. There is an invisible line somewhere that makes it right click as opposed to left click. I've still not gotten used to it. I've also found I've had to click a couple times in some cases as it requires just the right amount of pressure. I often sit on the couch with my laptop (because it's called a laptop) in the evening while watching TV and respond to e-mails. You can't do that with this thing. The "soft" keyboard case is well...soft. As a matter of fact, it's limp. And then trying to balance the kick stand on your legs (lap) while typing is more work than it's worth. I don't recall what the advertised battery life is/was, but I vaguely recall it being really good. You get about 3 hours (maybe) out of the battery if you're using it. That seems pretty low to me for a tablet. Especially considering I get about 5 hours out of my MacBook. Perhaps it's because it runs so hot? To the tune of 111 degrees on the back according to my thermal camera. In addition to it being uncomfortable to hold because of the physical design, it gets so hot after a while I can't hold it. Fortunately, my employer bought this for me. If it was my own money I'd be really honked off and trying to return this thing in short order. I will still use it for going to meetings and travel, but in no way is this thing even close to being able to replace a laptop. No way.
RX8PWTQZGVRZ	1.0	I spent nearly TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS for their best version of their 3rd generation device	9	11	I just got my MS SP3, and I opened it up, and bam! My first experience with the thing is that the pen doesn't work! WTF? Well, I guess I'll just see what I can do. Then I discover it's a bluetooth device, so obviously the next step is to try to add through the bluetooth devices wizard. Bam! Bluescreen of death! Seriously? I spent nearly TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS for their best version of their 3rd generation device, with their finest specs--indeed, the flagship hardware product of the great Microsoft corporation, and this is what I get less than 5 minutes into normal use? Well clearly, the next step is to do all the windows updates, and hope this is fixed with new drivers. It turns out I can't update unless the battery is fully charged--even on AC. I understand AC, but why would the battery need to be charged fully? Oh well, that's not a major issue. I guess I'll just connect an extra monitor while I wait for the battery to charge. Now the power shows 10% plugged in--but NOT charging. So, using this tablet with extra monitors means the battery doesn't charge, and I can't perform updates until it does, and I can't see if this fixes the non-working pen until the I do the updates. Seriously, TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS for Microsoft's flagship product? I'll update this review after I get I finish windows update and see if the pen works yet. Want to hear the most ridiculous part of all of this? My Surface Pro (old 1st version) works fine with a regular stylus pen that comes with all the Samsung products, and requires NO battery or wireless connection at all. It was literally the best feature of the Surface Pro--and for some reason, they traded this tech for ridiculous and inferior bluetooth active tech, and the first time you try to use it, the whole place goes mad. Statistically speaking, something should have accidentally gone right by now--and the only tech that seemed to work well, Microsoft just wasn't having it--and got rid of it as soon as possible. This isn't a computer. It's a prank. ONE MORE THING: I've been able to buy OLED screens on all my devices for about a decade now. WHY CAN'T I HAVE AN OLED SCREEN ON ANY WINDOWS TABLET OR LAPTOP? WHY DO THEY STILL RELEASE THEIR SUPPOSEDLY BEST TECHNOLOGY WITH STONE-KNIVES AND BEARSKINS TECHNOLOGY?
RI3U9CVELI32J	5.0	Love the machine. Not in love with the throttling. But still a win.	9	11	It gets five stars. This is the form factor I wanted when I got the surface 1 and 2. The n-trig was actually better for the kind of OneNote use I employ than my several Wacom tablets (a surprise). The screen is brilliant and stand-alone good -- if this is the only computer in my bag, when I am out in the world and the boss calls and asks me to log on and do something, I can sit down and do it without eyestrain. It is easily the nicest computer I've owned in many ways, and I've had a lot of them. The ergonomics are excellent. That said: I mildly dislike (original wording: truly hate, but tempered by several weeks of use) the thermal throttling. What it means in practice is that there is only a "balanced' power option, and you can't trade battery life for performance -- you can't max it and keep it maxed. Most people never max their computers and so in some ways too much is being made of the problem. I'm not downgrading for it because it is what it is -- you can't turn out this much power in this form factor without some compromises -- and it fits in with their design goal of winning over iPad and air users (this form factor is kind of a dream come true for me) . But for my work I have to run several virtual machines. My Pro 2 could run hot and hard (6-7 battery hours _with_ the power cover, and the CPU always at 50 percent +, to give you an idea of the demand) and was much better at that than my Pro 3, and it was actually a hard choice whether I was going to keep the Pro 3 or Pro 2 when it came time to sell one. In every other way I can tell, the Pro 3 is a better machine though, and it is a much lighter constant companion. So it won. But not without some ambiguity. UPDATE: for me at least, my virtual machines perked up considerably when I turned OFF bitlocker. It is on by default. Since it's an MS machine it comes without abuse-ware, but apparently someone decided that turning bitlocker on for every machine would make it more salable to corporate buyers. They're probably right, but assuming that this is a worthy use of cycles for most customers seems dubious. It can be turned off easily. With my system, turning it off was the trick to making the performance analogous to my Pro 2. In my case, it rendered any thermal throttling issues moot. That said, the combination of pen, truly best in class for size screen, lightness and performance are unique. You simply can't get them in another machine at this point. The other big factor for me is that part of the way I use my tablet/laptop is to hand it to others to see things. The display and lightness make that a much more pleasant experience than with the Pro 2. In terms of this vs my air, or vs an iPad -- this is simply more power. For all my complaints, it does run my RHEL VMs fine. UPDATE: After going through two types of screen protectors, had the Incipio Plex "flexible glass" version professionally fitted. Also got the Booq Viper chromebook case, which does not have room for anything but the pro 3 sitting loose -- but plenty of room for that, and hard side and corner protection.
R3FUWVVBX9RU0	5.0	Yes. It Can Replace My Laptop.	9	11	The Surface Pro 3 has the moniker of "the tablet that can replace your laptop." That is a tough claim to make, since the earlier Surface tablets tied to do that as well. As an owner of the previous models, I can say that came close but the screen size the combination of the type cover and kickstand provided a less than ideal experience for using on your lap or even the side of the couch or another position. I can honestly say that the Surface Pro 3 can and does replace my laptop in many ways. The Surface Pro 3 is packed the same way as the other editions. It is nice but still pretty much no frills. The first thing you notice about the SP3 is the size of the screen and weight. For 12", it isn't a shock in being too big and almost feels like the perfect size. The SP3 is a full PC and the lightweight feel of it is just quite impressive. Inside the box, you also get your charger (still with the USB charging port) and stylus. Setup is quite easy and you can easily sync with previous profiles to sync your "modern" apps. If you choose to restore from a previous Windows 8 setup, it will install all of the icons on your start screen and you simple have to tap them to install them. The Surface Pro 3 comes with Windows 8.1 with the latest updates. Windows 8.1 still has a schizophrenic feel to it, going from "Modern" to Desktop, but once you learn all of the gestures and how it all works, it actually is quite good. I like to set up my start screen in categories and put both Modern and Desktop apps on this start screen. The start screen is your friend. Don't be afraid of it. The charms bar (swipe from right to left) is quite useful and it is very easy to share items or save to the excellent READING app. From any place in the start screen, you can also just start typing what you are looking for and it will appear in a short list. You can also do this for searching or anything on the internet and it will take you to the Bing search app. I could spend a lot of time on Windows 8.1. If you learn how it works, you will like it. The display is simply amazing and has to be one of the best displays I've seen on a tablet. The colors jump at you and the text is very crisp and has beautiful back. The screen now has a 3:2 aspect ratio and it makes using it in portrait mode so much better. In fact, I use it a lot for when in reading/surfing mode. I never used it on the older Surfaces. The touchscreen is very responsive and I've had no issues there at all. The stylus is excellent and I find myself using it more than I did on the original Surface models and that is thanks to the better OneNote integration with the pen. Press once to open a blank document. Press twice for screen capturing and then you can select, with the pen, what part of the capture you want and then it places it in an OneNote document. Then simple swipe to the SHARE charm and share the screen capture, complete with any notes you made. I actually have set the full OneNote app to be my default, so it is easier to switch from ink to text. However, if you do the instant note with pressing the back of the pen once, it defaults to the "Modern" app. I've also loaded the wintab drivers and it works wonders on desktop apps, including Photoshop Elements 12, Gimp and Paint.Net. I have the 256GB/8GB RAM model and this thing performs. From games, to video editing to development, everything is snappy and just runs circles around most desktops. I have found myself moving a lot of my desktop apps to this because it just runs great and the fact it is very convenient to have everything in one place. You can also install and run desktop apps on the MicroSD card, so if you worry about running low on space, this is a great option. The ports on the Surface Pro 3 are very nice to have. Having a single USB 3.0 port is great. Sure, it would be nice to have more but most of the time when you do need more, you will be in laptop mode, so connect a multiport USB 3 adapter and you are set. The HDMI out port is excellent and I use it a lot on our main TV. Side note about gaming. I am not as hardcore a gamer as I was before having a family, so I am not too picky these days about frame rate. I've played many games, even at high settings and they all work well. From Portal/Portal 2, to Tex Murphy Tesla Effect to Star Trek Online, all worked well and I have no complaints. All desktop games, even on low settings, do cause the fan to kick up and it stays warm on the top right until you are done with the desktop game. I worry a little about continued game playing with the heat it generates, but I have confidence in the build quality of the Surface Pro 3. A little on laptop mode. The touch cover now folds up to the base of the Surface to provide a sturdier feel to the keyboard when using in a lap or other laptop position. How does it perform? I have to say, quite well. Never felt it become too unsteady for lap use and you can position the kickstand to your liking. The backlit keyboard is very nice and the touchpad is much improved. I still bring out the Bluetooth mouse for gaming or mouse intensive applications. Modern Apps. Is this still the week link with the Surface line? That is hard to say because you have the option to run ANY Windows application on this device and options to fire up Hyper-V virtual machines to run older or other OSes. Yes, the selection of Modern Apps still lacks despite getting better. I use Mail, Remote Desktop, OneDrive and NextGen reader the most as far as Modern Apps go. Flipboard is good as well as many of the games. People wanting to use this mostly as a tablet will still be a little disappointed in the choices of "touch friendly" apps, but it is improving. Quick plug for Cyberlink Power Directory. It is quite excellent for a touch video editor. I am surprised Microsoft hasn't refreshed its own Photo Gallery and Movie Maker for touch. This NEEDS to happen. So does it replace my laptop? My laptop is a fully loaded gaming laptop with 2x-3x the specs as this device but no touchscreen. I also have a desktop (Core i3) that I still do heavy video editing on but it is mostly my media server for Windows Media Center on my XBOX 360. I can honestly say, I am always going back to the Surface Pro 3 because it is just so much more convenient and fun to use. I am finding I want to do everything on it. And in my quest to have less devices, the Surface Pro 3 fits the bill. The Surface Pro 3 lives up to the "tablet that can replace your desktop." I can see it pretty much my go to device for all my digital/pc needs.
R1R31ID95SLURC	5.0	everything microsoft promised and more	9	11	I didn't buy the cover, instead I use a $50 Bluetooth keyboard that I've had for a while. When I want to get some serious work done there's no laptop keyboard that comes close to a full dedicated keyboard. Overall the reviews across the board have been positive with the biggest complaint being, "its not as easy to type on your lap as with a laptop". Small trade off in my opinion for the added portability alone, I mean seriously I take this thing everywhere. As for typing on my lap, I'm currently typing this on the surface's on screen keyboard with the kick stand pushed down at a large angle I have more stability than I would with the touch cover attached and a steeper screen angle. So far my only grip is that the on screen keyboard doesn't utilize the entire width of the screen and I have a little more than half an inch of unused real estate on each side of the keyboard. Its a small complaint that can easily be fixed with an update and would improve the typing experience on the screen dramatically. Battery life is still up in the air since I've only had it one day so far and have been near a charger the whole time. Edit: so I've had it for a few weeks now and can say the battery life is adequate, but I still need to grab the charger a little earlier than id like. I find that graphic "intense" apps really drain the battery and warm this puppy up. Games from windows app stores like "minion rush" kick the fan into over drive. You can definitely hear it and the warmth is felt through the screen too. Not unbearable to hold hot, but makes me wonder if I should stop playing and let it cool when I start feeling the warmth through the screen. It might be a bad unit as I also have two dead pixels that are very prominent. Besides the warming and the battery not lasting as much as i'd like, I really do like the surface pro3 and I'm still typing comfortably on the screen for most common task.
R3G77RNCGHZ64G	2.0	Disappointing.	4	4	I wanted to love my Surface Pro 3. I saved for months to be able to buy it. I COVETED it. I read reviews of all the alternatives on the market and weighed the pros and cons and the SP3 always came out on top because it was light, had a stylus, and had a full Windows 10 operating system. But it was a huge disappointment. As a student, the most compelling factor of the SP3 was the stylus and note taking capabilities. From the start, it was subpar at best. The writing would start out well and then quickly get jagged and messy. I replaced the pen battery, uninstalled and reinstalled drivers, recalibrated, spent hours on the phone with Microsoft support, and finally got a replacement unit. Now the unit does the same thing. I'm left handed, my palm and forearm do rest on the screen when I write. Now, of all things, it won't let me log in with my pin, I have to type out my full email password to log in. It tells me I've tried too many times and to restart my device. I restart my device and it still says it. It won't let me change or disable my pin because it says I've tried too many times, which isn't true. I'm a student, I don't have a thousand dollars to spend on something that doesn't work as advertised.
R3C81U2P77GFLK	5.0	Great for both work and play	4	4	When the surface pro originally came out I was skeptical and then when the surface pro 3 arrived it grabbed my attention. I was going to wait for the Pro 4, but unforutnately my old computer did not hold up and when I found a decent deal I couldn't pass it up. I've had this computer for about 3 months now and absolutely love it. I have no regrets about not waiting for the Pro 4. I'm an insurance broker and was looking for a portable device that can travel with me. It's portable and the pen is great when it comes to taking notes during meetings or policies. I can highlight sections and make notes then save the document to send to a client or co-worker. I also enjoy playing turned based games such as Civilization and the Pro 3 is perfect for that type of game as well. I haven't really tried it with any other games. The battery also lasts a very long time. I don't ever worry about it dying on me. My only complaints are the same as everyone else; the keyboard is not included. The keyboard can also be a bit finicky sometimes, but all I have had to do is disconnect and reconnect it. Heating really has not been an issue. It gets warm, but not to an unbearable extent. Overall great machine!
R2V0WPG0CBKTS5	4.0	Very close to perfect	4	4	I finally purchased this Surface after researching it for two years and I love it. It is my laptop replacement and it is awesome. A couple notes: - The Windows 10 update vastly improved my perception of the product. Night and day. - When you first bring it home and run all the updates for the first time the back of the device turns to lava and the fans run incredibly loud--but that's the first and last time it has happened to me. - The ONLY bad thing, to me, is the charger. It is awful. I purchased this as a laptop replacement so I wouldn't need to lug anything around, so I was upset when I saw it. It's not very attractive, it's clunky, and there is no option to charge the device via USB like the non-Pro version. PLEASE MAKE A MUCH SMALLER, SLEEKER, USB CHARGER. This is something the iPad did right. - Not a huge fan of the standard keyboard. It's really alright, but I'm sure there will be future versions I can purchase that aren't suede-like. I will have to thoroughly wash my hands before touching it to avoid any oil stains whatsoever. I'm only being critical because I really like the device and I would love to see these few improvements make it absolutely perfect.
R3HJ1H8AOPO7AJ	5.0	Beautiful	4	4	To start, I have used a MacBook for the last 6 years, I never thought I would leave apple as I was happy with the apple operating system, and the MacBook. I had never even heard of a Surface Pro until the 3 came out. I did some research and came across it. I was having theses nagging thoughts that led me to believe that I would be more productive using Windows. After doing research I decided to go ahead and make the switch and buy the Surface 3 rather than the MacBook Air. I am very happy with the purchase thus far. If you are hesitant about Windows 8.1, I assure you that it will work wonders for your productivity. After you have the luxury of using a laptop with tablet capabilities (touch screen, portability, stylus pen), you will not want to go back to a stationary laptop without touch capabilities. The display is stunning, everything looks amazing, very bright, and crisp. I watched Under the Skin with ScarJo (highly recommend) the day I bought it, and let me tell you, wow. This is not a perfect machine, but it is as close as it comedy for now in the realm of tablet/laptops.
RN1OHVVV4B4NT	5.0	wonderful but note that the usb is not powered and ...	5	5	wonderful but note that the usb is not powered and you need to add a docking station to run un-powered peripherals such as a cd =/dvd the computer itself is great- low wt and powerful and easy to use
RW3P5SCEPV49O	5.0	That way I can put my screen in a hundred different positions and use the keyboard however it best suits me	4	4	I don't ever think of this as a tablet, but as a fast and efficient computer. I did not buy the Microsoft keyboard but use a blue tooth keyboard that I can use without attaching (SUPERNIGHT Bluetooth Touchpad Keyboard Portfolio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 12" - DETACHABLE Bluetooth Keyboard Stand Case / Cover for Microsoft). That way I can put my screen in a hundred different positions and use the keyboard however it best suits me. Windows 8.1 makes sense once you start using the Surface Pro 3. Once I figured out how to stop the heat (shutting down the computer at least once a day rather than simply hibernating it), I have had almost no problems at all after almost four months of constant usage. I cannot wait for Windows 10 to come out to see what this machine can really do. I was going to get a Mac computer until I used my wife's touch screen laptop and realized this was the logical next step in computers. Even if Apple comes out with a touch screen, however, I am sticking with Windows 10.
R13DLH4H6M33X1	5.0	Excellent Laptop/Notebook replacement. Especially for those who travel.	4	4	While the MS Surface Pro 3 is on the expensive side, it is worth every penny. I bought this in lieu of getting a full laptop, and when it comes to traveling, I am SO glad that I did. I fly frequently for work, and I used to lug around a large (6# 15" screen) laptop for my last job and it is great to not have to do so anymore, but to still have all of the computing power that I did before. The type keypad is a must, and there are plenty of productivity suggestions out there on various tech sites. Furthermore, the seamless integration between the Surface, my home desktop, and my Windows Phone helps to increase my productivity even further. Getting optimal battery life performance takes a little tweaking of the settings, and you should be sure to use it down to less than 10% and then give it an overnight charge while off before expecting to get full-on good battery life. Otherwise, this is everything that I wanted and more! Love my new Surface!
R23TIP38MLOHMS	4.0	Alright so I'd like to give this 5 stars because I love it ...	4	4	Alright so I'd like to give this 5 stars because I love it so much but I have had some issues with my surface pro 3. I'm a college student studying engineering so I use my surface for math. Usually when I go to lectures I bring my surface, pen, and some loose leaf in case I need to turn something in but usually I just write on my tablet. The battery lasts me the whole day if I don't use it for too much internet browsing. Pros: -It's so portable; light and thin, it hardly takes up much space. -OneNote Cons: -I had to return my first SP3 because it stopped working with my pen and wouldn't connect to other pens. -I don't like typing on the type cover because the keys are too cramped (and I have small hands). -Sometimes the back and the screen get uncomfortably hot when I'm watching movies or playing games. -There aren't that many good apps available in the windows store.
R3MO32YQUBRTWE	4.0	Almost perfect. Almost...	4	4	Pros: excellent features, fast, slick, and much more capable than tablet/ultrabook as separate devices. Rolled into one device, this is a great work system. Decent battery life and feels like a premium hardware, unlike Lenovo or Dell garbage of late. Cons: gets really hot at times, movie streaming (especially dark colors) can be very blocky, battery life isn't as long as would be expected in this price range, and more ports are needed. Also, sticking a video out connector on "top" of the screen is baffling - here you have a clean design and minidisplay adapter sticking out on the top. Add weight of the video cable and I don't give this jack a long life span at all. Glare is also pretty bad, hopefully next version will address it. Oh, and Windows 8.x is the biggest "con" of this list, but it is what it is for now. Windows 10 is around the corner and at least this limitation should be resolved soon.
R1ZU9E9GU1PY0N	2.0	Buggy and Unreliable	4	4	I've been using the i5, 256 GB, Surface Pro 3 for a couple of months and overall I'm disappointed in it's performance. I use this machine primary for work - general management for marketing and finance functions. The Surface is trying to be both a tablet and lab top at the same time and does neither particularly well. Pros: Light weight Ability to write on the screen and capture notes or provide document comments Tablet kickstand is a great Cons: Does not wake from sleep mode consistently requiring a hard reset Slow, unpredictable start up Programs often become non responsive (Excel and PPT in particular), requiring a manual restart When disconnecting from an external monitor the screen doesn't auto adjust well requiring manual fix No SD card slot (only mini SD) Poor batter life when streaming
R1JJBEJI4AK58L	5.0	and even then its still so quiet it is not even close to annoying. It does get quite warm but the kickstand ...	4	4	All I can say is wow. This thing is incredible. I use it in mainly in tablet mode but occasionally for some light laptop use. The I3 processor has plenty of power for what I use it for. The battery life is quite impressive! It does have an internal fan but it rarely runs fast enough to be audible. The only time I hear the fan is when I stream video from websites such and Twitch, and even then its still so quiet it is not even close to annoying. It does get quite warm but the kickstand works so well I rarely hold it against my skin so it really isn't a problem. Seriously this kickstand is amazing I use it on my lap, on the table, laying down in bed.. I honestly have not been in a position where the kickstand doesn't work. Overall I have found it to be well worth the money.
R3D9YPULX4F46I	1.0	Replacement unit from Microsoft store was cheaper and works fine. No complaints with the Surface Pro 3 now ...	27	36	Unit would not function with keyboard when purchased. Made an appointment at Microsoft, did complete re-install of windows, drivers, etc. Still would not recognize the keyboard. Did a return with Amazon. Received full refund except insurance on shipping. Replacement unit from Microsoft store was cheaper and works fine. No complaints with the Surface Pro 3 now that I have one that works. I am buying them for my entire company but at the Microsoft store for their replacement warranty and better pricing.
R2EDUWHXOQZIRV	5.0	This has exceeded our expectations for a student traveling abroad.	4	4	Purchased this for my son for him to use while he travels abroad for college in England. He absolutely loves it! He is an engineering student and he has endless match problems that he can write down with the stylus and keep everything organized on the Surface. Also the portability while he is away has been perfect! His normal full 17" laptop would have been way to cumbersome. Also bought the keyboard and bluetooth mouse and they have been bulletproof. He also has played League of Legends on it with no issues. Overall very happy with this purchase. Had I known this would work so well I would have just gotten this to begin with and had the docking station with a full size monitor and keyboard and mouse for his dorm room.
RKDG1A2WNMXJQ	2.0	When it works it works, but when it doesn't...let the buyer beware.	4	4	Like other reviewers have stated, when it works, it works!!! I used this thing more often than my laptop! I'm in Graduate School and I even used this to write papers on instead of the laptop it worked so well! Until....yeah, always one of those... I bought this in Feb 2015. it is now Nov. 2015. Since I've bought it, the wi-fi has quit working. Took me 3 months to figure out how to fix it on my own (thanks customer service. thanks for NOTHING!!!). Now the touch screen has quit working. I've tried each and every "work around" on the internet and nada. The touch screen just. won't. work. I'm out. I'm done. Forget it. Sorry Amazonians but I can not in good conscious recommend you buy this device.
R31MROSOZF979V	4.0	My All Purpose Traveling companion More LIKES than DISLIKES	6	7	I purchased this Surface Pro 3 out of my frustration of using a traditional laptop with 13 to 15 inch screen and using my iPad Air. So far, I like it a lot after using it for about 4 months. I initially bought the 128 GB storage version. I quickly ran out of that capacity so I exchanged it with the 8 GB RAM and 256 GB storage. I also added a 64 GB micro SD card to store my iTune music. The work and home files are stored on the primary SSD while the music are stored on the micro SD. I am planning on purchasing a 128 GB micro SD card to move my photos. So far, I am very satisfied with the purchase. I will list the likes and dislikes of my Surface after using it every day for about 4 months. LIKES: 1. Lighter - much lighter than the Pro 2, and definitely lighter than my 15 inch screen laptop, event with the power supply. 2. Touch Pen - the best, most natural feeling pen device experience so far. I had Toshiba and Lenovo tablets running Windows 7 before. The pen is much more precise, has the palm protection so that I can lay my hand on the surface and write like I would on paper with a pencil. I annotate on PowerPoint and take notes using OneNote all the time with the pen during a meeting. 3. Variable angle stand - I can lay it very close to flat with low angle to enable both typing on the type cover and writing with the pen. This is by far the best combo input device experience. It has become indispensable for me to have both the keyboard and the pen. 4. Battery life - with my normal usage, primarily for running Outlook, PowerPoint and Excel, the Surface gives me just about a full day of use. As long as I don't run complex Excel spredsheet and run iTunes with internal speakers going full blast, It can last at least about 5 to 6 hours of continuous use. Having the SSD as storage helps in this regard. 5. USB - unlike my iPad, I can plug in any USB devices. DISLIKES: While I don't have many dislikes, I found a few things to be annoying. Nothing really major to turn this device in for another device. 1. Type cover - The ergonomics is little weird for my hands. It has very flat keys because the keyboard is also a cover. Unlike a full-featured keyboard found on a bigger laptops or desktops, it is more compact and does not have a good feel. I can get by most of the time, but i get frustrated if I have to type a lot. For that, I use an external wireless keyboard. It flexes some while type, interfering with the tactile feeling of the keyboard. Obviously, much much better than soft keyboard you find the tablet mode. 2. The stand - When flaying on an economy class seat on any domestic airlines, I never realized that the way it opens prevents the flat edge of the stand to stay on the tray. The Surface needs more space than a traditional laptop with hinged screen to stay on the tray. The only cure of this is to upgrade to the first class seats or "comfort seats" with more leg room. I fly a lot for my work, so this is pretty annoying. I am looking at Lenovo Yoga or Dell 2-1 as a possibility to address this issue. For most people, I am sure, is not a major annoyance. 3. Touch Pad - the touch pad on the surface type cover keyboard is just okay. It is small, and has annoying flex when trying to "click" the edge of the touch pad for right or left click. I also found that it accidentally zooms in when I don't want it. Disabling the pinch gesture does not seem to have effect on this. My solution is to disable the touch pad completely and used an external Surface mouse. Obviously, this is a difficult workaround if I am using the Surface on the seat tray in economy class seats. There is no space for a mouse. I have to use the touch pad while flying. 4. Still heavy as a tablet - great general purpose productivity laptop replacement. But, too heavy as my e-reader. I still use my iPad Air for that. The lack of rich app ecosystem also makes it hard for me to completely replace my iPad.
R1FI9DF3NJ9W3A	5.0	Its the best of both worlds I am a believer!	6	7	I bought one yesterday and let me tell you I am a believer! In my backpack I usually carry a Acer i3 8gb 15 inch laptop, Samsung note 10.1, Logitech blutooth keyboard, and 1tb external hd packed with media/etc. I would always hate lugging around my tablet and at times would leave it at home while just using the Note. During those times when I needed to get something done which would involve me either using a laptop or pc I'd have to write myself a note to do it once I got home since I couldn't do it on the Tablet. Also, I it would suck that I couldn't use my external hdd on the tablet since I needed a special adapter for usb and it only recognized up to a 2gb thumb drive. In those cases I would have to remote desktop from the tablet into my pc and drop large files into dropbox which would have me waiting for an hour or more to sync up. I know some people would say why don't I just remote into my desktop when I need that functionality I tried it and its laggy not to mention I'm not always in wifi hotspots with the tablet. At some point all the Note 10.1 was good for was browsing the internet and watching videos but not amazon prime videos. I was intrigued with the idea of having the best of both worlds in one device especially with a bigger screen with top of line specs. I read all of the professional reviews stating its good but on the tablet side with the breadth of apps already available on the android and apple people will stay away. I don't fall into that category since I don't play games or really care for social media apps; I have my phone for that ;) The Samsung note 10.1 is not something I could really use to get work done whether its testing concepts with virtual machines or having several windows open side to side for quick reference. The Note is just a toy in my opinion and I needed the portability of a tablet and the functionality of a laptop. Enter the Surface Pro 3..I finally went to a store to check it out. The store models at the Microsoft Store weren't bad but the touchpad was too sensitive and I could not type as fast as I wanted to without pressing other keys. The screen seemed a bit uncomfortable to handle coming from a 10.1 screen a 12 inch screen felt to large. After sitting in the store playing with it for an hour while swatting away the store associates at the same time I grown to like handling the 12 inch beast. Its incredibly light and the weight doesn't feel disproportionate that made it difficult to hold with one hand. I was always weary with Windows 8 since Win 7 pro is my pride and joy but after using it on a touch interface it's a hell of an OS. It is actually rather simple to navigate. If I took my time on the keyboard typing became more natural. I surely cannot type 100 wpm on this keyboard without me messing up but I think I can get 75 wpm on this without much error. The model was the i5 8gb 256ssd I have a similar setup on my pc with 16gb and it's a beast so carrying those specs in my backpack just sounds exciting. They had a student offer on both the tablet and keyboard which knocked off $163 off the total price I had to get it. Microsoft gave a 25 day trial for the tablets so I chose to try it out and surely return it if I hated it. Taking it home I spent 6 hours installing the windows updates, programs (Vlc player, Virtual clone drive, Vmware etc), playing movies, skimming through pdfs, comics, browsing internet, customizing the interface and man it does it all and real fast! The display is gorgeous. The trackpad on the touch cover is not terrible like in the store it actually works its just real sensitive. Once you gauge the sensitivity you can use it with ease. So far I'm not a fan of the right click button on the trackpad I keep missing it so right click on files has been a challenge. Still a work in progress I found myself holding down the icon with my finger and going into properties like that. The kickstand on the surface was a treat as well considering I can set it any angle which would tick me off using the case on the Samsung note the kickstand was severely limited. The pen is much better then the note's it does not get the little delay I've experienced with it. My main concern was that the Surface Pro would not be able to power on my external hdd without a power source plugged in. I connected the hdd with 10% battery life left on the Surface Pro and it powered the hdd on with ease. I never realize how much of a performance difference USB 3.0 made since the surface pro had a 3.0 port and the external hdd supported it. To conclude this ridiculously long review I feel this product hits the spot. It's the right size to be functional as a laptop and light enough to be handled as tablet. Don't think of it as a tablet replacement because if you have certain apps that you love you might not get it on here so this tablet may not be the right fit (note* there is a way to run the android eco system in the Surface pro with full google market access I haven't tried it yet) but its meant to be an ultrabook replacement with tablet capabilities. Forget about limitations with playing media through web browsers adobe flash or microsoft silver light because everything plays in the browser like it would in a regular laptop because that's what it is. I personally think of it as a tablet without limitations its handheld and can do it all. I love it and highly recommend it. In next 2 weeks I'll post an update to let everyone know if I still feel the same joy towards it.
R3DP699UJ5S2YV	5.0	Nice viewing device	6	7	I'm building a house and needed a device to use on site to view pdf's, websites, Sketchup files, and images. Android tablets were out because I need to run Sketchup and I wanted to easily transfer files within my existing Windows homegroup. I considered an inexpensive tablet like the Asus Transformer but I went with the Surface because of the built-in kickstand and good reviews about the build quality. So far, I haven't been disappointed. Using a tablet as a viewing device is far superior to a traditional laptop with keyboard because you don't have that keyboard getting in the way. It's much easier to walk around holding a tablet. When you want to show someone something, it's nice to hand them a tablet which is as simple as handing them a piece of paper. When you set the tablet down, you can lean it against a wall or use the kickstand to put it unobtrusively on a desk. Don't discount how valuable the built-in kickstand is. It allows you to prop it on a table for hands-free viewing. It takes up much less desk space propped up which is nice when you are just charging it. The kickstand is THE key feature differentiating the Surface from all the competitors at this time. This is my first foray into Windows 8 and there is definitely a learning curve coming from Windows 7. I would recommend actually reading the "Surface Pro 3 User Guide" available at the Microsoft website. Once you figure out what all the different swiping motions do, things get a lot easier. Booting up from a cold start takes only seconds which is a key feature. If you are simply turning the screen on and off throughout the day (and not letting the computer go to sleep), the display will turn on in less than a second. Basically, the Surface acts more like a quick-start tablet than a traditional laptop computer. Networking a Windows 8 tablet with my existing Windows 7 homegroup was a snap. No issues there whatsoever. The Surface connects easily to my Verizon phone "Mobile Hotspot" giving me internet access on the road. Surfing the internet is fast and accurate just like a desktop. Signing in to Chrome allows me to have all my bookmarks and settings instantly up to date. It's much better in this regard than my Kindle Fire HDX which can't run Chrome and has a slow and clunky browser. Viewing Sketchup files works very well. It's easy to move, rotate, and pinch-to-zoom. To create content, you'll want a keyboard and mouse though. Minor negatives: -Proprietary charger. -The fan can get a bit whiny. -It is a little heavier than expected but not a big deal. -Windows 8 can be a pain to deal with until you get everything configured the way you want and even then. -Pen buttons not customizable. -Because the screen is so big, typing on the virtual keyboard takes a lot longer than on your smartphone. Typing in websites and short emails is no problem but you won't want to do anything more than that without the hard keyboard. Overall, this is a fantastic viewing device. It runs all your windows programs so anything you view on your desktop, you can view on the Surface. It is thin, well-built, and has a great screen. The built-in kickstand is extremely useful and I can't imagine being without it. UPDATE August 2014: Battery life has been excellent. I can get through an 8-10 hour day without a problem.
R240FOLQ53TBB4	4.0	Excellent	6	7	I looked at various machines for my new work computer - ultrabooks, convertibles, 2-in-1's, and all the rest. There wasn't anything quite like the Surface Pro 3 on the market that I could find. I was a little hesitant, having never seen a Surface, let alone played around with one, but I read many reviews and decided to take the plunge. I'm glad I did. First of all, the specs are nice - the 1440p resolution, the 256GB SSD, wireless AC connectivity. It feels like a high end machine. It boots quickly and quietly. I've only heard the fan turn on once during a system update, but not when watching videos or doing anything that would turn the fan on in my old ultrabook. Second, there doesn't seem to be anything quite like this out there at the moment. The ability the magnetically connect and disconnect the keyboard cover is nice. The stylus/pen to draw or write notes with is nice, too. And it's nice to have a tablet and an ultrabook at your disposal in a single device, depending on your mood and your needs. The hardware feels solidly built. I am particularly impressed with the keyboard cover. I was afraid that a board so thin would create typing issues. Nonsense. The keys have a solid feel to them, and I find this keyboard superior to a few others I've tried on ultrabooks. The kickstand in this version is rugged and versatile. You can angle the screen almost any way you like. It works well on a table, on a lap (where I'm typing this review) or on a couch. I didn't play around with the older Surfaces, but I can imagine the kickstand on the Pro 3 is a major upgrade. My only minor complaints are as follows: the trackpad isn't my favorite when trying to right-click. It often left-clicks instead. It's easy enough to move the cursor where you want to go, although it can get tricky with such high DPI, but I wish it was easier to differentiate between right and left clicks. Also, while the pen/stylus itself is nice, Microsoft decided to give you a stick-on pen holder to attach by adhesive to your preferred location on the keyboard cover. Not sure why the pen holder wasn't attached at the warehouse by more secure means. We'll see how well the adhesive holds up over time. Many seem to complain that the Surface Pro 3 (and its predecessors) doesn't come with a keyboard cover. Yes, it ain't cheap to add one to your already expensive purchase. I get that. I'm not as upset about it as others seem to be, but there is no doubt that the keyboard cover is an essential item to have. Another major complaint, though not specific to the Surface, is Windows 8 (or 8.1). I know many Luddites who refuse to budge from Windows 7 (a fine OS, but getting more obsolete every day), and even a couple XP users (c'mon guys!). While I've had my share of frustrations with Windows 8 trying to figure out how to do something simple that was done a certain way in all previous Windows versions, I've found that once you figure a few things out, Windows 8 is a, dare I say, elegant OS. It's obviously more attuned to modern functionality, like SSD optimization and networking. Once you figure out what they are going for, you get to appreciate it. That is especially true on a tablet/hybrid device like the Surface. Overall, I haven't even tapped into many of the features of the Surface Pro 3 yet, but I'm already happy with my purchase. I'm glad I decided to deviate a little from the norm. These types of devices should be on the rise in the future as people get to understand what they can do.
R1AQTSAX3OH2MT	5.0	Lives up to its potential	4	4	Amazing product. Ive been using a MacBook Air for about 3 years, but have always been intrigued by the Surface line of products from MS. I'm glad I waited until now. Seems like they have ironed out all the big issues of the first 2 versions and this one is just fantastic. Powerful, thin, awesome display. I think the windows app eco system has also had time to mature a lot and there a plenty of good apps now. With this machine you can ditch the iPad. This machine serves brilliantly as both an entertainment device tablet and as a full fledge laptop. So happy with it! Even gaming is not too bad. You can play games like Half Life and Diablo 3 with no lag which is amazing for a tablet. I'm a convert!
R1SCZPGHD87EA5	4.0	I'd suggest buying it only after they figure out the Wi-Fi issues	11	14	I got the Surface from the Microsoft Store (student discount and all that, plus I wanted to actually see the thing before buying and being able to return without figuring out the mailing, especially for something this expensive). It's really amazing, but I'm going to have to take it back and maybe get another one in August or whenever they figure out what's wrong with the Wi-Fi. This is actually my 2nd Surface Pro 3, having assumed that the first one was just a lemon. Nope. Fortunately they have admitted the problem, but their first fix didn't work for me. It's not just that the Wi-Fi is slow, or that it disconnects, it's just that it absolutely disappears, from everywhere. It looks as though the Surface doesn't have a wireless device (or a Bluetooth sometimes, for that matter). I'm actually somewhat worried it might be a hardware issue. Restarting fixes the problem (all the times I've encountered it), but... restarting should not be required to fix issues with something this expensive. I'd put pictures, but I cannot figure it out... In terms of everything else, I am absolutely impressed. I can take it with me, use it the whole day (normal use, no craziness) and when I get back I still have 30-40% battery left. The pen input is great, writing on this thing feels almost natural. Everything is fast, and although it sometimes runs hot, it never got unbearable. The experience of switching between Metro and Desktop is clunky at times, but I am OK with that. Two things I dislike: no swype keyboard. There's a replacement, but I can write better on my phone, that's kind of sad. Also, you can only have one browser set to METRO. So if I use Chrome as default, IE opens in Desktop mode, and if I use IE as default, chrome opens in desktop mode. There should be a way to have a desktop default vs a tablet default, for all apps for that matter. Ugh, I'm gonna miss it, hopefully they figure it out and I can get a new one :) P.S. I have put pictures in the MS forums, let's see if it links: http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/forum/surfpro3-surfnetwork/surface-pro-3-wifi-and-network-connections-driver/69c3cd0f-daac-44be-bec6-643d2e53f98a?page=3&tm=1405034927928
R3AQ8RCRM03BGA	5.0	Stupid package designed by Microsoft.	4	4	Excellent product and seller! In fact, I dropped the Pro3 while I open the package, and it`s screen carcked on the right corner, malfunction at its touch screen!! To be honest, it`s my fault, I should open the package on my bed. What a stupid design of Microsoft, you should mark "THIS SIDE UP" or "OPEN FROM THIS SIDE" for the user. Why not fasten the Pro3 with a simple tie if not cover protected? Fortunately, TigerDirect,INC responded quickly and asked me return the defected Pro3 back, give me refund. Thanks!!
R20ITSNK3I5Q2D	5.0	Now I have a true tablet that works like a real PC with Office and Adobe products installed ...	4	4	The SP3 has exceeded my expectations. This is what I have been waiting for, a tablet that could REALLY replace my laptop . I tried to go cheap and bought an iPad and of course it was a neat toy but I could not really leave my laptop at home and ended up taking both when I traveled. Now I have a true tablet that works like a real PC with Office and Adobe products installed that I use for my business. I have been using MS products for the past 30+ years and my Surface lives up to its pedigree.
R127ZWQ6362REU	4.0	Pretty decent.	6	7	So far, so good. Really is a laptop and a tablet (a tabtop?). Minus one star for the following: * Quite a bit of heat in upper right corner (landscape position). Playing a game, when the fan is on, it is uncomfortably hot in that particular corner. Workaround: keep hand away from that corner. * Power button turns off display, but with keyboard cover attached, the computer will turn on if pressed. Hence, pressing the power button, then placing it into a carrying bag with keyboard attached will likely cause it to turn on within the bag, potentially doing random things, depending on which buttons get pressed. Workaround: shut down properly via settings->power->power off. * Keyboard cover attached and lifted (at an angle, for more convenient typing) prevents swipes from the bottom of the screen. Workaround: flatten keyboard. * Auto-hidden task bar, have not figured out how to pop it up when using surface as a tablet. May be just me, but not intuitive. * Other minor things that also fall into "not intuitive" category.
R339HHPQYRZ6YR	1.0	Hardware issues and completely incompetent support - look elsewhere	11	14	My surface 3 pro is 5 days old, literally just out of the box. Cost ~2000 SGD with docking station. The display port of the surface is working but the display port on the docking station does not properly work, the screen flickers on and off as same as the surface screen. Upon calling Microsoft surface support an agent logged on to my machine and tried to load software updates onto the machine - for a hardware problem! As this resulted in errors the agent then started to delete files from my C: drive, under my protest. It left my machine unusable with many programs missing. After another 3 hours session with support technicians the only solution that was proposed was to re-image the device. So Microsoft incompetent support screws up the machine and then expects the end user to fix it. Do yourself a big favor and stay as far away as you can from this device and this company. Save yourself the hassle and time and go with a vendor who knows how to sell and support hardware.
RVVAJRGKEGRWP	5.0	So far	4	4	So far I love it. It's a full PC and windows 10 has made it even better. While it is not included the keyboard is a must, I use it all the time. Also getting a nice notebook style case is pretty awesome as well. I think mine is an ESR or ESG I'm not sure it's at home and I'm at work haha. But I'm all in on this computer it does everything quickly and as long as you aren't watching tons of videos the battery lasts a good long while.
R11U0RWVIJ96BK	4.0	Nice piece of tech	9	11	Nice piece of tech. I'm still growing into it. My only problem with it is the fact that the touch screen is not too sensitive, You have to beat on an icon to get it to work sometimes. Most of the time it works great; but sometimes it is hard to get an app to work. Camera could be way better.
R1VKTRCVP5RFF6	4.0	Excellent. Not perfect but a technical achievement nonetheless.	3	3	Good Runs full Windows. For productivity, creativity or students, you simply can't beat the wealth of options for getting things done on a Surface Pro 3. Good luck finding a more capable tablet/hybrid. There isn't one for the consumer market. Pen is incredibly accurate and well built. High quality 12 inch screen. Build quality is superb. Supports Xbox 360 controllers native (good to have and not need as opposed to needing and not having) Multi-Display port (wired or wireless streaming to a second screen) Speakers are very clear and loud. Bad Runs full Windows. Even though Windows 10 is overall good (so far), there are still some aspects of Windows that can be frustrating and in other cases, downright retarded. I hated Windows 8/8.1 so I won't go there. System can run incredibly hot at times. Upgrading to Windows 10 on Surface Pro 3 can be hit or miss. It went well for me but not so well for others. Sometimes, Windows 10 still feels like it's in beta with a number of glitches, bugs and unexplained happenings. Granted, this is more about the software than the Surface Pro 3 itself but since you can't have great hardware without software it has to be mentioned. App store is still lacking compared to Google Play and the Apple App Store. 12 inch screen + weight can make the tablet unwieldy at times. Ugly Price. As capable as Surface Pro 3 is, easily better than any iPad or Android tablet, it's also far more expensive. To get a configuration that will future proof you for at least a couple of years (Core i7, 512GB SSD, 8GBs RAM, Type Cover) can cost over $1700. Ouch. Of course, this depends on use preferences and configuration but generally speaking, Surface Pro tablets aren't cheap. I bought a Surface Pro 3 mostly for digital illustration and design work. Anything I can use it for beyond that is gravy. For those specific needs, the device has been excellent with the exception of some glitches pertaining to Windows 10. Fortunately these problems haven't been deal breakers and the Surface Pro 3 performs very well over all. I use a lot of Krita, Paint.net, Fresh Paint with a bit of Sketchbook for Tablets. Whenever AutoDesk fixes Sketchbook's pen calibration issue in Sketchbook 7, that will be another addition to an impressive staple of creative applications. Everything else I've thrown at it has worked incredibly well even with the touch screen (Indesign CC, Paint.Net, Fresh Paint, MS Office, LibreOffice etc). To effectively use the Surface Pro 3 you have to approach it with the right mindset. If you're a user that's looking for something to web browse on, check Facebook, watch a bit of Netflix and keep your kids occupied then this IS not the device for you. Quite the contrary. This would be total overkill especially at the size and prices of a Surface Pro 3. A $200 Android tablet can handle those needs. Surface Pro 3 is a laptop that moonlights as a tablet whereas Surface 3 is a very powerful tablet than can handle some laptop functions. Not quite the same as the Pro is a bonafide laptop replacement in a lot of ways.. Although the device is 12 inches, it's still convenient enough to put into a tablet bag and carry around, use comfortably on my lap with the type cover and serve as a replacement for my laptop and Nexus 9 in many ways. I don't game on my work devices so I can't speak on games performance but I do know Surface Tablets support Xbox controllers. Extended typing sessions using the type cover has been excellent as I typed this review on my Surface Pro 3. The key presses on the type cover felt cheap as first but once I got used to it after about 10 hours to a full day worth of use. It didn't matter which app I was in, Chrome OS, Indesign, Office...typing was not a problem. The only change I had to get used to was not having a Ctrl button on the right side of the layout. This made certain keyboard shortcuts in Indesign not quite as intuitive as with other keyboards. The negatives are within Windows 10 mostly and applications like Sketchbook Pro 7 that have bugs that still haven't been ironed out with the commercial release of Win10. This varies depending on your use preferences. For me, as an example, Sketchbook Pro 7's pen calibration bug renders the program useless. Other reported problems of vanishing start menus, vanishing pointers, boot loops, black screens of death etc are making the rounds but I haven't experience these issues. You should consider that with your decision to purchase as well as how you intend to upgrade to Win10. For $1100+ dollars, it's expected that the OS works as advertised but this is not always the case as many forums and problem solving posts will illustrate. Such is life in the tech world as an early adopter. As mentioned above the tablet also gives off a great deal of heat at times. This can be compensated for depending on how you use the device but is something else that should be mentioned for those unfamiliar with how high end tech works. There is a fan in the Surface Pro 3 and you will hear it hum at times but it's better to have it present than to have your device suffer from nuclear meltdown. The best I sum up for the Surface Pro 3 is if you have the budget and need a portable device that can run the same software as your home computer or office but on the go, then look no further. Surface Pro 3 is a laptop replacement. The only tasks I can think off that would be difficult for the device to handle would be extensive 3D rendering, extensive 4K video editing or high end PC gaming (max resolution all effects on high). My device hasn't struggled to perform the creative tasks I asked of it be it in tablet mode, desktop mode, with the pen, stylus, touch screen or keyboard. The only reason I can't give Surface Pro 3 5* is because of the Windows 10. Other issues are understandable (heat, size of the 12 inch screen may not be ideal for some) but some of the problems with Windows 10 such as the Windows App store not opening at times, slow boot times when boot times were in 10 seconds or less prior, Cortana being an idiot compared to Google Now etc can't be ignored. These issues will be fixed in the inevitable SP1 release but as of right now, Windows 10 is the only reason I can't give Surface Pro 3 a 5* review.
R1XKVAYEZA07Y8	5.0	I love the connivance of the iPad but it won’t do ...	3	3	Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Overall: For years I’ve been using both an iPad and a notebook computer. I love the connivance of the iPad but it won’t do everything I need it to do. What I need is a highbred a tablet with the full function of a PC. I am partial to Intel processors and knew I wanted at least an i5 preferable an i7 system, a SSD drive, and a touch screen in a tablet format. More importantly it needed to run Microsoft Office and allow me to connect external drives. I looked at several systems before deciding on the Surface Pro. It seemed to have everything I was looking for. Pros: This is a fully Windows compatible system not some clone running an emulator. It will run any windows software the average notebook or even desktop computer can. The 2160 by 1440 resolution display a crisp clear provides. The 8 Gig memory complements the processor and SSD to make this a super-fast system. The integrated Wi-Fi adaptor quickly recognized both my home and hotspot networks. The magnetic connection for both the power adapter and optional external keyboard insure a quick and secure connection (no going in at an angle and not being connected). The presents of a USB port allows me to connect external storage or other devices. The onboard forward and rear facing camera provides great definition for the average user. Cons: Of course nothing is perfect and the Surface Pro 3 has its faults. • The SSD is not upgradeable. You’re stuck with what you got. As a computer technician I’m used to being able to upgrade my computers as I out grow them. When I bought my system the 512 Gig was not in stock. I wanted mine now so chose to go with the 256 Gig system. • The location on the power button is located on the top left hand side. Where I often place my hand while holding the system. On several occasions I have accidently Turned the system off while using the computer. • I don’t know if this is just a software problem that can be fixed or worse a flaw with the bios or design. At times it’s as if one of the dada lines from the keyboard gets stuck on causing junk to type. At first I thought it might just be a problem with the external keyboard but find the same thing happens when using the on-screen keyboard. • As with any display of this type it is next to imposable to see the display in bright sun light. • I am disappointed with the short battery life. After only a couple of hours it is needing to be plugged in. I guess it is the price you must pay for such a system. On the bright side it does recharge fast. • The SD card slot is not accessible when the Surface Pro is in its optional leather case. • There is only one ISB port sure you can use a hub but that’s just more things to luck around. • The back of the unit gets extremely hot when in use.
RKHFLJ45M289R	5.0	high resolution display that's great for watching movies on planes	3	3	Developer here with the i7/256GB version, writing from the perspective of using the the SP3 for 3 months now to replace my desktop, laptop, and tablet. I travel frequently but also do a lot of work from the office. The SP3 allows me to significantly lighten my bag as it is fully capable of replacing both my tablet and my laptop, but it also is powerful enough that there's really no need for a separate desktop (assuming your compile times are at or below the minute range and you're not gaming with it). As a tablet for a developer that only uses very common apps (i.e. all of your app needs are covered by the more limited Microsoft App Store), this simply can't be beat (though it is a little pricey if you're only using this as a tablet). It has a big, high resolution display that's great for watching movies on planes, reading the news in the coffee shop, or surfing the web while you're sitting on the couch, but most of all, if you need to pull up your IDE to do some code reviews or some minor tinkering, there's simply nothing else like it. Then stylus is also great for taking notes and doing some drawing when there isn't a whiteboard available. As a laptop for a developer that doesn't intend to use this for gaming, it's very capable. They keyboard and track pad aren't as good as a MacBook Pro, but performance wise for a developer, it's comparable. If I only needed a laptop, this may not be my first choice, but since it allows me to lighten my bag by only carrying one device, it's a trade off I'm more than willing to make. As a desktop for a developer that doesn't intend to use this for gaming, it's also very capable. I have it in a SP3 dock, connected to two QHD (2560x1440) monitors (connected via daisy chain DisplayPort), and it drives them without any problems. It runs my IDEs, PhotoShop, and other memory/processor intensive software without any problems. The SP3 is just as fast as similarly specced laptops and desktops up to the point that the thermal throttling kicks in. For most developers, this isn't a problem - we have solutions that take about 6 minutes for a full rebuild and test case run, and the throttling never kicks in. Run that full rebuild a few times in a row, though, and it will - your performance will drop to that of the i3 SP3. Cons: * If you're only looking at this as a tablet, it's expensive. But if you can use it to replace your tablet, laptop, and/or desktop, even when you include the price of the dock, you can save quite a bit of money. * If you're coming from an iPad, the app selection is definitely more limited, but it's improving and already meets my needs * The keyboard/track pad leave room for improvement * Thermal throttling prevent its use as a real gaming machine (so I'm told - I don't game) and would cause me to not recommend it if you're working on projects with lengthy build times (10+ minutes) My use case is probably somewhat niche, but this fits my needs perfectly, which is why I give it 5 stars.
R3CO1RSD6130O4	4.0	Does everything that your desktop does	3	3	This is a computer. There is no difference between Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 and your regular Microsoft touchscreen laptop or desktop. You use them the exact same way. Many people dislike Windows 8.1. I could not disagree with them more. Perhaps there dislike stems from not knowing what they are doing. I found this operating system and computer to be extremely useful and I'm still learning something new everyday. My use for this computer is travel and education. If I must leave the house with a computer; this Surface Pro 3 is lightweight and easy to use. I also use it for entertainment. I just detach the keyboard and use it to watch movies as I lounge in a chair or bed. The keyboard is sold separately (stupid right?!). It cost $129 at the Microsoft kiosk in the mall. The unit itself costs $699. Because I brought my student ID, I received Microsoft's 10% student discount. That sounds pricey? Not to me. I tried a cheaper alternative (Samsung Pro 12.2 tablet $699) and I was disappointed. In education and mostly professionally, Microsoft Office 365 is king. Having Microsoft Word 2013, PowerPoint 2013, Outlook, and so forth makes my life a lot easier and the compatibility with school software and my home computer is a must. This is the cheapest model and the only one that I could afford. Since I don't use this for gaming, so I don't need a faster processor. This computer fits my particular needs in education and entertainment. It has one USB port, and is upgradeable to 192 GB of storage with an SD card. There is no need for a mouse because you can manipulate the screen by touching with finger or stylus. PLEASE remember that this is a full computer. It runs the same Windows 8.1 that is on your desktop. It does everything that my HP does at home while having the added convenience of a touchscreen. The Surface Pro 3 is just lighter and easy to carry in my bag. I had some problems initially, the stylus was DOA. After chatting and troubleshooting with Microsoft customer support, they arranged for me to go back to the mall and exchange it for a new one. This stylus works well with OneNote and allows my to capture, cut and paste to OneNote with just the click of a button. It took me a month of using the computer before I had all of the setting exactly to my liking. Like any Microsoft product, something seems to go wrong if I refuse to update. It was working just fine...Updates come out...I ignore the updates because the computer is working just fine...magical problems appear that force me to update. That is downright creepy, Microsoft! Anyway, if you're going to buy a Surface, buy the Surface Pro 3. It is the only Surface that does everything that a desktop can do. Trust me, I was nervous spending $800 for something that I thought of as a tablet. That is a lot of money to me. Nevertheless, as I sit here writing this review, I am convinced that buying this computer was one of the best investment that I have ever made.
R2L180PWJQWCZT	5.0	The Real Deal	3	3	This is my second Windows tablet, but my first Surface. I had been using a Toshiba 10" Windows tablet with overall good experiences. My wife has a Surface RT that she really enjoys, but I knew RT was too limiting for me. The build quality on her tablet was nice, though, so I had a lot of confidence in Microsoft before my new Pro 3 arrived. * Yes, this really can replace a laptop. Microsoft got it right with the Pro 3 and it really is in a class all its own. Now, while it has the power to replace your laptop, do keep in mind you lose a CD/DVD drive and you have less internal storage. * The screen is the perfect size and looks beautiful. So far, is very responsive. * Honestly, the Surface Pen is what makes this tablet as great as it is. I would have a hard time justifying the Pro 3's price without the pen. If you do photo editing or any kind of paint/drawing program, the Surface Pro 3 will revolutionize the experience for you. For OneNote, PDF files, etc., the pen is a new best friend. * The Windows button is now on the side instead of at the bottom, so less likely to bump by accident. I regularly accidently tap the Windows button on my wife's Surface RT when I happen to use it, so I like the move. (My Toshiba had a physical Windows button, which was nice for avoiding accidental taps.) * Yes, this tablet has a fan when it gets hot, and you can sometimes hear the fan humming. Not a big deal, but for hard core tablet users, that is something different. * Full size USB port is great. * Keyboard is pretty cool. Snaps itself into position. Types really well, though not the same as a full size keyboard on your desktop. Keys seemed to get greasy looking pretty quickly, but maybe I should wash my hands more... * I am HORRIBLE at running several programs at once and having tons of browser pages open at the same time. This tablet is a powerhouse at keeping up with the workload tossed at it. * It does an excellent job of maintaining battery power while in sleep. (Some Windows tablet users experience mysterious battery drain unless the tablet is actually powered off.) My experiences so far are that battery life is as advertised. (I do keep my screen bright, too.) *Build quality--this thing is very well made. We have iPads at work, and the Apple boys who are known for quality builds have nothing over the Surface. Granted, for the price a Pro 3 fetches, it should be of high build quality, but it is indeed. * The kickstand was a "duh" idea on the first Surface. Why every tablet maker didn't have one seems odd after the Surface. For the Pro 3, they took a great idea and made a pretty amazing kickstand that adjusts to any position you want...and does it VERY well. Whatever design team worked out the new kickstand, they need a high five. * The charger port/cable work very well together. It's a magnetic connection that snaps and holds well, but still releases if the cord is tugged accidently. Complaints? * Why they couldn't have fit a full size SD card reader slot is beyond me. SD cards are so common, a tablet that boasts laptop function needs to have one. Sometimes I need to pop in an SD card on the go when I don't have an external card reader with me. * The loop that holds the Surface Pen is...well...lame. It works ok, but something in the price range of the Pro 3 should have a classier, more industrial pen holder, especially considering how much the pen and tablet are designed for each other. In the wrong situation, that fabric loop will get tugged right off the cover and bye-bye expensive pen if you don't see it happen. Keep the fabric loop in the box, but there should be a metal clip that the pen snaps on and the other side of the clip plugs into the mini display port. (Port least used by owners.) Better yet, the metal case of the Surface has a notch on three of the four edges that the pen's clip slides snugly into. All in all, the Surface Pro 3 is the real deal. An impressive and powerful machine. If you want to do more than check social media and browse the web, the new Windows tablets are the only way to go. After you use one, other tablets seem like toys. It is sad that Windows tablets aren't seen as "hip" by the masses, because they really are superior tablets. (Owned Android tablets and used iPads at work.)
R2SU7LT8ZLL3BL	3.0	Great home or small business device, not good in the enterprise.	3	3	I work in IT and have had to support a handful of these in our company for a few people who received one as their desktop replacement. There's just so many niggly issues with external monitors, docking stations, networking, the list goes on. Although most of these problems are minor, and an IT savvy user would cope with them, they are very time consuming for IT because your average office worker doesn't want to waste their day troubleshooting them. Needless to say, after spending countless hours supporting just a few of these forsaken devices, I had built up a fairly passionate level of distain for them Then, much to my own surprise I ended up buying one as my main home workstation, and it suits my needs well. I'm into photography and I was shopping for a laptop, but disappointingly I couldn't find a Windows laptop with a decent quality screen, without spending a lot more than I wanted. When I weighed up the features of the Surface Pro 3 i5 128GB and compared it with similarly spec'd laptops with a good screen, the nearest comparison was a MacBook Air with a Retina display. I was loathe to join a whole new ecosystem, but would seriously have considered it, if that was the only option. But the i5 SP3 was on special, bringing it down below the price of the i3 SP3 and therein I had my answer. I won't go into all the pros and cons, but I'll just mention the standout successes and failures as I see them Screen - better than any laptop screen I've ever seen, great for photographers Size and weight - highly portable, but not at the expense of usability Build quality - very high indeed, rivalling Apple products in both feel and aesthetics Speed - Boots up very quickly, and opens applications at lightning speed On it's own it's a wonderful device, but try and connect it with typical office peripherals, add in enterprise networking and big business apps, and things go downhill very quickly. Many updates from Microsoft have promised improvements, but so far seem to have done nothing but use up more space on the C drive As an enterprise device I'd give it 2 stars - as a home device I'd give it 5. I'm settling on 3 instead of 4, because I believe Microsoft should have done a much better job testing and refining it for enterprise use
R2JDWY1IIN2311	5.0	Awesome device!	3	3	I purchased the MS Surface Pro 3 along with a docking station and keyboard from the Microsoft store. Same price as Amazon, but I have a store nearby and so I was able to just pick it up. I have to say, I have had a lot of different laptops and tablets in my time, and this is by far my favorite. I like that it works as both a tablet and an ultra light laptop. It's fast as can be (i5), plenty of ram (8mb), and the screen is awesome! 256 GB of drive space is plenty for me given that I have been storing my data in the cloud for years now. I also love that I can have a tablet that will run full on software like MS Office. The computer and accessories are perfect for my "use" scenario. I own a business. I travel some, but use a desktop at work. In addition I do training with my own staff and clients, and of course hold meetings with various teams within my own business. I already had a MS Miracast adaptor attached to the 55 inch Samsung flat screen in the conference area. I hooked the docking station up there and attached wired Ethernet and power to the dock. Casting to the flat screen is as easy as dropping the Surface Pro into the dock. This is awesome for training and meetings. And because the dock is wired to LAN in our office I can print to the network printer and access the NAS we have set up to share documents from the Surface Pro. We also use Onenote for meetings to take meeting notes. The notes are immediately shared to each employee to their desktop computers because the notebook actually lives in Onedrive. Another great feature is that a blank Onenote page functions as a virtual whiteboard when casting the Surface Pro to the flat screen. And when the meeting is done the whiteboard syncs to everyone that is sharing the notebook in Onenote. Yes, this can all be accomplished with other computers / laptops, etc. But it's so dang easy with this set up. I just love everything about this elegant device and accessories. For those complaining about the price - ah, not so bad in my opinion. My Apple IPad Air (128GB) cost about $1000 with the warranty, and that does not include a docking station, a keyboard, or even half the functionality of this set up.
RMPOK03C0BIJF	5.0	I made the right choice after researching for quite a while first	3	3	I have the i5, 256GB HD with 8GB RAM. This Surface Pro 3 is a tablet/laptop crossover. It is a laptop - that is what I bought it for, but it can also be a useful tablet. I have used it for work and play for the last week, and find something new to like every day. Probably my favorite feature is the speed in which it starts up - wow! From power button to launching apps in less than a minute - probably less, but I am still figuring out Windows 8.1 navigation, so I am slow. Don't consider buying this tablet without the keyboard - you will want one for heavy typing, unless all you plan to do is surf the web, social media and play games - in which case, save yourself $130 bucks, , but then I would probably also buy a cheaper SP3 as well. The screen keyboard is okay in a pinch, but not conducive to heavy keyboarding. I am using the keyboard now, sitting in my recliner with it in my lap. The entire unit is steady and comfortable. The keys are full size, and have a clicky response I like. The touch pad, which I usually can't stand is bearable, and there are actual left and right "buttons" within the touch pad - I never was a fan of the tapping to select. Way better. The screen is clear and crisp, and the audio - though not spectacular - is sufficient for my needs. If I want stereo sound, I will connect it to a Bluetooth sound system. The 12" screen is perfect, and converts nicely into a paper style tablet if you are inclined to write with the stylus. The double click button on the stylus launches OneNote without waking the Surface, and is handy when taking quick notes during a meeting. If you are on the fence about buying because of the Windows 8.1 operating system, I would encourage you to put aside your XP or Win 7 biases and give Win 8.1 a try. Every effort is made to show you how to navigate in what is a very different environment - but sit down and go through the tutorials Microsoft provides - you will be a pro sooner than you might think. Frankly, the system is so fast, with no lag in performance at all so far, that it is worth the mild headache of learning the new system. In a year, people will be complaining that they have to upgrade to Win 10 - wait and see. I bought the ProCase Premium Folio Cover Case with Stand for MS Surface Pro 3 based on recommendations from reviewers, and it is perfect - I haven't used the tablet stand once, because the case is just as versatile. If you plan to protect your investment, I recommend this cover.
R1W0DJVEJHQ91E	4.0	Surface Pro 3...great choice for a frequent traveler who needs business apps and connection to the home office in a tiny package	3	3	I would give the Surface Pro 3 4.5 stars if I could. Generally, I've been very impressed. Since there are so many reviews, some of them quite detailed, I'll give you my key takeaways: What I Love: - Size and form factor. It's very slim, even with the attached keyboard cover, and makes a great travel companion. Without the keypad attached, it's a substantial but not excessively heavy tablet. It really does give you the best of both worlds, though I tend to think of it more as a killer tablet that can just about be your laptop...rather than a true laptop replacement. - Performance. I have the i5 with 256GB and it performs great. Boots fast, programs load fast.I debated paying another $250 for the i7 but I could not reconcile the price difference with the estimated speed gains of 10-20%, in light also of more heating issues. The i5 seemed the best solution for my needs and it has not failed me. - The coolness. This thing is a very nicely built piece of hardware and it looks cool. Microsoft is on to something with this. A few improvements in the Surface Pro 4 and they can knock it out of the park. - Screen resolution is quite impressive. Almost too good, since 1080 videos can look a little grainy due to the high resolution. I played some sample 4000K videos on the Surface Pro and they look incredible. - Battery life. Okay, it's not as good as an iPad. I only get 7 to 8 hours, depending on screen brightness and so on. 10-11 hours would be really impressive. But look, 7-8 isn't too shabby, for a fully functioning computer this small and light. - The keyboard. Very nicely made. Surprising that something so thin can be so well built and perform well. The down side is that the keyboard is a bit noisy in use. That can be a bit irritating in situations where you would prefer to keep a lower profile. But given the small form, this keypad is fairly ergonomic. The track pad is small but effective. - The built in speakers. Not sure how they did it. I normally use a headphone but somehow, Microsoft managed to put two very powerful tiny speakers in this device. It produces pretty decent volume and clarify for a device of this size. What Bugs Me: - A single USB drive. I solved this problem for under $30 with the Satechi adapator -- conveniently plugs into the Surface Pro's single USB 3.0 port and magically gives you three USB 3.0 ports. Plus....an ethernet port, too. A must-have accessory. - The cord on the power adapter is a little too short. Yes, it's a more compact power brick and we like the small form, but an extra 1 -2 feet would be really, really helpful if you are sitting on a hotel bed and need to reach your power cord to a wall outlet. - The pen. Okay, the pen is great...if I would just use it. But I rarely ever use it. So I keep the pen in my backpack, in a loop, because I don't want to attach that silly thing to the keyboard case. I suppose if I start using the pen in OneNote, I'll change this to an item I love. In the meantime, it's a touted feature that I just haven't gotten much use from. Conclusion: If you want a true hybrid tablet-laptop combo, that is - if you plan to sometimes sit with a tablet and read or play with apps with no keyboard - and at other times if you need to do some work (particularly on the road), then the Surface Pro 3 is ideal. If you only need the latter (meaning that you really only need a laptop), then I would buy a laptop instead. If 90% or more of your time will be in laptop mode, then you would get more for your money with an ultrabook. But if you want the flexibility and small form factor, then the Surface Pro is the way to go.
R1R5CP16ZBKXTX	5.0	the dang thing doesn't overheat like the "gaming reviews" state	3	3	This review is for the Surface Pro 3 (SP3) i7, 256gb, 8gb in comparison to the Surface Pro 1 (SP1) First off, after the firmware update, the dang thing doesn't overheat like the "gaming reviews" state. It's super fast, I don't see it throttling, and lasts about 8-10 hrs with light usage (taking notes, surfing the net, making updates in matlab). The first thing you need to do when you purchase it, is keep checking for updates, and let the machine reboot a few dozen times as it applies all the updates. Eventually it will download all the firmware updates, which will fix any overheating issues! Overall it's amazing! I hated using my SP1 because the screen was so small, and was so hot all the time, with horrible battery life. I tweaked the power management settings on the SP1 to get 5-6 hrs, but then it was very slow. It was not enjoyable to take notes on because of the smaller screen size. The SP3 vs. SP1 is thinner , lighter, significantly faster, thermally cooler, while having a bigger screen. The only two thing Microsoft need to work on: 1. A real keyboard mount. The SP3 & keyboard paired together has no rigidity for working on your lap since you need to use the kick stand. 2. A better pen. I like the new thickness to the new pen much better, but you need to hover it sometimes for a split second for the screen to pick it up. Basically if you take hand notes, the SP3 is king right now. If you go to major universities this semester, you will notice a ton of students going the SP3 route. I've taken about 150 pages of notes with it so far in my workplace, and I can say it is by far the best tablet I've ever used for that. Now with the larger screen size and thinner design, it's easier to use on the couch or in bed as a quick web surfer. If you are considering to get one, do it, it rocks!
R2E2QQEM259PL9	5.0	Better than made out to be!	3	3	I will start by saying that I read every review possible prior to buying one of these. I ended up purchasing a 256G i7 Surface Pro 3 online. I was worried about the over heating issues, the WiFi wake up issues etc. I decided to take the plunge regardless. I have found this to be a very wise purchase. It does everything I need it to and weighs much less than my 17" laptop and is much more portable with a great battery life. I have experienced the heat coming from the upper right corner (when in landscape mode) when attempting to play any games that require hard graphics rendering. This is very rare and even then, it does get hot, but it does not shut down or restart and the fan noise that everyone says is so loud, is not loud at all. I noticed that my wife's MacBook Pro produces the same level of heat to the left of the trackpad area when doing labor intensive tasks also. This is not abnormal to me, but perhaps I am just the odd man out. The only game I have tried that pushed the heat level up noticeably was Elder Scrolls V, which makes sense. Otherwise this thing does everything I need it to and more. The WiFi issue: Yes, After three weeks of owning it, I noticed the wifi began saying "no network adapter connected" upon wake up from hibernation / sleep. In these cases I had to restart and then all was good. This has happened twice in a month now. I have all updates applied and am not running any programs that are reported to cause this to happen so I have no idea what to do about it. As it has only happened two times, it is not a major concern. The display is one of the best, the sound levels is impressive and even the surround sound seems well produced when watching a movie. I love the pen and the type cover is great, feels like a normal keyboard enough for me to use it for work and not be irritated. Back-lit keys are a plus. I have noticed there is an irritating glitchy sort of thing when the keyboard is attached and you fold it around to the back. In this mode it should pop up the on-screen keyboard when a text field is selected but that rarely happens and I have to click on the on screen keyboard icon to get the keyboard to appear. Sometimes is disappears after I type one letter. This very rarely happens but when it does I do get annoyed. There are daily updates however and I am sure it will be addressed soon, as is everything else. The item is compact and useful and photo shop runs perfectly on it. I never realized how much fun it would be to use Photoshop with a stylus/pen enabled and a touchscreen. It makes the experience much better. I also use a CAC - Smart Card device for work with my surface pro 3 and have purchased and used the usb 3.0 hub +ethernet adapter which makes it useful even when there is no WiFi but only plug in internet.
R2MTM8QLQUV2R4	5.0	The Surface Pro 3 is the perfect computing device for my life	3	3	There are many great reviews out there about the specs and technical performance, so instead I'd like to talk about how the surface pro helps me personally. I am a medical student and there are very specific things I need in a computing device. The screen is a great size and allows me to look at diagrams and anatomy with incredible color, sharpness and detail. Additionally, it allows me to carry all of my textbooks digitally which can easily be pulled up, navigated and annotated. Furthermore, I love the split screen function which allows me to read a syllabus or study guide while referencing my textbooks side-by-side. It is very lightweight, a MUST for long days, backpacks and standing in the hospital. The versatility is incredible with this device. I can use it like a traditional laptop on a table or on my lap. I can use the kickstand and fold it down to take notes on (with an awesome stylus) during lecture or I can snap off the keyboard and use it as a tablet when in a group or when I need to be standing. Writing on it is about the best I've experienced on a digital device. My handwriting looks exactly the same as on paper. The keyboard is very responsive and the touch interface is incredible. Very smooth. Also, the USB 3.0 is very fast. I am SO grateful this device has a USB port; just that feature alone knocks other tablets off the podium in my opinion. It comes standard with BitLocker which is important for the confidential patient information I might need to store on it. Most importantly, it has full desktop capacity which allows me to run any program I need and access important university e-mail systems. Having a full OS on such a lightweight, versatile device really does amount to the perfect computing device for my life at this time. A few cons: -It is a bit heavier than 'just-tablets' so after 45 minutes or more of holding it your arm can get tired. Not too bad though. -The wi-fi has been really spotty with malfunctioning drivers but Microsoft has been working hard to address that and they have patched it up pretty well now. - Navigating menus and windows with just fingers instead of a mouse or stylus takes quite a bit of practice. A steep learning curve for sure. If you are going to be using this as your main computing device, I would highly recommend a bluetooth mouse. (Keep that USB port free!) - It can get really hot on the top right of the device if it's working hard. It doesn't really bother me but it is borderline HOT. - The camera is really crummy (but I don't ever feel the need to take a picture with my computer anyways...)
R18E3ABPUN4GCP	5.0	Best tablet/PC if you need both	3	3	This is one of the most useful devices I ever had, it has its flaws read on and see. Let me start by saying I love this tablet, but I have my reasons to buy it. I needed something to take notes on during lectures, that didn't lag all that much and had the capacity of a full PC. I use to have an iPad but at school or traveling many times found myself wanting to have a PC near me for some tasks. This tablet completes all of that. The writing is as accurate as the Galaxy Note's digitizer, but without all the lag that Samsung brings with its bloated launcher. I can now use the tablet portion and should I need to run an X86 software I'm covered This Corei3 version will do you well as long as you don't need it for heavy uses like video editing or 3d applications. This is in no way a gaming device (look at the tegra shield for that), I manage to run skyrim on low settings on a decent FPS but still I would not get this device for gaming any day. For web browsing, youtube, watching full HD videos is great, never lags, and if you worry about memory size you can expand with a micro SD 128GB (as I did) to install your regular software (apps are still going to be installed in the internal memory). Is this a laptop killer as microsoft states? No Is this a iPad or Android tablet killer? No If all you need is a tablet then there are cheaper options on the market, if you need a device that is a PC and a tablet, this is the one for you, why? Because windows is so limited on the app store department that as a regular tablet you'd be of with an iPad and if you are going to do some heavy use, a high end laptop will end up costing you the same as the corei7 surface pro 3 and offer you a better performance
R3RMT8R3E3B6KM	4.0	Best there is, but not perfect.	4	4	I love this thing. My only real complaint is the heat. Since I use this tablet for Adobe Illustrator I notice it a lot when I'm drawing. My wish list for the next gen Surface: - Type cover with built in Bluetooth - Dock that actually secured the tablet - Dock that allowed for angle adjustment
R252UEBZKQIQC5	5.0	Love this thing – It IS a laptop killer	3	3	This SP3 is truly amazing. It is as light as my Samsung tablet, but it has full blown windows machine. But what makes this device truly amazing is the (almost) full sized keyboard. My biggest complaint about tablets and phones is having to deal with the onscreen keyboard and flipping back and forth between the letter and number keypads. The keyboard paired with a Windows tablet truly makes this device a laptop killer. I've had the SP3 for a few weeks now, and it has worked like a dream. I have a long commute to work (1 hr each way) so I now instead of sleeping or playing Angry Birds on my tablet I use the time to program my own apps (Unity). The software works flawlessly, and the screen resolution is crystal clear. The flexible kickstand is amazing and allows me to adjust the angle of the screen and keyboard to any weird angle I need during the long bus ride. The styles is a little quirky and the mouse pad is difficult to use while traveling 75 mph, so I use a USB mouse instead. And battery life is pretty good. I can usually go three days of use (~6 hours use) before I need to recharge. The only negative thing I have to say about the SP3 is that it runs a little hot. The upper right corner can get uncomfortably warm. And early on I did have a problem with the SP3 refusing to turn on, but I went through the Two-Button shutdown and it has worked fine ever since. So now I wish had had bought the SP3 with the larger hard drive. With more disk space and a faster processor I would ditch my bulky laptop and only use the Surface Pro 3.
R11MC4R851G3PE	5.0	Impressive travel device!	3	3	I feel like the Surface devices get a lot of flack. They're not iPads and they're not ultra-books. They are in a category of their own. I use mine for traveling. I would not want to use it every day, because my work requires two monitors and more screen real estate. That having said, I love this Surface 3. I also have a Surface Pro 1 which I also enjoyed using. If you want to find out more about the Surface Pro 2 you can follow the link below: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00FG7MVJU/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B00FG7MVJU&linkCode=as2&tag=newcams-20&linkId=23K7ZVAN54QRKJGV Back to the Surface Pro 3 I immediately noticed that the screen is bigger, the device is lighter and it is lightning quick. I love the stylus, I enjoy writing notes on it. Is it difficult to type on your lap (this is assuming you have a type cover) yes. But it is doable in a pinch. To be honest, if I had an ultra-book, I don't like typing on my lap. I'm always looking for a study table to work on, so I don't have gripes re-lap use. The battery life is much improved over Surface Pro 2 which was THE BIGGEST drawback. I can go all day while traveling. All in all, I recommend this device if you want a light travel work device. It's too expensive to be just a media consumption device, but if you need a windows laptop, this is the best way to go. Try it out before you buy and recognize this device for what it is. It's not a traditional laptop nor tablet. And stop comparing it to an iPad. Once you get past that, you'll realize it's truly an AMAZING device!!
R28BQYNSCKKJJD	5.0	Giving it an honest review.	8	10	I find it funny how people complain about price when smartphones off contract can cost $699 or $799 and this is a full PC that runs apps and programs starting at $799 (with pen/ without the keyboard). The 64g and 128g IPad costs $699 and $799 respectively with no stylus or covers (I know lots of people who buy these at this price and don't give it a second thought). People also complain about the extra cost for the type cover but IPad doesn't offer one included in the price either. Some people say compare it to the MacBook pro. To that I say they're both great but the mac doesn't offer a touch screen or stylus input. How much extra would it cost if it did? I like apple products. They are well made and work well. They certainly deserve the reputation they've created. That doesn't mean I have to bash another product that is also well made and works well. You can love one brand and it not be a betrayal of that love to acknowledge the good qualities of another brand/product. Surface pro 3 is an awesome device and unlike some others I believe the cost is justified. I'm sure people will hate what I've had to say but I speak the truth. Apple is great and now apparently Microsoft has also created a great device. They deserve their props for that like them or not.
RRO2VJ45HRDJQ	5.0	The Next Evolution in tablet/laptop if you buy the Type Cover Keyboard	3	3	PROS: - Wow! A tablet size device with laptop sized screen and power. - 9 hours of battery life which is on par with MacBook Pro Retina. - Screen resolution and quality is on par with MacBook Pro Retina. - It's Microsoft which means it's compatible with the most software and the real work in the corporate world that I have to do (to pay for other toys). - Internet Explorer renders websites correctly. - Can install Adobe Flash video player for videos. - Size of an Apple iPad but it does way more when you buy the Type Cover Keyboard which turns it into a real Windows laptop. - Is also a real Android tablet - Whiteboard functionality to a remote whiteboard - Has a SD card slot so I can expand the storage even more inexpensively. CONS: - With the keyboard, I can't sit on the couch or be in bed and have the keyboard on my lap because the screen would flop over as opposed to a laptop where I can adjust the angle of the screen. - If you buy the Type Cover Keyboard, it is missing the INSERT key and the PRINTSCREEN key. But I can buy a Logitech wireless keyboard for $25 and it has the INSERT and PRINTSCREEN key, although it is bulky compared to the Type Cover Keyboard and wouldn't protect the screen. - battery is not user replaceable - No Kensington security slot to attach a cable lock. - video output jack is a mini video (aka Apple Lightning port) instead of a universal HDMI port. This means that I have to buy another cable and carry it around and potentially lose it.
R151CYGJ2Q39I8	5.0	Amazing product. Completely has replaced my laptop	4	4	Amazing product. Completely has replaced my laptop. I use it for classwork and my research and it's the only thing I have to carry around with me. Super long battery life. the pen works great. visuals and audio amazing. best move to make from apple.
R1LGCY91G3M8CJ	5.0	Better than I even dreamed of	4	4	Better than I even dreamed of. I have two 24" DELL monitors and full size Logitech Keyboard and mouse connected to it for full time software development at my office. After the work day is done it is my tablet replacing my old iPad.
R2A8378PPKDT07	5.0	Great for College Students	3	3	I'm a web design student in San Francisco. I have an hour long commute to get to classes in the city. I was tired of lugging my old laptop back and forth every day, and it was time for me to get a new one anyway, so I opted for the i7 model of this. It is pretty expensive, and it took me a while to save up for it, but oh man, it is so worth it. It's so light weight I barely notice it in my bag. I love how I can be taking notes in class, then flip it over and follow along with a Photoshop demo. Speaking of Photoshop, this is surprisingly good with Adobe products. I often have to work with Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign open all at once. The Surface can handle that with no problem, even if I also have Chrome, FTP, and maybe some Netflix playing on the side. The only caveat is that it does get a little hot, especially when I'm doing intense work like 3D or video editing. Not enough for it to overheat or damage anything, but enough that I prefer working with the pen instead of direct touch. I've never gotten the error of it shutting down due to overheating. I'm pretty sure they fixed that in a firmware update. Overall, I'm so glad I bought it. It truly is the tablet that replaced my laptop.
R36OJ9734DFUVL	5.0	Wonderful product	4	4	This is an awesome product. I am a Mac user and I bought this for my wife, I am even thinking of buying one myself. It makes windows look good and work well. Well done Microsoft. Credit where credit is due.
R3IVH61QJ11LSD	4.0	best thing to get as a laptop replacement	3	3	-Pros. - get the keyboard & you will have the best laptop + tablet - Great battery life - the pen adds to it's productivity specially when used with MS One-note. - great stand with endless sitting options including placing it on your lap without feelung any heat Cons. - too heavy for one hand usage as tablet but to me the stand makes up for that - because of it's size as a tablet it if held horizontally with both hands for typing it's hard to reach middle letters of the onscreen touch keyboard - got a couple of freezes with heavy usage - had an incident of non responsive touch screen & resolved it with a reset (holding volume + power) - FYI it gets hot specially on top right area - in bright light the glossy screen can be bothering Finally, it is really a great laptop replacement & a productive device in the market & I love it most of the cons are unavoidable because of that I deducted one star for the few freezes & one non responsive touch screen incident & I guess I'm just unlucky or maybe due some static cuz I was in bed when that happened! HIGHLY RECOMMEND productive portable pc
RB4JP0K5AK92B	5.0	Wow I am blown away and I am an Apple guy.	3	3	So here is my review after using the Surface Pro 3 for about a month now. I must say for me it was probably one of my best recent investments in my art. It is very lightweight and easy to lug around and use pretty efficiently every where I go. Couch, desk, outside and anywhere else I might have an idea to work on. I have not even touched paper since I got this. It is my sketchpad for my designing. The only flaw I have ran into is that it is a PC and has a few glitches like watching for viruses and stuff like that. I have not had any problems that were not fixable though so it is not an issue. I am actually very impressed with windows 8 running on this device, I know a lot of people did not like that OS. I think it is very fluid and easy to use once you take the time to learn it. The pen is absolutely fantastic and works well for drawing after you get used to it a little. If you are not using this thing for something like art or business it is big price tag and probably not needed. But if you can use it to its potential it is well worth the cost. All in all a very smart and elegant machine. Thanks
R29V7IH6IKZ4K4	5.0	A Tablet that has replaced my laptop, iPad, books, computer	6	7	Runs full version of Windows 8.1, runs all software that i am used to on my laptop, i can use MS Office, Photoshop, Autodesk Inventor, Blender (although this isnt for rendering), Visual Studio, Ableton Live,.... everything. Awesome, love it. The digitizer pen is a great addition, you may want to buy an additional HTC pen ($11) if you prefer a hard nib. The iPad looks so much like a toy tablet now :)
R2XIR6U7UVSBO4	4.0	Excellent peice of kit, let down by wifi card	4	4	Excellent piece of gear, still having problems with Wifi, which seems to be on going from the Pro 2. Would have thought they would have either fixed or changed the hardware before releasing the pro3
R1U58C8FRMNUEM	5.0	Best Drawing Tablet I've Ever Owned	3	3	After owning several drawing tablets over the years I think this is my favorite of them all. I was reluctant to buy another Surface Pro after I wasn’t impressed with the first and I found earlier N-Trig styluses (Lenovo Android Tablet) to be very jagged and inaccurate. But the Surface Pro 3 is a whole new ball game. The screen is bright and clear (thanks to the high resolution screen). The aspect ratio (4:3) is close to 8 x 10 sheet of paper which is great for drawing. Most of my previous tablets were 1080P which sounds great but I found it to be too narrow horizontally and too long vertically. Performance is very snappy even with running full Photoshop, Illustrator and Sketchbook Pro. The stylus is very accurate and has a good weight to it. I choose to not buy the keyboard cover since I planned on using it almost exclusively as a tablet since I have a regular laptop for more doing more Office oriented work. Previously owned tablets: Lenovo X61, Lenovo Android Tablet, Samsung Note 10.1, Samsung Ativ 700T, Surface Pro 1, Cintiq Companion
R1740LYMLWIWR5	5.0	Gaming, Adobe Software, Camera - Great Productivity Device	3	3	The whole notion that the Surface Pro 3 (SP3) will replace your laptop and tablet isn't too far off, if at all. For the average, everyday laptop user, the power packed into the Surface Pro 3 is more than enough - even for programs like Photoshop and most people probably don't even use that. There are 5 different models you can choose from, starting at $800 (+ $130 if you want a physical keyboard). They have competitive technology packed in, but offer more than your traditional laptop or tablet. Screen The screen size is pretty great. 12" is big enough to side-by-side some windows, which is helpful in many instances. The somewhat unusual aspect ratio (3:2 instead of 16:9) will still give you black bars when watching the common 16:9 video or movie, but the SP3 was built to do much more than just watch videos. Laptops are okay as 16:9 because they are meant to only be used in one orientation, whereas the SP3 can be oriented in landscape or portrait for different applications. Some peo... Read more
R3LJC7JQX0KXAT	3.0	over all treat like a museam piece but still a great portable	4	4	Fragile as glass, keyboard sensors are broken after 2 months, corner is chipped, and first charging cable broke. over all treat like a museam piece but still a great portable computer
RODLDOV7QQSRJ	5.0	Finally, my All-In-One Solution.	3	3	I have had the Surface 3 for a while now. Until now, I have probably owned at least 10 different tablets looking for one that would fit all my needs. After several years of trying and selling other tablets, including the original Surface Pro, I finally bit the bullet and went for the big boy Surface 3. I can know honestly say I have found computing Nirvana. I use my Surface 3 in my docks (2 homes) as my primary PC. I have a floor standing PC that is really only used for hosting my rather large HD video connection and streaming it throughout my main home. I have 2 external 24" monitors attached to the dock and the Surface 3 has no issues with the demanding tasks I give it. I do hear the fan come one every now and again but it's not really loud. When un-docked, it is the prefect tablet me me. I take mine everywhere. Yes, it was pricey, but when I look at all the money have spent looking for that perfect device, suddenly the Surface Pro 3 is not all that expensive.
R3RRHTI6VYNDDV	5.0	iPad killer	3	3	I'm in medical school and everything here is electronic. They gave us iPads but they have extremely limited functionality. I hated it but needed to use it to take tests. The Surface Pro 3, when used with One Note, is great. I can stay organized and have all my lectures on one device. OneDrive allows me to simultaneously edit notes via my laptop and draw on them using the Surface. Unlike the iPad, this is a keyboard-less PC you can use for everything. You can have multiple windows open and do everything your laptop can do but in a much more portable form factor. I actually want to use the Surface whereas I hated using the iPad because of its limited functionality. Microsoft is onto something and hopefully they won't screw it up. Artists routinely utilize styluses for art and Steve Jobs' hatred for styluses has impeded Apple's offerings in this category - a very powerful tablet that can function as a full-fledged laptop if needed.
R1TWQM27HZQM5B	5.0	This thing is the shizzle!!	5	6	I live on a boat and work from home. I had a laptop, but with planning to start cruising in early Fall, I wanted something that was easily portable, took up minimum of space, but still had the speed/power etc of a laptop. The iPad was out because of the Flash issue and because it's just not set up to replace a laptop. I was skeptical of the Surface Pro at first, but decided I would buy one to test it then decide whether to keep it or exchange it for something else. (Note: I didn't buy mine on Amazon, but it a big box store where an exchange of electronics is easier). Anyway, it never came to that. Once I had it set up (which was easy), I was sold. It has turbo start which means this things boots, or wakes up from sleep mode, in about a nano-second. It's fast. It's also fast at doing anything and everything you want to do on it. I will add here that, if you're going to buy one of these, you need to spend the extra $130 to get the partner keyboard. Without the keyboard, it's not the same and can't really be compared to a laptop. The keyboard is magnetic so it attaches itself with ease. The power cord is also magnetic. This might not sound like w big deal, but if you're like me and constantly bumping into the cord only to see the device fall off the table onto the floor, you'll instantly recognize how nice it is that you never have to worry about that again. Bump into it and the cord automatically disengages to the device stays put. I can run every program I need to on here and it streams video, tv, movies etc beautifully. It also comes with a stylus which I've really only "played" with as I don't have any real need for it. For those who would use the table in a more artistic way, the stylus works great. I've used it once to take notes during a meeting and it worked great. I was then able to use an app to translate my notes into typed text. As much as I love this tablet/laptop combo, I don't see myself ever going back to a full size laptop again. I will say, however, that make sure you get the best model for what you will be using it to do. The base line model has much less RAM and only 64GB of storage. That might sound like a lot, but the operating system takes up about 20GB of that. It also has a different processor and doesn't have the punch of the i5 and i7 models. I don't know who would need the i7 version, maybe heavy gamers, I don't know. Most people will be more than happy, ecstatic even, with the i5. If you can afford to do the i5 with the keyboard, I highly recommend.
RNWU96NE4530E	5.0	I love this thing!	5	6	I've been a mac user for nearly 10 years, but I have to say that Microsoft has been working hard to step up their game. I find myself more frequently using this device then my 15" retina macbook pro simply because it's small enough bring with me, has good battery life and is very versatile. Not to mention, this is a very fast windows computer. I have the Core i5 128gb model with 4gb of ram. I would have liked the 8gb of ram but I couldn't justify the extra $300. The price is high when compared to an ipad, but this really isn't meant as direct competition even though that is what most people would use this for. This is truly a premium laptop. I choose this device because Apple is too stubborn to admit that people still like using a stylus, especially for writing. Using one on the ipad feels like writing with a big crayon. Similarly, the Samsung tablet's stylus is too small and has considerably more screen lag which reduces its appeal. The SP3 + Pen + Onenote are a winning combination. Not without it's flaws, but definitely the best note taking experience in my opinion and a great multi-functional computer. * BTW, The SquareTrade warranty for this device has great coverage and is a bargain! Pros: - Excellent, if not the best handwriting and note taking experience on a tablet. - Very fast computer - USB 3 for flash drives and port replicators - Great Versatility - Size/Weight for performance and use is great. - Full desktop applications and Win8 apps. - Functions as a laptop Cons: (Still love and would recommend the SP3) - Terrible rear camera, ok front camera. Fixed-focus lens. 5mp doesn't mean anything if you can't focus on the subject. (The rear is almost useless, but I'd use my phone first anyway...) - Win 8.1 still has DPI scaling issues and some buttons are too small, others too big. - Where do I put the Pen? You need to buy a case or Type cover to address this issue. - The box should include extra pen nibs. Although I'm told Microsoft will send replacement nibs for free. - The windows button on the bezel should not be touch sensitive. Very annoying while writing on or holding the device. - Gaming - Not really a con as the market games run great, but desktop games fall short. However this is probably the best available given performance/size/wattage. Suggestions for next version - Option to charge off USB when the power adapter isn't available. - Place to store the pen on the tablet itself. Perhaps on the side, in a groove or stronger magnets. - Better DPI scaling for windows 8.1 or 9... - Inset the Windows button and remove the touch sense. - Fix the cameras! Add a variable auto-focus at the very least. Better light sensitivity. - Finger print reader would be really cool.
R3TF7D7SYR2L2J	5.0	I was happy with my Surface Pro	5	6	I was happy with my Surface Pro, and my wife still loves her Surface Pro 2, so initially I had little interest in the Surface Pro 3. However, after reading a few reviews that highlighted the SP3's benefits as a comic book and magazine reader, I was convinced. The bigger size of the screen is initially off-putting, but once I held it in my hands I was impressed by the lighter weight. It's only one forth of a pound lighter than the older Surface Pros, but the difference is surprisingly noticeable. I would guess that part of that comes from how the weight is spread out over a greater surface area. The bigger screen makes reading magazines and comic books an all new experience. I no longer have to zoom in to read text. The high-resolution screen also helps make everything look crisp and clear. The machine is almost always dead silent. The only time I have heard the fan is during firmware upgrades, and then only for a few seconds. Battery life is noticeably better than that of the Surface Pro 1. With the SP1, I had to charge the thing once every couple of days, even with light usage. The SP3 can go for three or four days before needing a charge with the same light usage. There are some downsides to this machine. The kick stand feels cheaper than the it did on the SP and SP2. The 64 gig storage drive will limit what you can do with this tablet. I tend to be use this mainly for reading and watching streaming media, so for me it's not a concern, but users who will be using this as their only PC might consider the models with more storage, or use the micro SD slot to expand storage. The i3 CPU and 4 gigs of RAM is enough for most general usage (web browsing, Office, movies), but people who want to use high end software, like Adobe CC, would be better served with more RAM and a better CPU. The wifi will sometimes not automatically reconnect to known networks, but a manual connect or a restart fixes that. I am really happy with this purchase. There is no other tablet on the market that has this mix of features.
R1AZ9VYKIND0TX	5.0	It's an awesome tablet, and is a replacement for my laptop	5	6	Now this is what I have been wanting for quite some time. It's an awesome tablet, and is a replacement for my laptop. I've put video editing software on it, and it performs beautifully. Still getting used to it, and since so many apps tend to 'take over the phone or computer', I don't use an app for a lot of stuff, but rather load it from the desktop, just like my regular computer, and it opens just as fast as if it were an app on the Metro screen. For instance, I hate the way Facebook wants to take over everything. I first loaded it via the app, but after looking at what it wanted to do, plus what it was demanding it have control of, live photo, video libraries, my contacts, etc., plus seeming to run even when it was in sleep mode, I deleted it. Then I went to the desktop mode, and load it by going to the Facebook website and using it as on my regular computer. Put a short cut on my desktop mode, and once I click it, it may take one second longer to load as the log in screen pops us, and I don't click to have it run all the time. When I click to exit, it's gone and not running in the background. Done a few other programs like that too. I can't stand the way apps want to have access to things that make no sense whatever. Perfect tablet and laptop combined. My wife has an iPad Air, and she cannot do nowhere near as much as I can with this Surface. She now wants to sell the iPad Air and get a Surface. Go Microsoft. For some that might think Microsoft is late to the tablet game, they were actually the first to come out with one. Ahead of its time back in 2001. My daughter-in-law had one via her work, but it didn't take off. Even back then the tablet that Microsoft made was good. Not like the ones today of course, but it was ahead of its time. Get this baby, you won't be disappointed, unless you just want a 'toy'.
R1SRS76BV3UPWF	5.0	True desktop/laptop replacement	5	6	Pros: - Full on Windows PC in a tablet with a real keyboard. - Device feels solid, well-built. - Kickstand works very well, amazing design really. - Display is excellent quality, very high resolution, fairly bright, and great viewing angles. It really doesn't get much better than this. - Snap-in magnetic keyboard cover is clever and convenient. Can fold it around back and keys and trackpad are disabled so this makes a very quick transition from laptop to tablet and vice versa. No fumbling required, just get work done with the most efficient platform possible. - Power adapter magnetic snap-in is also very nice, don't really have to fumble trying to find the port it just goes in on its own if you are reasonable close and lined up. - Full size USB 3.0! - Good battery life Cons: - Can't right click with track pad, have to touch screen. - No left and right click buttons for track pad. - Cant really tell when the CAPS LOCK is on because the light isn't much brighter than reflection of the dot from office lighting, and there is no on screen notification except at password prompts. - Cant adjust screen brightness with FN+F1, F2, in fact it doesn't appear the "Fn" key does anything. I will have to look into this more. - Keyboard when propped up (snapped to the display to give the keyboard an angle when used in laptop mode) partially blocks easy access to touching the taskbar. I moved taskbar to top of screen, but then when in metro apps and moving mouse cursor to top to close, taskbar comes out on top of the close bar. Keep this in mind if you like your taskbar at the top. - Occasionally, when the keyboard is folded behind the tablet, if you rotate the display orientation, it starts taking keystrokes that your fingers are resting on. - Been having this weird bug on occasion, when I tried to right click touch on desktop and select Personalize, nothing opened. On my third try I used the touch pad to move the mouse over and click Personalize and that worked. It gets stuck this way and when you click desktop context menu options with touch screen it doesn't open what you tapped. It doesn't get fixed until you reboot. General Windows 8 bug? Other Thoughts: All in all this is a very powerful device. There are only a few annoyances and problems, which are little compared to all the advantages you get. Once the docking station comes out I imagine this thing will easily replace my laptop and docking station and be far more convenient on the field. It isn't perfect, but with each new Surface it gets better and better. I think Microsoft is really onto something here, and the professional business market should be interested. The only problem is the price tag and size of display. Yes it is the 12" display, bigger than most tablets, but it is still too small for a laptop replacement. However going much larger starts to make it a huge tablet, so where do you draw the line? I don't think there really is a perfect answer, yet. Perhaps foldable or roll-up displays will be the answer, but we will have to wait and see. Here are a few more things I thought of: - I feel the flexible material around edge of keyboard will wear and tear over time, hopefully i'm wrong and it is a quality material that will last. It also feels awkward when holding tablet with keyboard over display or over back. - Wish the touch could assume what you are trying to touch a little better, like Android and iOS does. - Worried over time keyboard will leave slight key imprint on display as keys are not lowered below the surface of the cover. - Wish keyboard was wireless with thin Li-Ion battery that recharges from the device, although it would be thicker I though it would be beneficial at times.
R2CLMDBX72TBXT	5.0	Excellent Tablet/Labtop for students	3	3	As a first term medical student, I needed something to consolidate all my notes and save my back. I ordered the Surface Pro 3 so I could easily upload all the lecture slides and not have to carry a three 3 inch binders full of printed out lecture slides. Also, I am a pen an paper note taker and that is also why I purchased the Surface Pro 3. Since using the Surface Pro I have saved time and hassle with lecture notes. It is more convenient to carry around than 3 large binders and a 5 lb laptop. Note taking has been incredible and actually better than taking notes with actual pen and paper. While researching what tablet to purchase for note taking capability, every review I read about other tablets made refernce to the Surface Pro 3. Eventually I decided to pay a little extra for the SP3 and have been completely satisfied.
R3PI39OA39C38K	4.0	I like it	3	3	Very solid product. I was amazed that on initial boot up I was prompted to import the settings from my Surface Pro 2! I agreed and everything imported including an app I use quite a lot. The scary part was that it included my IE Browser history as well. Not that that presents a problem but from a privacy concern it was surprising. And i know there is an IE setting to preclude this, but just a cautionary note. I got the I& 256Gb version and am impressed with it's speed and the graphics are impressive. I very much like the 12" screen over the SP2. the only down mark so far is that twice I have had problems booting up. Black screen maybe the cursor displays (50% so far) but nothing else. On line research got me the hard reboot sequence (hold power for 30 sec, release for 15 sec, hold power + Volume for 15 sec).
R1RGOD58DNN8G1	5.0	LOVE LOVE-major improvement on the first generation	3	3	I had previously owned a Surface Pro (first generation) and really liked it, but it needed improvements. The Surface Pro 3 addressed those concerns. The tablet with the keyboard is thin and light. The kickstand works at any angle which is awesome. The keyboard pops up into a more comfortable typing position and it also is more securely attached to the tablet. The pen is great. I used to own an iPad (3rd generation) and this Surface Pro 3 is close to the same thinness as the iPad 3 which is cool. The battery life is SO much better. I easily get a days work out of it. It also charges very quickly. The tablet and keyboard feel like a light book in my hands. My only complaint would be that the keyboard doesn't magnetically attach to the tablet on both ends or some way to secure the keyboard. Otherwise, perfect device!
R22GJLFVWYUS6L	4.0	no easy way to hold it	3	3	Bought this for the wife, she likes the small size and weight. Only a few problems, the thing won't fit her lap,no easy way to hold it . It is very touchy, if you touch it anywhere around the edge it go's off into another world requiring you to find where you were again. It is so compact that you can't hold it with out touching the screen around the edge and that causes it to switch screens or change to another program. Playing games on "Pogo" is also difficult due to the small size display. A great computer that is still not excellent, powerful but not so easy to use, handy but confounding at the same time. It won't replace our laptop or our Ipad for all uses. Expensive, you must have the keyboard to increase the usefulness so count on adding another $120 to the already high price.
R2V8QRFPA4UXCZ	5.0	ideal for me	3	3	Absolutely wonderful device. Pros: * solid state hard disk is fast * the stylus is awesome and it is a joy to take notes w/ one-note. * I also use the stylus to mark up PDF documents with an app called Drawboard...this has been a Godsend since I grade papers submitted to me electronically * it's light as a feather * it's a full-fledged computer * the keyboard cover is a nice screen protector * I've had it for about 2 weeks and have had no problems with overheating * it works really well as a tablet Cons: * I'm struggling to find things to complain about * the keyboard is a little bit loud * I wish the screen were a *smidge* larger (12.5 inches? 13 inches)...but honestly, I haven't had any problems fitting things on the screen.
R291EDAEAVJGQU	5.0	... my classes in medical school and it has been amazing. I can import all the powerpoints and pdfs ...	3	3	I use it for my classes in medical school and it has been amazing. I can import all the powerpoints and pdfs into onenote and then I can just turn the computer into a tablet and write on it like it is paper. I also do development and webdesign, and it has been awesome to have a tablet that is also a computer. Not to mention that being able to use touch to interact with my computer is really quite fun and useful. I've heard many people say, "Why would you ever touch the screen on a laptop? You have a trackpad?" I thought that made sense, but now that I have a touchscreen, it is useful and fun. A fantastic product. (Just know that there aren't a ton of apps, but you have all the desktop apps which is what I care about. And more apps are always being made.)
R311S9X5WDGGIC	5.0	This is a pretty amazing device and	3	3	This is a pretty amazing device and, finally, a laptop replacement that is the size of a large tablet. I purchased the i5 processor vs. the i7 because the reports I'd read said that the battery life would be better. I have nothing to make a comparison with, however, the battery life is pretty good, about 4 hours with generally heavy use. This Surface Pro 3 came with the standard keyboard. It's really nice. It lights up and it's thin and lightweight. That said, I also purchased the battery keyboard. It's not a perfect fit as I believe it was designed for a previous model Surface Pro. It's also heavier than the other keyboard. That said, I'm really glad I bought it because now I can go a full 8-9 hours on battery power. Microsoft did a really nice job on this product.
R38Z4UFMGI8GJL	5.0	Every feature I ever wanted in a featherweight device	10	13	Was looking at the MacBook Pro Retina 13" since MacBook Air resolution is too low but it would require the additional purchase of iPad Air, Adonit Jot stylus and Intuos digitizer pad to be somewhat equivalent but less integrated than Surface Pro 3. After owning the Surface 3 i5/8GB/256GB for several days now I love the sharp usable 12" display, precision pen for note taking/annotating/signing PDF documents to promote a green paperless environment, the ability to detach the keyboard so it doesn't stick in my throat when lying on the sofa reading with it on my chest, the excellent sound quality from dual front facing speakers and at a featherweight 1.76 pounds without keyboard cover which feels about the same as my iPad. Another added health benefit is it barely outputs any heat and the heat isn't directed at your private area when used on the lap like the MacBooks. While the keyboard is fine for fast touch typing the touchpad is a little smaller for comfort so I'd recommend a Bluetooth or USB external mouse.
R2LWMS9L4O9AJX	5.0	Best computer I've ever owned - hands down	3	3	Okay - i was nervous here because I was replacing my tower and my laptop and wasn't sure this little thing was powerful enough. Man I am NOT disappointed. The touchscreen is critical, the keyboard is perfectly responsive, and the machine cruises through very demanding applications like nothing. I've paired with a wireless external hard drive, and I'm in heaven. I dock this when processing raw images or creating documents, since the full size keyboard and large monitor are needed. Simply grab the surface from the dock and instantly the most powerful handheld device I've ever owned. The split screens along with all other touch screen functions are very very cool. I really like my surface pro 3! Really! !!!!
R2BSTEDBE1V8BH	1.0	When it worked, it was great. It didnt last long.	3	3	I have had this computer for about a week. In that time, the user account has been corrupted three times, the computer has crashed several times, the browser cannot view certain websites (like google news, ABC<dot>com; basic stuff) without blowing up. Everything was updated and current. The computer has not been stable enough for me to bother installing any software (barring firefox and once OpenOffice) because it has been so unstable and erratic. The final kicker, this morning the operating system became fatally corrupted and is giving me a permanent BSOD, from looking up information with Microsoft's own browser, on their own cursed help page. I'm done with this nuisance and am sending it back.
RS6VC2U2ZVJI2	5.0	he has found it a most useful device for taking lecture notes	3	3	We bought my son a Surface Pro 3 last February 2015 prior to him entering medical school. Now that he is in medical school, he has found it a most useful device for taking lecture notes, handwriting writing diagrams presented by the professors, importing photos and text and overwriting with notes, importing PDF or JPG graphics into his lecture notes, and other functions. While I am not sure of all the programs he uses on the Surface Pro 3, using the stylus with MS One Note has been one of the most useful programs. As soon as I can, I am dumping my 3 year old Toshiba Satellite laptop to obtain a Surface Pro 3 for myself. As a geologist, I can see lots of interesting uses for this MS product.
R1Q1XJ99Z16JI6	5.0	Best PC or tablet I have ever owned	3	3	Best PC or tablet I have ever owned. It's small, powerful, has more software available than either iOS or Android because it's Windows (it can run Android and Android apps via 3rd party software). Has a touchscreen. I really use it for everything...work, shopping, movies, Skype calls. It connects very well with external displays, I'm currently using it with an miniDV-to-HDMI cable to my big screen TV while using a wireless keyboard and mouse. My SP3 is somewhere across the room while I sit in my comfy chair using it with full-size mouse and kb to my big screen TV. All I had to do was plug in my video cable and it worked. There is so much win with this device.
RSO0ZNZSMP3K8	5.0	Perfectly Executed! Well done Microsoft!	5	6	For me the Surface Pro 3 is what a "laplet" (laptop+tablet) should be, all things considered. It is something of a standout, not by all it does individually, but by how it blends several elements together in a practical and all-purpose device. I've upgraded from my old white MacBook because it's very functional and the best combination of recent innovations I've seen so far. Microsoft's main competitor, Apple, lacks something that truly competes this device with all that it does. The screen is rather nice and the proportions seems right; not too small to compromise usability nor to big as to be cumbersome to carry around. I had read that Microsoft was aiming for the proportions of a legal-size paper with it, and seems about right. Microsoft has definitely earned a few points in my book with their new device. The Surface Pro 3's amazing versatility also gives it a Swiss Army knife feel from time to time. -It's good at most things most of the time, yet lacks that specialization to work with certain tasks as conveniently as it should. This device really *needs* to be bought with the Surface Pro Type Cover, otherwise you'd be missing out. I've had it for nearly two-weeks and would easily purchase the Surface Pro 3 again.
R1P6TX95UTTLUQ	3.0	Almost...	3	3	I bought a used Surface pro 3 from a friend and I got to say it is a great advancement in technology! Runs low end games on steam great, Quick and easy to use interface and a solid OS with more programs available than Android and iOS combined. Problems are that is a tablet. Since its a tablet it can be a pain to hold onto and if it falls and or gets dropped, there is no case you can put on this to protect it due to the fan and the thickness. The real problem is that you are paying $1200 for something that is just as comparable as a Samsung note pro 12.2 LTE 4g witch goes for $750. Great tablet, but not as good as other options
R2RZU2NOP0LQC7	5.0	Best laptop or tablet on the market.	3	3	Easily the best laptop I've ever owned. I switched from a MacBook pro because it was a pain to run lots of engineering programs while at school on a Mac since lots of them only work on Windows OS. I was hesitant out first thinking something with a touch screen and so light and thin wouldn't have the capability of running these programs. I was completely wrong, it can run AutoCAD, Autodesk, Catia, etc. without any problem and works perfect for engineering. I sold my MacBook pro and iPad and switched to the Surface Pro 3 and could not be more happy with my choice. More people should consider doing the same!
R1FJ7O7IFTQAEW	5.0	Impressed	5	6	Slick, elegant device that is perfect for students, business people, professionals, or anyone that wants a device that can be an excellent, thin, light weight tablet when you want it or a portable, fully featured, powerful laptop when you want it. Takes all the annoyances about the SP1 (thick/heavy, poor battery life, weird screen ratio, limited kickstand) and eliminates them completely. I was amazed the first time I picked it up and realized how thin and light it feels compared to the original Surface. I still prefer Windows 7 for my desktop, but Windows 8.1 actually makes a lot of sense and works well on the Surface. The App store has a way to go, but having a tablet that is a fully powered computer helps to make up for this. I (so far) have not had the wi-fi issues that Microsoft has acknowledged. They made a marketing mistake by trying to compare this to a MacBook Air. There is no need to compare this to other pieces of technology as it is essentially its own category. I feel like the tech press has been unfairly lukewarm on this thing. Go to your big box gadget store of choice and play around with one. You won't be disappointed.
R3HQQI2H0VESGJ	5.0	Love at first tap!	3	3	Wow! I've had three different iPads and an HP tablet, but the Surface 3 stands far above all of them. It's also huge progress from the Surface 2. With the button on the stylus simulating the right click on a mouse, I don't even miss the mouse. The keyboard cover is wonderful, and the fully adjustable tilt is a huge improvement over the Surface 2. I don't know that I'm ready for a 12-inch screen to replace my laptop, but the Surface 3 is definitely all I need to take to meetings and conference sessions.It fits perfectly into the small backpack that's taken the place of my shoulder bag. Couldn't ask for more.
R3UMBY6BQAPI7E	2.0	Don't Buy if you need the Camera for documents	3	3	Don't Buy if you need the Camera for documents. It's a fixed lens. Will not focus on documents. People are taping 3+ reading glasses to their cameras to try to get a readable close-up. The front camera is a better low light camera. It is tuned for close up of video for Skype and Lync (not documents). The back camera is tuned for distance (it does not autofocus) and is not as well suited for low light images.” Read more on forum: http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/forum/surfpro3-surfhardware/surface-pro-3-camera-quality/52a2b69b-aa2e-49bb-8287-55dd37f60c6a?page=2
RE2FLKQKLXS3W	5.0	Most versital computer in the world !!	3	3	Believe it I just sold my MacBook Pro and my Thunderbolt display. That is how good this baby works. The work flow from one app to another is uncannily quick and effortless. The build quality is top drawer, no flex of creaks. Battery life is great also. The Surface Pro 3 drives my 2560 x 1440 monitor effortlessly. There is a couple things Microsoft needs to do on the next version though- 1. Pen needs onboard storage like the old tablets !! 2. Apps and text boxes need to launch onscreen keyboard when in desktop mode !!
R3TDJEG7NVDIUP	5.0	Blown Away	3	3	I didn't purchase my SP3 through Amazon, but I'm so impressed with it I felt the need to throw my two cents in on the already glowing reviews. I got the SP3 and the keyboard and am loving it. I haven't touched my desktop since I got it. I'm planning on picking up the docking station when I can and hooking it up to either my 24" monitor or my 65" television. I haven't tried gaming on it yet as I primarily am a console gamer. I think once I get the dock and an external DVD drive, my desktop will be a thing of the past.
RGB1UD84XSGD	4.0	Awesome!!!!	3	3	I needed a replacement for my laptop, which I use for conference talks, dev work when on the road, etc. I "pondered" a long time whether to buy the Surface Pro 3 or a Lenovo X1 Carbon. I eventually decided on the Surface Pro 3 (i7, 8Gb ram, 256Gb SSD), and I have not regretted that at all. I use it both as a laptop as well as a tablet. I own a Nexus 10 Andriod tablet as well, and I find that I am now using the Surface Pro 3, more and more instead of the Nexus. So I can really, really recommend the Surface Pro 3.
R3EIFUBD0ZGLPF	5.0	Truly shocked at how good this is	7	9	First let me state my biases. I am a long term Windows user, not out of any real love, but out of habit and necessity. I have an Android phone for which I do have real love. I dislike Apple though I admit it's more out of rebellion against the hipster hype than anything else - I can objectively see how they make beautiful products. When my ancient PC laptop died last month, I started researching for its replacement. I NEEDED something that could handle serious work (I'm not designing rockets or anything but I do create big spreadsheets and image-heavy presentations with lots of programs open all the time). I also NEEDED something that had a decent sized screen but that was also fairly light and portable. But I WANTED a tablet type interface with a touchscreen for my personal / fun usage. I looked at high-end ultrabooks, Macbooks, and the Surface Pro 3. With some trepidation, I pulled the trigger on the Surface. I resigned myself to another blah but at least predictable Microsoft experience. Boy, was I wrong. After two weeks of using it, I cannot believe how excited I am about a Microsoft product. Here are the things I like the most: - It is beautiful in sleek silver and black, unlike its predecessors. - It has laptop guts. The Intel i5 an i7 processors are fast enough for most people's work needs. - It has a large screen for a tablet, but is very light for a laptop. I find that I really can use it in both ways with ease. - The pen feels and writes like a real pen with the right friction and ability to rest your palm on the screen like you would on paper. The top button opens up the included Notes app with one click even if the computer is locked (you can write a new note, not read old notes when locked). You can also buy a wonderful app for 4 or 5 bucks that lets you create and mark up PDFs using the pen. For the first time in my life, I am paper free and take all notes electronically. - It boots from total shut down in 10 seconds. I couldn't believe it! - I know there is disagreement here, but after using it, I actually like Windows 8.1! I like being able to use the traditional desktop and with one tap, go to the new-style Start screen that is more like a modern phone or tablet that's fun to use. You can pin almost anything to that screen, not only apps but also pictures, individual contacts, live weather and news tiles, folders, even specific webpages. There are some cool new touch actions, including being able to swipe in from the left edge to drag back recently used apps, which you can snap into half the screen as well as the full screen. - I purchased the Office suite and it comes with 1 TB (Terabyte!) of free space on OneDrive, the MS Cloud storage. That's plenty of space for me to use it as backup space instead of external drives or paid backup services, and I'm also using it to transfer large amounts of files from other computers instead of messing with USB cables. It also lets me automatically backup camera roll pictures from both the Surface and my Android phone into one combined picture folder on OneDrive. - The Music app without a hiccup imported all my itunes music and even my itunes playlists and allows me to listen to it all on my Android phone. Finally! Liberation from the shackles of itunes / ipod. Of course it isn't perfect. The keyboard is somewhat flimsy if you're comparing to a laptop and the mousepad just isn't precise enough for some fine-tuning things like resizing or dragging small text boxes. And you have to pay extra for the keyboard which sucks. The Windows Apps store is currently pretty bare compared to Apple's or Android's. And you just get the feeling that Microsoft hasn't quite figured out the laptop / tablet or work / play or old school / new school hybrids yet and once in a while you feel the Frankenstein nature of it. But all in all, this is very good and a unique offering in the market if it's what you are looking for.
R1B269VKI9L5BI	5.0	Great product!!! but I got a refurbished unit from Amazon fullfillment center	4	4	I got a refurbished unit, contacted Microsoft customer service and they confirmed it. (Update: After talking to Amazon, they resolved the refurbished issue, the computer is great, I changed from a macbook pro 13 to this and I'm really happy)
R1U55HE9XY0360	1.0	Not quite ready for the masses. Where the heck do I store the pen?	17	23	They sell it with a pen, but give you no good place to store it. Oh and the pen operates very differently depending on the programs you are using. Also you can't scroll with the pen... seriously!? I think someone at Microsoft needs to put down their Windows Phone and grab a Samsung Note phone or tablet to get an idea how a pen should work on a device. I like the idea of a tablet that can also be a PC and I think Microsoft is leading the way, but if you want me to shell out the money for this device, I expect better continuity with your platform.
R2VPJT8BTJTZLI	5.0	Really is great as a laptop replacement.	3	3	I bought one to use on a vaction trip where I didn't want to lug my busness laptop. It does everything my laptop can, including run VMware. As a test I ran a VM with Server 2008R2, SQL, etc. and the VM runs faster on the Surface then is does my laptop! Wish I had bought this before my last vacation! Too bad the battery can't be self-serviced but that is getting to be the case with almost everything these days. Looking forward to Windows 10 update!
R2UTOJCEDVCRB8	5.0	Amazing product.	3	3	Amazing product.....I've had it for about 3 months now. The Surface Pro 3 is truly is a laptop replacement. I don't use my laptop much these days. Not meant to play demanding games. Wish the battery was 2+ hours more efficient but it is a very powerful tablet. Great for reading e-books (and especially comics) and for watching movies. Most issues (i.e. Wi-fi, etc) have been fixed with Windows updates. I recommend the Surface to everyone.
R7RH6EEVIIYJK	4.0	Good, but 2 problems.	3	3	It's pretty good. It's tablet + laptop. Touch screen is very easy for me to use. However, there are 2 things I don't like about: 1. The battery doesn't last that long. It seems like it only last max 5 to 7 hrs, and I have to charge again. 2. Over heat problem, once I turn on for a while, it start getting really hot, especially if I'm using firefox. Hope they can come out some solution, especially for the 2nd problem.
R113IN3WLQJM98	4.0	Excellent Tablet. The best Windows Tablet as of 2015	3	3	Excellent Tablet. The best Windows Tablet as of 2015. Very fast, no problems. I could not replicate any of the problems in any of the bad reviews. I suspect they are either dealing with defective units (there is no such thing as a 100% perfect production run) and/or are Microsoft haters with nothing better to do. Get one and see for yourself. I have brought several for friends and family and they all love them.
R3MU5LHRRGAO36	5.0	... can boot straight to the desktop and have a nice Windows 7 style menu and Start Button I'm happy	3	3	This one has been reviewed to death so I'll just add that with the addition of third party software ("Start Menu 8" in my case) so I can boot straight to the desktop and have a nice Windows 7 style menu and Start Button I'm happy. Build quality is excellent. The Type Cover is essential unless you are using it in tablet mode only. So far no problems. All is well with the world....well, my world anyway.
RD7PZARNMMQBW	5.0	Just WOW!	5	6	If you have looked or been thinking about getting this I absolutely recommend that you do so - and with the keyboard and the ARC mouse. This is everything you see in the adverts. Works great as a tablet replacement. Works great as a laptop replacement. Keyboard is fantastic with real tactile keys. ARC mouse looks a bit funny, but works excellently. Graphics look great. I have been using it for a bit now, and while I have been a faithful iPad user for some years, I now find myself picking up this new Surface Pro instead as I head out every day. The ability to have a tablet OR laptop of this quality simply makes so much sense, and Microsoft has really pulled this one off. This is a 100% winner.
R2B9AFGE8X44ME	4.0	-Super fast - Good amount of storage - 8gb RAM - Amazing Picture ...	3	3	Pros: -Super fast - Good amount of storage - 8gb RAM - Amazing Picture Quality - Enough Power for High setting on games like League of legends and The Sims 4, 60+ fps Cons: - Not eassy to upgrade - Very high resolution for such a small screen. - If resolution is not tweaked, it is hard to read words
R50J9ISK9QS26	5.0	Very pleased...	3	3	Wow, much faster than I expected. I tested with Visual Studio Ultimate and with only 4gb, runs well. While unplugged, I installed VS2013 (this is a really large install), applied updates after installing studio, used Word/Excel/surfed the web for more than an hour, and sampled a number of apps and I still have > 50% battery.
R3EB56QD3T2B97	4.0	Love it. Only thing would be one or two ...	4	4	Love it. Only thing would be one or two more USB ports.
R2O2MQDLYVKQQL	1.0	STEER CLEAR OF MICROSOFT EQUIPMENT	9	12	As with other reviewers, I hate giving the tablet one star. It was a great tablet, while it worked! However given the issue I had with my tablet and the horrific customer care from Microsoft, it ends up with one star. I purchased my Surface Pro 3 (128 gb; i5) on December 1, 2014. It has worked well and I did not have any issues at all until April 4th. That morning, when I attempted to connect to the Internet, it could not find my WiFi network. I reset my router, just to be sure that we not the issue (although I knew it was not because my other WiFi equipment was connected). After doing some online searches, I found that there are issues with the Surface losing the WiFi connection after going to sleep. I tried the several fixes I found online but nothing worked. I contacted Microsoft support. The gentleman that worked with me seemed very competent and tried, over the course of 3 hours, to resolve the problem. It was finally determined that the WiFi adapter was bad and the Surface needed to be replaced. Sounded good……until several minutes into the discussion about the replacement when I asked him to confirm I would receive a new Surface Pro 3. He indicated I was going to receive a Microsoft “Certified” (AKA refurbished) replacement I explained to him that I had no issues with refurbished equipment, however I paid $1000 for a new computer and 4 months later, I was getting a used computer. If I wanted a refurbished Surface, I would have probably been able to pay around $200 less! He also informed me that my warranty would not be extended. So now I’m receiving a used tablet and their “certified” program does not even guarantee it works for one year!! In addition, I had to send my Surface back (via prepaid FedEx) and wait for another to be sent to me. At this point, they have had my broken Surface for one week and STILL have not shipped my refurbished tablet. I have always been a Microsoft supporter but that is over. I will never purchase a piece of equipment from Microsoft again. A company with the enormous buying power, and customer base, should treat their customers better. This experience has ALMOST turned me into an Apple supporter (another rant for another day). Bottom line: Stay clear of Microsoft equipment. Buy an HP; they have fantastic customer service! I know that’s what I’ll be doing in the future.
RI67NJENIKU1T	5.0	Fly in the sky	5	6	I can say that this device is the best ever made pc - of course not for gaming purposes - this device is the beginning of a new era of portable computers . . I just wonder why this device is not flying :) . . you just fall in love from the first time of using it . . some modifications should be applied I will talk about them later after a proper time of use to figure what exactly I need . . You know there is nothing perfect in this life . . I was dreaming with a device and Microsoft achieved my dream :) . . I will be back later with a lot of details ISA.
R1BDBRJER8FWTZ	5.0	Pretty darn good all-in-one	2	2	I couldn't choose 4.5 stars so I decided upon 5 stars, simply because I would recommend this product to anybody. Here's a breakdown of my rating: functionality: 5/5 - This laptop functions better than the laptop I replaced it with, the older Toshiba Satellite. I needed it as an upgrade for my old laptop, and also wanted it for use as a Tablet. It functions most excellently as both, and with Windows 10 it's a seamless transition from laptop to tablet mode. price: 4/5 - the price is pretty fair for what you get. If you go by the tech specs alone this would be a rip off. But you've got to consider the everything that this PC/tablet is. There's nothing else like this out there on the market. Even Apple is doesn't have anything to really compete in this class. But what didn't make this a 5/5 is that you have to purchase the keyboard separately, which without, this device is incomplete. hardware workmanship: 4/5 - I was a bit disappointed when I saw the back of the surface after opening it from the package. The back has a few manufacturing imperfections that kinda pop out, as shown in picture. I'm surprised that it passed final inspection, or any inspection down the line of the overall manufacturing process. For one, the seam line that separates the body from the kickstand is misaligned. the middle of the back plate of the laptop dips in, kind of concave, maybe a few thousandths of an inch, similar to a misalignment in the seam line of a laminate counter top. Your fingernails will catch on the lip when you run them across. Also, there's a couple small metal spatter spots on the surface finish on the back. Yet another detail that I'm surprised passed final inspection. These above mentioned details don't actually hinder the physical function of the laptop, they're only an eye sore is all. practicality: 5/5 - I love everything this laptop can do. I literally use it as a tablet and a laptop equally. When I go to church I just leave the keyboard at home and use this as my scriptures. Most excellent. I can take notes and make highlights during Sunday school. I use it to read my kindle books. I use it for school. I use Matlab on it to do my "Aeroelasticity and Flow induced Vibrations" homework. I use it to follow along the lecture slides in "Manufacturing Processes" class, and can mark and highlight in that as well. It's easy to slip in the back pack because of it's super mobile size. But it's powerful enough to run my engineering programs. One more thing. The pen is awesome and has a very nice feel to it. It's easy to write with or draw with. The only complaint I have about the pen is that the two buttons on the shaft can get stuck if you click them with a little too much side force. Over all, a very good laptop/tablet. I recommend it.
R3IDZ16Z2G9BZK	5.0	I'm in love...	2	2	I was shopping at Costco a couple of weeks ago, and I stopped by the computers to see what's new. I had just had a falling out with my Toshiba Windows laptop and wanted to know if there was anything I could replace it with. Uh yeah. Lots of stuff apparently. So of course I was drawn to the expensive thing. The Costco guy was cool ("You can get it if you want. It's a nice machine, but it's up to you." Goober - I wanted to explain to my hubby that the hard sell approach made the purchase not my fault!). So after doing the shopping I went there for, I walked out with a nifty new toy that came with a keyboard "case" (how can it be a case if it only covers the screen?) and a stomach ache because I'd have to explain the extra $1059 on the Amex bill. I have not updated to Windows 10 yet. I'm waiting for the general public to find the bugs and for Microsoft to send out the first few patches. This is the fastest computer I've ever had. Granted, I usually go cheap and you get what you pay for, but still, I was blown away. This thing goes from completely off to surfing the web in 15 seconds. I hit a link and the page loads - if there are a lot of pictures, it takes a couple of seconds, but not the wait I'm used to. Videos stream! I thought we were paying for a zippy internet connection, but I hadn't been sure before. Now I am! The Costco bundle also came with Office 365 and the keyboard case. There is also a "pen" that's kind of like a stylus and kind of more like a pen if you have the right program to use it with. I think the pen is included with the SP3 always, but the Office 365 & keyboard were part of a bundle. (FYI - the keyboard is one of the best I've used - the touch is perfect!) I was worried a little bit about only having 128 gb of storage, but since I'm a Prime member & can put all my photos on the cloud, and since I have a few terabyte drives, it turns out the 128 gb suits me fine! I also bought a 64 gb micro SDHC card - the slot is underneath the kickstand. There is only 1 USB port, so I got a 4-port hub. You can't use a regular USB powerbank to charge this on the go - I bought these: Anker Astro Pro2 20000mAh Multi-Voltage (5V 12V 16V 19V) Portable Charger External Battery Power Bank for iPad Air, Mini, iPhone 6, 5S, 5C, 5, 4S, Samsung Galaxy S5, S4, S3, Note 3, 4, HP, Dell, Acer, Asus, Toshiba Netbooks, Notebooks and many other devices (Apple adapters - 30 pin and lightning, not included) 2.1mm DC CCTV Power Cord Coupler Female to Female Xiemin® Portable Power Adapter Charger Charging Cable for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 12 Inch Tablet (Pro 3 Charging Cable) for travel. I am trying to find the perfect optical drive, but I haven't had any luck so far. I had to return one because the SP3 couldn't power it. The screen is beautiful! It is not huge, but it is sooooooo clear. The tagline in the commercials is that this is the tablet that can replace your desktop. As long as you get the keyboard case, that's true. I haven't used my desktop in a week.
R2Y5G6KZ0ZZ81M	5.0	The best thing I ever bought! Worth the money. I am very pleased	2	2	A little about me, I am a full time student, a mom, a wife and very active in school activities. My days are filled with school, notes, textbooks, reading, playing games, teaching etc. One negative thing I'd have to say about it is, the speakers are not very powerful. They do not sound bad, but they do not sound great. I have a Bluetooth speaker that I carry with me and it works great. If you do not like the keyboard, you can connect one via bluetooth or USB drive. I love that it has added memory capability. It has a USB drive, Online Storage, and SD card. Memory is endless on this! Okay, now back to how I use it.... For one, this laptop/tablet is great in keeping my daughter busy. There are times when I have to do homework and she is with me, I have downloaded many applications that teach my daughter things every day. That is one of the features that I love about Microsoft, it has many educational applications both for adult and child; for free. She sits on the laptop, I pull up my notes or course work on to my phone or desktop and there we have a nice few hours learning things. It is durable and easily manageable therefore she doesn't get any viruses on my laptop as she did on my Windows 7 devices. The screen has wonderful color, durable, and has great resolution and she’s able to use the stylus which makes her happy because she feels like a big girl. As a student I am absolutely in love with my SP3, I am a full time student who is Biology, Pre-Med, Public Health Major. My course loads are full, I usually take between 18-21 credits a semester which is about 3-5 classes with labs. I have recently found out that my school offers all textbooks in the form of e-books so my backpack weight has decreased about 70%. In Biology: Many instructors give you the option of downloading a pdf. file and directly take notes from there. Typically students print them and write on them in class. Personally, I felt it added even more weight to my backpack and I am notorious for losing papers so I bought a Samsung Note 10.1 tablet that I used for that, I'd download it, upload it to my note taking application, write on it and use it every day. Then I'd go to the library, email it to myself, upload it to my laptop, add more notes from the book and organize it as such. As you can see it got hectic after a while. Now I do everything on one device. I can directly download the pdf on to my surface, edit, manipulate it, add to it, and print it if I chose or just keep it in my folder for another day. It's amazing! For Pre-med: I have my notes, books, videos all in one device. I constantly watch videos for my tough courses and I can have a link directly added to my notes on OneNote. So when I review, instead of looking up the video, I have a link directly on the picture I needed clarification on. For all my other classes my research, paper drafts, actual homework, notes and other shenanigans are done on my surface. I don’t need additional devices or applications. One thing I have found was that there are many applications that do the job well, however, the best applications are a little pricey. I’ve bought 2 applications that totaled $12 but I use them every day so it was worth paying for it versus buying notebooks or additional text books ETC. For everyday use it's wonderful as well. It's fast, easy to use (though I did have a hard time transitioning from Windows 7 to 8.1), light weight, versatile, they have many cases and carrying bags (I am a big girly girl), it weighs nearly nothing, I sometimes put it in my purse, have my stylus with me and there is my entire weight for the day versus my 50lb backpack that I carried almost daily. To any student who struggles I highly suggest this. You will not regret it. P.S. Before I found out about the surface, I contemplated getting an Apple device, I know that they have a lot of educational applications and many schools use them, I got frustrated with my note 10.1 and having to use my laptop and desktop to get the job done. My dad is a microsoft guru and suggested I try the surface, I am glad that I did. It was expensive and saved up for a while but it was money well spent. So far I am very pleased, I heard that the surface pro 4 may be out soon but I have no desire to upgrade. It truly is a wonderful device
R1PUVQ43H1QVP4	5.0	Quality Tablet, Very Capable Laptop Replacement	2	2	I had a Surface 2 RT before this one and really enjoyed it. But since I found the limitations on what I could install a little frustrating I decided to move up to the Surface 3 Pro. I must say, I am very impressed. I have the 128GB/4GB/I-5 version and I find it's performance very good. I was a little concerned about how long the battery would last but I find that it put's itself to sleep when it needs to and I have not yet pulled it out only to find it with a dead battery. I really wasn't sure if I wanted to spend the extra money on the keyboard but I will say it was worth it. As a programmer I do find it easy to type on and using a Bluetooth mouse at the same time does make this a fairly strong laptop replacement. I will only be taking this on my next business trip. The screen seems quite clear to me, no issues there. I added in a MicroSD card to store movies and some virtual machines that I like to play with and have had no issues there. Personally, I was not a fan of Windows 8 on the desktop (as a programmer I am particular about my environment). However, I do think that it does well on the tablet. That being said, I am looking forward to Windows 10 when it comes out later this year. The stand with its expanded range of locking angles (almost indefinite number) works really well. The Stylus works well also and I like that a quick double click on the top of the pen pulls up OneNote for some quick notes. My only qualm is that there is no place to store the pen. Apparently there was a small loop of some kind that was in the box that could be used for that but I did not want to mess up the clean lines of the tablet with the case. I store it in my work bag and so far I have not lost it. Overall, I would recommend this tablet for someone looking for a little more horsepower, a nice screen and the flexibility to install what they want when they want without having to go through the store.
R4PBYTZ1DLPND	5.0	I love my Surface Pro 3	2	2	This is coming from the perspective of a medical student. I purchased the i5 256GB version. I love my Surface Pro 3. It has completely replaced my iPad. I spend between 10-14 hours a day studying and the Surface never leaves my side. I originally used the iPad + Adonit's Jot Touch. The iPad is just horrendous for stylus use. The parallax and faulty palm rejection of the software made it almost impossible to take notes effectively. It was simply not an efficient use of time. OneNote is the killer app here. The screen is just big enough for me to use a split screen setup where I can use OneNote on one side while annotating reference literature on the other side. The pen's "double-click to take screen shot" feature is useful in taking snapshots of helpful illustrations and inserting it into my notes for quick reference later. About the only thing I miss from my iPad is the third party PDF annotation app iAnnotate. The closest replacement, Drawboard PDF, lacks the polish of iAnnotate and frequently crashes or refuses to highlight specific passages - but this is hardly Microsoft's fault. The biggest draw back is the heat and slightly anemic battery life, which probably goes hand in hand. The fan does not turn on when using the app solely for the purpose of taking notes. Any real amount of processing and the fan will turn on and the Surface will get hot in the corner where (I assume) the processor is. The battery is enough to get me through 4 hours of lecture with about 40% to spare. It would not be enough to last me anywhere close to a full day worth of work. Again, I cannot really fault Microsoft for this as its really a hardware issue than a design one. I imagine this issue will be resolved in the next iteration with Broadwell or perhaps Skylake processors. I still use my Macbook Pro and will not, at least in the near term, convert fully to a Surface only user. It is a tremendously powerful product in a small package that makes my life as a student so much easier. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that I will be purchasing either the Surface Pro 4 or 5 when it is released.
R22SFKCNSNNV1	5.0	A Great Product on the Merits, But a Little Pricey	2	2	I recently purchased my Surface Pro 3 from Best Buy and because I have received multiple questions from friends and family over its quality, I thought it might be worth sharing my thoughts with others. The model I own specifically is the i5, 256 GB, 12" model. When I was debating whether to go with this or an Apple product, I went online and read a number of reviews that basically stated Microsoft has produced a high-quality product, but that it suffers from two main weaknesses: a lack of effective marketing and high price. I generally have found both of these statements to be accurate. A close friend who owns a Surface Pro 2 was the one who originally encouraged me to consider this model when I mentioned I was looking to replace my then current laptop. Since buying, I have thoroughly enjoyed it. It has the benefit of being able to serve as both a laptop and a reader. By this, I mean one is able to fully access the Internet, write on Microsoft Office applications, and listen to Itunes, all while also being capable of reading high quality PDFs and zooming in on a particular area with the motion of a thumb and forefinger. Regarding speed and memory, both obviously can vary based on how much you are willing to pay, but with services like Dropbox, memory is less of an issue than it might once have been. As for speed, I am still able to watch Netflix with no apparent decline in my overall viewing experience. Because I work as a lawyer, I often rely on being able to quickly take notes (for which Notepad is extremely useful, by the way), record meetings, and have video conferences; for each of these, I have used the Surface Pro 3 without incident. It is important, however, to note a few demerits (or at least things one should anticipate). While one could technically type using solely the tablet, for prolonged usage the detachable keyboard is a must. This will be an additional expense of approximately one hundred dollars. To its credit, however, the keyboard and tablet are magnetized and I rarely have issues with them staying firmly connected. Additionally, one of the main benefits of the Surface Pro 3 is that you can fully utilize every Office application (Word, Powerpoint, Notepad, Excel, etc.), but you must pay for them. While this may not come as a surprise to the more tech savvy readers, I include it as a warning to those less familiar with this model or computers in general. Finally, there is the cost. For the tablet alone, you will pay over twelve hundred dollars. After I included the other features mentioned, I was looking at a bill of over fifteen hundred. While I was fortunate enough to be able afford the cost and believe this computer will last me a long time, for someone looking for a cheap, durable model that only needs to perform basic functions, they might do well to look at different brands. Despite these minor criticisms, I still highly recommend the Surface Pro 3. As a final testament to its quality, when I showed it to my friend with the Surface Pro 2, he began to make plans to buy one himself.
R3PVIZ7XM7PIUU	5.0	I love the 17" screen and full size keyboard and number ...	5	6	I've had the traditional laptop for years. I love the 17" screen and full size keyboard and number pad and was skeptical about using something smaller. I believe that it all hinges on the pen and the touch screen, without those capabilities I would not have even tried the Surface out. Once I did I enjoyed it. Compared to schlepping around a 10 pound beast, this is a feather and I can have a smaller bag that is more versatile. It runs Windows flawlessly. I can't wait to install "10".
R2OPIV6MPQHXDG	5.0	Best Tablet ever!!	5	6	The best tablet, period. This is an excellent productivity tool. I got rid of my iPad and my laptop and now just take my surface everywhere. PROS: excellent battery life, screen is just right for reading, can be docked in the docking station and support 2 screens, pen and onenote work great, runs everything faster than my desktop, runs Protools, new kickstand is exceptional, portable CONS: Still just a bit heavy for reading and holding, I have the i7 and the fan comes on alot.
R3GBGH4CMMCIFZ	5.0	My favorite tablet.. I mean laptop.. I mean ultrabook.. I mean... all of those.	2	2	I just can't speak highly enough of this tablet. If you're one of those people who bounce around between windows tablets, android tablets, and even chrome books, always looking for that perfect combination or portability, speed, and functionality, then look no further. This baby replaced my standard use laptop, my chrome book, and my tablets, all of which provided different functionality that I wanted; this tablet is a true all in one. The screen size is perfect for web browsing and watching movies, the pen is incredible for taking notes at work (I use One Note religiously now that I can take hand written or typed notes all on one device), the 128GB version, for me, is the perfect amount of storage and handles all the programs I need (Photoshop, Hearthstone, Light Room, Skype, Kindle, and even Norton 360), it starts in a flash, and has never experienced lag of any kind. Its very portable as its waaaay thinner than a laptop obviously, and easy to carry around in hand. The battery life will get me through an entire work day without a problem which is a huge selling point for me, and it also has a full sized USB port which most tablets do not provide. One thing I will say, is after shopping for this thing used for weeks, always finding listings with 'scuffs on the back' I thought that people just didn't take care of their machine; that couldn't be further from the case, as the silver on the back scuffs very easily. I keep mine in my backpack at all times and somehow, the silver paint on the back has a propensity to scuff without me realizing it. But aside from that, there isn't a single bad thing I can think to say about this tablet. Was worth the ridiculous price tag.
R3H7ROINVUPA24	5.0	highly recommended.	2	2	The surface is totally excellent. I use it for work and it replaced a Lenovo x240. We have made this the default Windows PC for new hires to our company. Here are some of the things I love: 1) It is a tablet that runs real Windows applications (business). 2) I had been a Windows 7 user, reluctant to take on anything new, but once I got the gist of Windows 8.1, I like that a lot too. There are differences but for the most part they make sense. And Windows 8.1 boots in a flash. Yay! 3) With 512GB I have lots of room for my work and also multimedia. Since it is an SSD it is very fast. 4) The pen works great for taking notes. 5) It's a reasonably good tablet and can run the apps I like, e.g., it can run Kindle or Nook so I can read books. 6) Display resolution good for watching movies. 7) It's way lighter than my old Lenovo. (for my old Lenovo, I converted it into a VirtualBox VM and now just run that as a VM on my surface when I want my old applications. Are there any quirks? A few. I wish the USB port put out more power. I wish it fit better on the tray table on Amtrak trains. The dock that is offered for the Surface is not good, but what I have realized is that if I don't use a dock, but instead keep the surface flat on the desk next to my keyboard, I can seamlessly take notes simultaneously with having things on the monitor. So rather than a dock I am getting a vanilla USB hub, an extra Surface Pro power supply, and a USB to Ethernet adapter to keep at my desk. Taking notes while using a monitor is something I couldn't do with the Lenovo laptop. Go Microsoft and thank you Microsoft for putting out this excellent product. Well done.
R10BCZVFHW9QGY	5.0	Oh my aching back and shoulder - Not anymore!!	3	3	Love this as I am using this as a travel lap top - my work has me traveling quite a bit and the lap top provided is heavy and cumbersome. This is so much easier1 I've not had any problems with using this - although getting used to windows 8.1 can be a little frustrating at times....
R1R60IOTQYSU25	5.0	It is truly what it claims to be	2	2	I am not in the least a Windows 8 fan. But on here it just seems like the best idea ever. The surface is pure genius. With the ability to detach from its accessories and just be a tablet, the Windows RT apps make just as much sense as an iOS or Android app. With Windows 8.1, the desktop is fully functional. If I have one complaint, it's the windows 8 desktop's issue with high DPI monitors, because this monitor is nothing but high-DPI. but even that just takes some getting used to. I have had mine since late August and I barely notice that issue anymore. It's expensive, but ye mac users spend the exact same amount on the exact same level of hardware for a device that has much lower functionality and flexibility. Graphics design? you don't need a Wacom pad to draw like you're using a pen. just use the Surface pen directly on the device. Gaming? It's windows. You have access to every game at that hardware level, touch or not. Work? All the RT versions of MS Office are free, and the desktop versions are still halfway touch friendly. The Pro 3 is finally big enough to replace a laptop, and light enough to replace a tablet. P.S- a lot of people seem to complain that after a certain update, their device stops working properly. Just remember that whenever a new piece of equipment like this hits the market, quality control isn't as good because nobody knows what to look for. because of this, I would recommend you don't buy the Surface here on Amazon, unless you're getting a really great discount. If you buy directly from Microsoft, you can return it under warranty and get a free replacement, and you'll know if you have the problem within a few days.
R25CZJKKITN6FU	4.0	I've now had my Surface Pro 3 for about a week and here are my tips for others like me that will have a bit of a learning ...	2	2	I was a little apprehensive after I made this purchase to replace my laptop. I've now had my Surface Pro 3 for about a week and here are my tips for others like me that will have a bit of a learning curve. It took me some time to figure out how to find things like "my computer" and how to navigate between screens like my desktop and internet explorer, but I've gotten that figured out, mostly. But, I also figured out I would have a difficult time working on Office documents with the tiny keyboard. I'm currently writing my dissertation, and this would be a nightmare on this keyboard. So, I purchased a full size wireless keyboard and mouse combo from Logitech. Works perfectly! Now, I can use this new tablet as a laptop replacement without losing productivity. I also purchased a new Seagate external 3 TB hard drive and am using that as my hard drive to save space on the computer. I also purchased a Targus 3.0 USB hub to give me more USB options and I also purchased an LG slim portable DVD writer since there is no CD/DVD drive included, and it works great! I also purchased a 64 GB micro SD card for additional storage. So, it is a big investment to add all the bells and whistles, but makes this tablet much easier to actually replace a laptop! I'm not yet impressed with the Onedrive, hence my desire for an external hard drive and an online backup service to ensure no loss of important documents. I am using MY PC Backup, which I have been using for a while, but there are other services out there also. I'm happy with My PC Backup and the price is low for backing up data.
R19PMYINKVLIFY	4.0	Perfect device except for the constant screen flickering!	2	2	I purchased this as my travel companion for doing school work when I am away from home. This surface does not disappoint as it (so far) has done everything I can do on my top of the line Toshiba laptop. The screen size is large enough that I don't have any trouble squinting and it is fast enough to run the programs I need (Word, PowerPoint, Acrobat, PhotoShop). I do not use any heavy programs nor do I have more than three windows open at a time but I do not notice any lag time. With all this said, I do have a negative. My screen flickers and goes black ALL THE TIME. I have researched the problem with Microsoft, adjusted the resolution, brightness, refreshed, all with nothing helping. This started right out of the box and has only gotten worse. I use it daily and today is the worst it has ever been. It flickers to the point of giving me a headache. I am going to contact the seller about it because it just doesn't seem right that it should do it this bad. All in all, this is a perfect device for those who want a highly portable, windows based computer. I do not regret purchasing it but would like the flickering to stop. UPDATE 6/19/2015: Some sort of hidden updates must have taken care of the flickering. From the time I wrote the initial review, went home and called Microsoft, to now, the screen has mysteriously stopped the incessant flickering. I am wary of what happened and hope it isn't short lived, but extremely happy. I now have the portable tablet of my dreams!
RHUQ1OVOS2RDA	5.0	I LOVE MY SURFACE PRO 3	3	3	I LOVE MY SURFACE PRO 3! i like it a lot more than my wifes macbook air 11 inch, this thing can do pretty much everything except higher power games and programs, it can run them, but it gets hot! but this computer is awesome I hope mine lasts forever
R1FE5WNPW0OASD	4.0	perfect for medical school. BUT has some annoyances .	2	2	I ordered this tablet about three maybe 4 months ago. Now this is AMAZING for college. Especially medical school. Nice and portable and powerful enough to do all the work and light gaming i need and it lasts all day and doesnt go below 50 percent. The surface pen is a godsend . i save all my work to onenote which does a good job organizing notes and can search up my terrible handwriting ( im a future doctor. This is expected). Windows 10 made this a near perfect device and i fully recomend it. However , there are some cons to using this device but most are minor annoyances. 1) the charger feels substandard and very fragile . i literally leave it in one spot in my room and i still feel fearful that it will break. 2) im not sure if its just mine or if its a common problem but after being on standby in between classes it becomes unstable but rebooting fixes it and it. 3) restarting the device is sometimes a pain because you have to keep long pressing the button over and over until by some miracle it decides to work . 4) the surface pen although a complete godsend and makes the tablet very worthwhile has no way of permanently attaching itself to the tablet. If you misplace it there is no way to find it back. I already lost mine in school because it fell down and i cant find it back. All in all its a very near perfect device and when the surface. Pro 4 launches and these go on sale it will be perfect for budget students
R1UNEU74DLY7KA	4.0	Best tablet I have owned	3	3	Best tablet I have owned. This is now my fifth tablet, from apple, to droids, to Win8. By far, this is the best for business and home. Will never go back to others. Seller was prompt, item in great condition. No issues. Would buy again.
R3NBMP1FETSWTD	4.0	Great for the professional on the go	3	3	A little learning curve getting used to operating system and transition from laptop. But an awesome product especially if you use it on the go. Battery lasts all day. I recommend you get a good protective case and keyboard for it.
R2QSLE7DLYKK4S	5.0	I would highly recommend this product for personal use as well	3	3	I got the Surface Pro 3 for online school and it works perfectly. I would highly recommend this product for personal use as well. I did go by the keyboard as well I would recommend doing that if you're using this as a laptop.
RX5RB5T6POCXN	5.0	Great perfect, buy the keyboard/type cover.	2	2	Bought it directly for Microsoft for the student discount, but this is one of the best purchases I ever made. My wife who draws and does graphics, photos not video, can't get enough of it. The precision of the pen is so good she doesn't use her bamboo anymore, with that said be sure to get ask the updates before you complain about it. When we first received this we thought the pen was terrible and even almost returned it. Street finally getting all the updates, I think I may have also downloaded something from ntrigger site, it worked amazing. When I need to replace my laptop this is what I'll be getting for me, since my wife doesn't ever want to let go of this thing. I have a powerful desktop I built and if I need to do anything more than what an average laptop would do I use that. If you think this week be a powerful device you're mistaken, it's pretty much what you'd expect from any average laptop Ivan CPU & GPU specs. Those who have complained about not being able to do things like play BF4 or render video seem to have thought since it was expensive it'd be powerful. Please take your time to read the specs, if ask you need is the power of a laptop but want it in the best format ever with Aden amazing touch pen this is for you. By the way digitally signing documents on this thing works perfect.
R1T1C2AAWZ3HNN	5.0	Can't go wrong	2	2	First one came with a hardware defect, but upon receiving the new one, I have to say, it handles itself so well. I'm a semi-pro photographer, so I bought this with the intention of multitasking different Adobe programs like Bridge and Photoshop at the same time. This device was able to handle that and some. I was able to switch between editing half a dozen images in photoshop, to playing a game, to Facebook simultaneously without a single problem. I bought the optional typecover keyboard and docking station, and I highly recommend purchasing at least the type cover if you plan to do any real work on this at all. The on-screen keyboard leaves a bit to be desired, but with the type cover, you really get a lot out of this device. It really does bring all the best features of both laptops and tablets (horsepower and mobility). My best purchase of the year. Pros: Great performance Incredibly logical design Battery life - got about 4 hours of heavy use with photoshop, and still had a bit left to play games with Weight - By itself, weighs less than 2 pounds! Cons: On screen keyboard isn't great can get a little hot, but not as bad as some cheaper tablets. The perimeter heat distribution helps negate that a bit Overall this is just an amazing machine.
R5UTKGDUXU8SH	5.0	awesome	3	3	really really awesome, best purchase I've made in a while. I got the corei7 256gb. I use it on my lap with absolutely no problem or worry (I was wondering about that before purchase), with and without keyboard attached.
R35IY3H3J5C0C0	4.0	What's not to love? This thing is light weight	2	2	What's not to love? This thing is light weight, boots almost instantaneously, allows me to be highly productive as though I were at my main PC at home and yet I can use it as a touch screen tablet for reading and browsing before I go to bed. The magnetic keyboard makes attaching it easy, even in the dark. Since the keyboard is backlit my late night emails are easy to do. The pen provided is a great way to interface with Win8. The one tap button at the "eraser end" to open OneNote is nice but I'd like to be able to open another app of my choosing. I'm using it for journaling as an experiment, the handwriting recognition is +/- 95%, if I slow my writing down a little it's closer to 100%. The kickstand is ingenious and provides a huge range of angles to use the device at. This feature alone makes the Surface Pro 3 a keeper for me. The touchpad mouse is the one area that could be improved. It's not as accurate as I would expect and has kept me from giving the Surface Pro 3 a full five stars. I was looking for a device that was smaller and lighter than my laptop but more powerful than my tablet (1st gen Galaxy Tab 10.1). Because I did a lot of research I was confident that this would fulfill my requirements and it has.
R1OCG7HOI62Q00	5.0	10 months of daily use and the Surface Pro 3 (with Keyboard) is still the most amazing Computer / Tablet Ever!	2	2	After 10 months of daily use the Surface Pro 3 (with Keyboard Cover) is still Awesome. I'm blown away at it's capabilities and portability. I haven't upgraded to Windows 10 as I'm waiting for the inevitable bugs to be worked out. I love the ability to use it as a regular computer and as a touchscreen tablet. It really is like two different devices wrapped up in a lightweight (only 1.76 lbs with keyboard) package. I bought a TROND D1 Aluminum USB 3.0 Hub (4 Port Compact, Bus-Powered, 6" USB Cable Integrated, Silver) for $11.99 from Amazon to address the issue of having only 1 USB port. I also bought the ECBC Poseidon Messenger Bag for 13-Inch Laptop for $32.99 from Amazon to haul and protect my SP3. The inside and shoulder strap are really padded, has room for cords, zip and velcro pouches and slide through pouch that slides over the handle of rolling luggage. I purchased the Microsoft - Surface Pro 3 Type Cover for $119.99 from Amazon and although it doesn't look like much it is amazing to type on. It's also back-lit which is a huge plus. The powerful magnets make it really easy to attach and remove. The adjustable kickstand on the tablet (screen portion) makes it easy to position and I have no problem using it on my lap while sitting on the couch.
R3O35ZEKSR2CJ1	5.0	Nothing else really comes close	2	2	I would have added stars if I could. The SP3 is exactly what Microsoft claims it to be, a tablet that can replace your laptop or desktop. I upgraded from the original Surface Pro to the SP3 and I just have to say wow. The SP3 can play games (the i7's have an upgraded intel video card), plus with 8GB of memory they can take on most difficult tasks. The flexibility of Windows 8.1 allowed me to do things I never thought of on other PCs. During a recent period where I was taking multiple college courses I was able to run in a split screen mode with a paper I was writing on one side, and my reference document on the other. The pen & one note are also an amazing feature. Notes can easily be taken, notes can be added to PDFs, you just have more flexibility than with any other machine out there. All of those factors plus the size and the weight of the SP3 are just perfect. At under 2lbs you barely notice you're carrying it, and the legal pad like dimensions make it natural to hold in both landscape and portrait orientations. I love this tablet and have not moved my high end laptop into a drawer where it collects dust.
R1QMT0MDX7XAY8	4.0	Great overall - Just depends what you're looking for	2	2	The keyboard is great. It's not quite what a standard keyboard would be, but I really have no trouble typing on it. It also functions well as a tablet without the keyboard (even using programs from the desktop seem to work fine for the most part). People complain about using this on their laps. Obviously it isn't as good on your lap as a standard laptop would be, but I don't have any trouble using this on my lap. The magnetic strip on the keyboard provides enough stability that I can even cross my leg and balance it on my one leg. To me, it's a trade off that's worth it to be able to pull off the keyboard whenever I want and use it as a tablet. My biggest complaint about this thing is the heat. I am using a browser with one tab open and a single Microsoft word document and the fan is going crazy. I could cook an egg on the back of this thing. I could understand the fan being on and loud if I were playing a game or something, but while I am browsing the internet or watching a Youtube video? Come on. The fan is constantly going on this thing. The good news is that unlike a traditional laptop, even when this thing gets hot, at least it's not directly on my lap.
R2MIHA3YRRLNHD	5.0	Lowest price for New!	3	3	Delivery was early and a great surprise. A shockingly low price and brand new. Absolute flawless purchase. This Surface has kick~ass sound for headphones. The screen is detailed and pictures pop.
R9R0I691PSA4N	4.0	... about two weeks now and the experience is getting better day by day	2	2	I have had my Surface Pro 3 for about two weeks now and the experience is getting better day by day. I love the fact that it is a full version os that allows me to install full versions of software. I also have a Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 edition and this better in almost every way. My note is linked to my Verizon account and gives me a connection anywhere. If Microsoft was to include this feature then it would be just shy of perfect. For me the only complaint is the pen. I think they should have either found a way to fit the pen internally or at least have a strong magnet for the pen to attach to the device. The ability to connect devices (thumb drives, portable hard drives, mice, or even a hub in my opinion is what sets the surface in a class all of its own. I have office, Adobe creative cloud, Dropbox, Evernote, Microsoft Expression, and many more programs and the 256gb ssd is still 80% free. I switched to the surface from a Apple Macbook Pro 13" and I am completely happy with my choice. I have all the systems, Windows, Linux, Apple and Android, so the os doesn't really affect me like others.
RKJ3EV939MMUB	5.0	microsoft finally gets it right	2	2	for some reason, I dont expect microsoft to produce outstanding products--- they are often playing catch-up to other products in a new field, but I was impressed by the reviews and specs - so I bought one (despite the price) - seemed like a useful hybrid of portable laptop, tablet, and desktop replacement. It's great--- the form factor is good for work (better than a 16:9 screen), but also works for play (including movies and ebooks with 2 pages in landscape mode using calibre)-- the screen is very high definition. It's about as large as feasible to use as a tablet. The hardware features are very useful --- including the adjustable stand, pen, and keyboard (extra). I leave a 128GIG micro SD permanently plugged in for extra space for media (and also some programs). I couldnt get used to the action of the mousepad--- so I bought a bluetooth mouse (also microsoft!- sculpt) - it works seamlessly. an amazing all-around computer--- windows 8.1 works fine - providing several ways to accomplish any task--- the windows store is quite limited--- but access to regular windows programs makes that a negligible limitation.
R2X36X64CZ4GC2	5.0	Microsoft Hit a Homer!	2	2	The Surface Pro 3 is quite simply the greatest device ever made by Microsoft. Let that sink in. Being that I'm a student, I ended up buying the Surface 2 last year. It was a decent tablet, but it had major flaws. I didn't end up using it nearly as much as I originally thought I would have. This put me in the market for a new 2-in-1 or just a plain laptop. Enter the Surface Pro 3. I was apprehensive to spend this much money on a tablet, but I'm glad that I did. Sure the price is high, but it's an extremely premium device. This thing is a crazy hybrid that allows it to function like a laptop, tablet, or superb digital note-taker. In my time messing with digital writing devices, this is far and away the best. The writing is very accurate, and the pen is the best I've used. Thanks to tablets coming into the world, students no longer need to carry huge textbooks. I get all my required books on Kindle these days, and they look better than ever on this Surface. The price is high, and it's scary. But it's worth it. Microsoft knocked this one out of the park. Eat your heart out Apple.
RG2VZEQRSNS8B	5.0	I love it and it's power is astonishing	5	6	Very high quality computer. As a previous Mac owner and former BestBuy employee, I can say this computer is a BEAST. I love it and it's power is astonishing. It has definitely replaced my laptop and is better than any other laptop/tablet combo I've seen to date. Highly pleased with it and the seller!
R3V6VQ9FPEFCPO	5.0	Very happy I made this purchase. Completely replaced my desktop computer.	2	2	I debated for months whether to just replace my HP desktop computer or buy a laptop or buy a surface pro 3. I finally went with the surface pro 3 with keyboard and docking station. I've been using it for about a month now and can honestly say it is an amazing piece of technology. It has easily replace my desktop computer. I have the docking station hooked to a 27 inch Samsung monitor which turns it into dual screens each independent of the other. I also bought a logitech wireless mouse and keyboard which has been awesome. I love how I can turn it from a powerful pc running 64bit windows 10 pro to a tablet. There is no other product like this. A lot of what I do is internet cloud based stuff. But I also run adobe photoshop, quicken and other hard drive based software on it as well. The solid state drive is really nice. From a cold start to using the computer takes about 15 seconds. I really like windows 10 pro. Light years better than 8 or 8.1. Bottom line is this pc/tablet has completely replaced my desktop computer and given me tons more flexibility in the process. I could not be happier.
RFPPOYAHBVURS	5.0	Surface Pro 3	2	2	There are two ways to look at the Surface Pro 3 . You can either compare it to the other “consumer” style tablets out there which are generally considered smartphone-type devices with larger screens, or you can compare it to professional “ultrabooks” out there which are basically full-powered laptop computers compressed to fit in thinner form-factors. In some ways it’s better than both of those device types put together, but in other ways it’s not as good as either. Of course, your take-away is going to depend on which aspects of a mobile computing device are most important to you. Some would say that this is a new class of tablet because it has such high-end computing internals, but in reality, this is how tablets have been since their introduction in 2002. Of course, back then the hardware couldn’t really keep up and the Windows XP Tablet PC Edition operating system really wasn’t as well-designed for portable tablet computing. Windows 8.1 has completely changed that and the Surface Pro 3 is the first real poster-child for professional-quality Windows-based tablets.
R1S0K3FSYNYYAK	5.0	Surface Pro 3....One of a Kind!....Great Battery Life!	2	2	At first I became frustrated with my surface Pro 3 mostly because I was not used to Windows 8. Certainty it is much different than windows 7 (which im used to) but after using my SP3 for a couple of weeks I give Microsoft ALOT of credit for being the first to create such hybrid software in which allows users to have tablet capabilities with the versatility of a PC. Now to talk about the Surface Pro 3 outside of the spectacular operating system... What I Like 1. Very Light 2. Strong Detachable keyboard 3. Durable Kickstand 4. Battery Life (I do not understand the complaints about this, I'm a college student with all my books on the device and I never reached below 30% after a full day at college (8am-7pm) with the screen and internet on with brightness at halfway up. I working on the Surface nearly 75% of a typical school day! 5. Additional magnet on keyboard for propping 6. Expensive feel/durability What I do not like 1. A tad expensive but it becomes worth it fast! Keep up the good work Microsoft!
R1TUUV1K9EOPSV	5.0	Love this tablet/computer	2	2	Love this tablet/computer. I bought it because it was light weight and that it is. It's also fast. I bought this to use when I'm out, but have found I haven't turned on my regular computer in weeks. I even stand it up in the kitchen and use it as a cookbook. I've called Microsoft about some questions I've had and they were very helpful. I've been frustrated when I couldn't understand something on a computer or smart phone and either I got someone who couldn't help or some complicated answer on various webpages. Thank you Microsoft. One of the nicest features is being able to click on the pen and having the notebook open. I can just quickly write down something instead of looking for a pad and pen. AND now I am sad to say I dropped it and broke the screen AND didn't take out insurance. Anyway, I called Microsoft and they're replacing it for a reasonable price considering the whole computer has to be replaced. It took about a week. Never had a computer or cell break before, so I didn't think it was really necessary. If you get a Surface, consider getting insurance.
RQJNS96GJTDAW	5.0	The best piece of technology I've ever owned, or even seen.	4	5	Conclusion: X-Factor, X-Factor, X-Factor Bet you never thought you'd live to see the day where a Windows product just oozes X-Factor. Using the SP3 is more future than future-promise. Microsoft delivers on a lot of the futuristic elements of the SP3 that weren't present in previous versions. There are still some refinements to be made, but there are no products currently in the marketplace that even come close to reaching the level of refinement already present here. There is simply no other product that can accomplish all of the things that the SP3 can accomplish without compromising on some important elements. Owned Since August 2014 Buy: If you are a savvy traveler and want to get work done, if you're looking for an ultraportable laptop with an i5 and 4 gigs of RAM, if you want to get serious work done while traveling, if you want to truly love the piece of technology you're using, if you want to digitally sign documents Don't Buy: If you can hold out for (likely) 8-10 months for the next version, if you are expecting to mostly use it at home as a laptop, if you need something that will work as seamlessly as a mobile OS, if you need to do serious mobile gaming Pro: - Screen - This screen is magnificent and is widely regarded as one of the best screens ever made. - First class performance - The core i5 and 4 gigs of RAM more than competently handle every normal task. - Battery Life - 6-8ish hours with moderate use, more if all you're doing is watching locally stored video on a plane. - Type Cover - One of the main accessories that make this such an amazing travel companion. - Kickstand - The any-angle kickstand makes this the ideal travel companion for planes. Nobody likes sitting in one position forever, and because the kickstand is adjustable you can put it at a variety of angles that suit the position your neck wants to be in at the time. I like putting it on my lap with the kickstand all the way open and it puts video at exactly the right angle to look down at. Then if you get tired of that, put it up on the tray. It's the little things. - Weight - It's so lightweight that when walking around with it in my laptop backpack I occasionally panic at the thought that I may have left it somewhere. It's so compact that it fits nicely in a small personal item on a plane. - X-Factor - Especially after I owned it for a while, just holding it makes me feel like I stole something Marty McFly brought back from the future. - Charger (with USB) - The charger is magnetic, which relieves a little stress from the possibility of tripping over the cord. It also has a USB port in it, so it doubles as a USB charger for another item like a phone without occupying your USB port on the SP3. - Pen - It was really just a cool toy until I actually signed a lease online with my actual digital signature with DocuSign - Not altogether more expensive than the competition - At least when I bought mine in August 2014, you could not find a light weight Ultrabook with pen support, an i5, at least full HD display, and excellent battery life for appreciably less than this cost. - MicroSD card slot - You can expand up to 128GB using a microSD card, freeing up your internal storage for installed files. I use a 64GB card (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00M55C1I2/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_25) and it functions quickly and without issue. - Free upgrade to Windows 10 - Microsoft recently announced that all Win 7 and Win 8 devices will be eligible for a free upgrade to Windows 10, which should unlock additional potential of this machine. - Gaming/Support for USB XBox controller - This "tablet" runs Steam fairly well. Combined with an XBox controller (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004QRKWLA/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_24), you can enjoy some Portal 2, Civ V, or whatever other games at low-to-medium settings while on the road. - Makes my iPad mini look like a children's toy Con: - Intel graphics driver - It does DirectX 10 and 11, but it's still unable to scale games set to lower resolutions to use the full screen. It can, however, scale DirectX 9 games. The lower resolutions are key because the resolution on this screen is so high, it really taxes the system resources to run games at native resolution. - Lack of app support limits functionality from what it could be - One good example is that Spotify does not have a native Windows 8 app. You can still use the desktop Windows 7 app, but it is poor for touch use, and the sound goes off when the screen goes to sleep because the app is not built for use with Windows 8. There are other services (Rdio, Xbox Music) that have Windows 8 apps, but the services you already use might not be optimal. - Track pad can be difficult to use precisely - In part due to the high resolution of the screen, it can be difficult to target small UI elements using the track pad. I recommend you get a Bluetooth mouse. I have this one (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BZC31WQ/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_13) and it is excellent and affordable. - Scaling/Touch - Again, not all Windows 7 apps have been optimized for high resolution displays, so some of them have to be scaled to show at usable resolutions on the desktop (again, Spotify!!!!! (they need to get on this), VLC Media Player, etc.). The scaling conflicts with the ability to use touch on these applications, so there is some adjustment to be made in these cases. - Too expensive to use in the same way as an ARM tablet - I would love to watch video in bed with this puppy, but I'm always concerned I'm going to fall asleep and knock it on the floor. This has now become the task of my iPad mini, which compared to the SP3 is just a toy. Additional Comments: I'm a multi-platform user. I have an Android phone, an iPad mini, a Surface Pro 3, and a Windows 7 desktop. As a comment on the idea that this can replace both your laptop and your tablet - Most of my app gap is made up by my Android phone. If I'm to do really serious work or gaming, my upgradable desktop will handle it. The *only reason* I still hold onto my iPad mini is for environments that would be unsafe for my Surface (watching video in bed or on the edge of the tub, using at the beach?, nephew, etc.). So if you're already using a phone that has no app gap, and you are not concerned about high risk scenarios with your Surface, then YES, it can replace both. I might say it can replace your high-end tablet - still get a cheap one for watching video in bed, or for the kiddos, though.
R3LF28HYV3P4MM	2.0	Almost amazing, bad customer service	4	5	I love my Surface Pro 3. I was looking for a new tablet but needed to replace my laptop as well, and the Surface Pro 3 does both of those things. Microsoft hasn't quite worked out all the kinks yet, though. There are lots of annoying issues that pop up because the device doesn't really know whether it's a laptop or a tablet. For example, every time you enter a text box a virtual keyboard pops onto the screen, even when you have the type cover attached. And there are lots of times when things just lock up making it impossible to select items, etc. and you have to either restart the program or reboot entirely. No big deal, just a pain that I didn't have with either my laptop or my iPad. Also, the device runs "programs" in laptop mode, and "apps" in tablet mode. It's understandable that you would interact with programs differently in tablet mode vs. laptop mode, but the tablet apps are much more limited in what they can do, and then you have to switch into desktop mode to get to real programs. I expected the computer to be more like a regular laptop, but really light and thin with a touchscreen. But it's actually a laptop that's connected to a tablet -- two distinct devices that come in the same tiny package. It's still an awesome computer, but the company hasn't worked out how to make it run smoothly yet. The reason I'm giving it only 2 stars is because of the problems I've had with customer service. After using the device for about a month my Surface Pen stopped working. (The cool OneNote app doesn't really work without the pen. Although you can use the OneNote *program* in desktop mode. But I wanted to use the Surface like a notepad to do handwritten notes.) I replaced the AAA battery and it still didn't work. I went through the online troubleshooting, and tried re-pairing the pen with my device, and it still didn't work. So I called customer service. I got no answer but was able to request a call-back. I got three call-backs, but each time I answered there was no sound. There's also an online customer service chat option, which did work (although I did have to wait in line a while). The tech suggested replacing the 3 tiny cell batteries that are also in the pen (which the troubleshooting guide had told me NOT to do). So I shopped around at a few stores and couldn't find the batteries and finally ordered them online. When I replaced them the pen still didn't work. Then I waited in line for the chat service again, got a tech, and eventually she decided the pen just didn't work and said they would send me a new pen, free of charge. Yay, problem solved! The new pen would arrive in 6-8 days. Two weeks later, having not received the pen, I sat in line for the chat service again. The tech looked up my case and confirmed that they were indeed *planning* to send me a new pen, but there had been a delay due to low inventory (which they hadn't bothered to tell me about). But I should be receiving my new pen "soon". I asked for a tracking number but she couldn't give it to me (suggesting that they still had no pen to send me). It has been another 2 weeks and I'm on the verge of buying myself a new $50 pen because I don't believe the company is ever going to send a pen or even let me know when they think they might have a pen to send me. If they simply had some sort of email update system that would let me know if and when there is a pen available I would be more willing to wait. I really don't feel like sitting at my computer for an hour or so waiting for the chat service to pick up again.
R2TEV4UYIDV2HN	5.0	Very good windows tablet and laptop computer	4	5	I started down this path looking for a "cheap" windows tablet that would be my coffee table computer. I first purchased a very low cost ASUS Transformer Book, thinking wow a tablet windows PC for under $300. Well I had to return not one, but two of those low cost puppies because of build quality problems (power on one and touch pad on second). So then I decided to look at a higher end windows device, since I don't use iProducts and needed a decent tablet/laptop. I soon discovered the Surface Pro 3 and convinced myself that perhaps you do get what you pay for...but I was skeptical about a Microsoft hardware design. After playing with this PC for over two weeks now, I can give it a big thumbs up. Everything about it has exceeded my expectations. It's lightning fast and I'm running some very CPU intensive software (Photoshop, Capture NX2, MediaPro). My need isn't just to web surf or read a book...I need a real computer that can crunch on the bits using real software. Plus the touch screen is incredible...so good that I'm now noticing web pages that have low res graphics that I never noticed before. If you are looking for a windows device that can be both a tablet and a laptop, look no further the Surface Pro 3 is it. It's light, it's fast, it's the perfect size for a coffee table PC that can be either a tablet or a laptop and the battery life is better than any laptop I have owned. If you only need to web browse or check in on social media, this computer is more than you need. And regarding my reluctance to consider a Microsoft hardware design, wow way to go MS! They hit a home run with this device. My only beef about it is that the Pro 3 Type Cover/keyboard is a separate item that has to be purchased separately (a must have for this device). If I was a product mgr at Microsoft I would reconsider that decision...at least initially. They may not make as much profit by throwing in the Cover/Keyboard with the Surface Pro 3, but they just might lure those reluctant iProduct folks back into the PC fold with this new product offer. This is a great PC that has found a new home on my coffee table and has the horse power to get the work done! Plus it looks good to boot. I highly recommend it.
R1AW6SAQRCAEXX	5.0	Extremely satisfied	4	5	Since the Surface was first anounced I've been drawn to its unique design philosophy and it's reference device handling of Windows 8. There was always something holding me back from making a purchase and just going with a cheap Android tablet, most notably the battery woes of the Surface and Surface 2. When reviews came in that the Surface 3 had a much better battery life along with several other improvements I took the dive and I couldn't be happier. This is easily my favorite mobile computing solution I've owned and used. The design is great, far more portable than a normal laptop, and with the new keyboard which clips up to form a more wedge shape typing on it is a great experience (note I'm more comfortable with flat, laptop like keys. Those who prefer more traditional computer keyboards may find the keyboard a bit tricky.) This is also my first touchscreen device to use Windows 8 and I'm a bit stumped to why I wasn't using it before. Web browsing through Windows 8's touch gestures, once you learn them, is an incredibly fluid experience The only issue I had was thw Wifi problems which seemed to be a recurring theme for the Surface but a recent update seems to have solved the problem for me so at this point I'm super satisfied. People ask if I really needed the i7 and I would say that I had my reasons to buy it (specific software needs) and I didn't buy it simply because it was the best spec'd. For the vast majority of users for the Surface I think the i5 and even the i3 would be sufficient. For those asking about gaming it CAN play some games but keep it to the more casual stuff. Some more modern games scale really well with it compared to others so it's more of a try and see thing. I would not buy this as a gaming rig though, but it really wasn't built for that in the first place.
R2IYCZ5FRU7BF9	5.0	A Much Better Mousetrap......The Tablet.....The Way a Tablet should be!!!!!!	4	5	I absolutely Love the Surface Pro3, going from an Ipad to the Surface Pro has made me realize just what an "internet toy" the Ipad really is. The Ipad served it's purpose, but time to move on to bigger and better. The Surface Pro3 serves both purposes and fits perfectly into both worlds....a tablet and a full blown PC!!! I use it mostly for business applications and it serves me very well, both as a local device and as a remote desktop. I haven't found any issues with apps yet but i don't use many either, Pandora, eBay, Facebook, etc, i just set up bookmarks and use them that way. Pros: 1. A tablet and/or a PC. 2. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc., everything installs just like your desktop. 3. The size is PERFECT!!!! I love the 12 inch device, not too big, not too little. It is a little big (that I love) and a tad heavy in the beginning, but once i put it in a protective cover the weight issue disappeared......i wasn't so thin anymore and it was easier to hold. I bought two protective covers, one to hold the keyboard and surface for travel, the ESR Microsoft Surface Pro 3 tablet folio case, and the BUCKLER Series to use at home as a tablet. 4. At first the stylus was Alien and uncomfortable, NOW.....I love the stylus and it adds a "mouse" type of device to the tablet, I still use a mouse when i travel for business.....but in the tablet "mode"....the stylus rocks and it greatly enhances the tablets use and comfort. 5. No driver issues or compatibility problems, If you can do it on your computer.....you can do it on your tablet.....You no longer have to give blood or sacrifice your soul to play a movie or listen to music in a format other than the one YOU want. Cons: 1. I'm not crazy about the charging situation, HIGHLY proprietary and if you lose or forget your charger.......you are not going to charge your device.......AND.......it's not a charger that you are just going to go down to a local store and buy!!!! 2. Another usb3 port would have been nice, one is way more than the Ipad has!!!!! But, I can see that some "usage" scenarios that might need an additional port, I'm thinking about buying a small port expander.....maybe. 3. SD vs. MicroSD, a greater capacity MicroSD would be better.....But it is STILL an incredible improvement over the Ipad. All in All I would HIGHLY recommend this device to fill both needs.......The Wheel Has Been Improved.
R1R020E20EDBFA	5.0	A long-awaited device	4	5	I've never bought a laptop (for myself). I've used lots of laptops, for work, from family members (I'm in the non-enviable family computer and electronics tech-support position) but, for my own needs, laptops have never been good enough to justify the expense. They were just portable PCs, with - worse inputs (cramped keyboards with inferior keys, horrible touchpad replacement for mice) - worse outputs (small screens, tinny-sounding speakers) - reduced power (CPU, storage, graphics) - low to absent repairability and upgradability In essence, anything you could do with a laptop, you could do better with a desktop. There was one glimmer of hope, in 2001, when Microsoft introduced the "Tablet PC", where the screen (output) doubled as pen input. No longer was there an artificial separation between what you did and what you saw. It opened the promise to many things: digital drawing, natural handwriting as input, new navigation paradigms... Unfortunately, the devices themselves were full of compromises, more like proofs of concepts really. Little did I know we would have to wait more than a decade for that vision to finally be realized. Some may object that Android tablets and Apple's iPads have been available for a while. But I'll insist that those devices are first and foremost consumption devices, not fully intended to replace a PC as a production tool. The first two Surface Pro models had the problem of not getting the details right: - small screens with the wrong aspect ratio (16:9 is terrible in portrait mode and does not show enough lines in landscape mode for programming, for instance) - bulky and heavy - no instant wake-up * - not enough memory (although the Pro 2 offered 8GB) *: Instant wakeup only happens within the first 4 hours of sleep on Pro 3. After that it goes into hibernation I think. Is the Surface Pro 3 a perfect, flawless gem of portable computing? No but, to me, it's good enough. Sure, the CPU/GPU needs another process node iteration or three to get rid of the fan and to prevent excessive heat and throttling in long-running stress situations, like gaming or intensive video decoding. Not much that Microsoft can do about it right now though: the 5-star rating I give is simply because I don't think there exists a better device that fits my needs at the time of this review. If you need something that completes punctual tasks quickly (booting, launching programs, compiling, opening web pages), while having time to cool off in between, there is no need to wait any longer. Various considerations: - Multiple hardware reviews sites have reported very good color accuracy overall (dE < 2) for the screen, so I intend to use it as a reference for colors for the time being. It's the kind of stuff you don't pay attention to until you have to decide on paint color based on digital assets. - Using Windows 8 on regular, touch-enabled laptops had proven slightly more cumbersome than anticipated: the screen yields a bit when trying to press it, especially for long-presses in the higher part of the screen, which is mildy irritant. The Surface is articulated differently and is a joy to use while mixing touch and keyboard inputs. The only reason to use the trackpad is for software with small UI elements or wonky touch support (e.g. Spotify for both) - Having Windows 8.1 also on non-touch enabled machines, it's interesting to note that, for software that offers both a traditional Win32 program and a Modern UI (Metro) app, I've so far always used the desktop version but, on the Surface, the touch-enabled app version feels faster to use and more natural and I've switched to that within a day of use (e.g. Mail App instead of browser, various news reading apps, ...). I will however complain that the implementation of righ-click using touch input is wildly inconsistent, sometimes it's a long press (Start screen), sometimes a press and a swipe (Photos app), and sometimes neither works and I wasn't able to find a way to bring contextual actions (Mail app). Given how much time Microsoft had to ponder touch input and how late Windows 8 was to the touch party, this is both surprising and hard to forgive. - Some people have reported their Surfaces, especially models of the i7 persuasion, overheating and shutting down during intensive tasks, such as games but also Windows and firmware updates and, in some more isolated cases, through regular use. That fortunately hasn't been the case for me (haven't tried gaming yet, I'll update the review if that happens), YMMV. - Microsoft still doesn't have a good solution for pen storage. Using only magnetic attachment I've dropped mine several times, and that little loop that attaches to the cover is both flimsy and inconvenient to use. Update Aug 25, 2014: Removed section about WiFi trouble upon wakeup, as it's been a week of continued use since the August firmware updates, and I am yet to experience any further problems (happened daily before the updates), so cheers to that!
R250MDRYDKW4KY	5.0	Great Vendor	3	3	Tablet is Microsoft no more needs to be said. The vendor bent over backwards to make sure this order went as planned. Would definitely purchase from them again and again and again.
R1DZPWY7FP2LT7	5.0	Pleasantly suprised to find I love this PC|Tablet & WIN8.1	2	2	I have only been using this for a few days so far. Setup: I must say that the set up process was rather simple. Do not let the App window scare you. It comes setup with all your apps on the initial start up screen. Remember that the key thing is to right click and remove all the apps that you know you will not use or are unsure you will use. Once done, proceed to setup the apps that you know you will use. This made the difference for me. You can tweak the setting to boot up in the "normal" Windows screen or the "start up" screen for apps. I lovethe features built in within Explorer for setting up URL icons on the start up window. A highlight of the surface with the 12" screen is how it can open up to multiple screens quite seamlessly. The boot up from being "off" to full boot up is very fast. I am a Mac user, WIN7 user and now Surface Pro 3 with WIN 8.1. I think I will find myself using the Surface Pro 3 for many of my daily tasks. More updates to come!!!!
R22EK0DV3IWBGI	5.0	Love My Surface Pro 3!	2	2	This is the third tablet I have owned, and it is by far the best. I started out with an Android tablet, which was nice, but basically a bulkier version of my phone. Next up was an Asus Windows 8 tablet, which was really great, since it had nearly all of the functionality of the Surface Pro tablets at that time, including the ability to run the full version of Windows for about half the price. It was tough to give that one up, but since it wasn't compatible with Windows 10, I graduated to the Surface Pro 3. I'm glad I did, since this is a terrific device. With a 12-inch screen it is bigger than the typical tablet (and its own little brothers), but this is really a pretty decent laptop packed into a tablet design. It won't replace your gaming rig, but for work and school use, I don't think it can be beat. The detachable keyboard/cover and integrated stylus (designed to work with OneNote) makes the Surface Pro incredibly versatile, and its thin profile make it far easier to carry with you than a traditional laptop. Very cool.
RY8UDGAWNZ3QR	4.0	I would purchase it again	2	2	Looks, feels and performes like the high quality piece of hardware that it is. I also purchased the docking station. It is also a nice piece of hardware. This configuration has far greater power than I need for the work I typically perform on it. More than enough power to handle office 365 apps, Visual Studio and various Business Process Modeling applications with ease. Battery life is very good. I have it undocked and in use for the entire day on many occasions with no power problems. I purchased the recommended keyboard and would highly recommend it if you are using this as a laptop instead of just tablet use. The touch pad on the keyboard is not too be but could be better. The keys have a nice tactile feel. What I don't like about it is Windows 8.1. Terrible user experience. The good news is I bought the more powerful i7 processor in order to jump on Windows 10 when it is released. Hopefully Microsoft will have listened to the feedback from Windows 8 and 8.1.
R3T2VDV3WGITEV	5.0	Close to Perfect PC/Tablet/Laptop	2	2	I decided to get it since last year when I saw a TV ad where it can be used as or replace a laptop computer (touch-screen) and you can use a keyboard with it, then I also saw the ad with that techno sounding Kpop music by 2ne1 (song: I am the best) . I have it since January 12, 2015. And it works just like a real PC or laptop, especially with the Type Cover Keyboard (blue), except that there isn't a disk/CD drive, but it does have a USB port. The downside is that you have to buy software programmes like Microsoft Office and Norton and enter in a code, and you get a 1-year subscription for those, or buy an external disk drive. You can use the pen, I call it a stylus (which comes with the tablet) on programmes like Microsoft Word, OneNote 2013, Excel, Powerpoint... Still trying to figure out how to set up or configure this pen and pair it up sucessfully with the tablet. I also decided to get a Microsoft Sculpt Comfort Mouse (wireless, functions with Bluetooth) to go with it.
RVYJ6YNUHIH15	5.0	WAY better than the Surface Pro 2!	2	2	I previously had a Surface Pro 2, and although the computer it's self was pretty good, I found it lacking greatly in both the display and especially the touchpad/mouse on the type cover keyboard. The larger size of the Surface Pro 3 display makes a lot of difference, as well as the different aspect ratio of the screen. Everything just simply looks way better on the Surface Pro 3 screen! I really didn't think I'd use the pen that comes with the Surface Pro 3, but since I use One Note a lot, and because the pen simply works amazingly, I find that using the pen to make notes and quick sketches is one of my favorite things on the Surface Pro 3. The new type cover keyboard is miles better than the type cover keyboard was on the Surface Pro 2. The mouse is now a glass like surface and much larger, so my frustrations with using the touchpad/mouse that I really hated on the Surface Pro 2 is now gone. The new type cover keyboard works great!
R3OTNN5TG7Y12X	3.0	The only thing I like about this is the usb port to hook to ...	5	6	You can tell it's new technology, bugs still need to be worked out. The only thing I like about this is the usb port to hook to a printer. But printing seems to be problematic too. Don't get this. Wait till they have pretty much worked out all bugs
R1E2IOSAFYEH1D	4.0	Without a doubt satisfied	5	6	Couldn't ask for a better device. However, I'd advise to go a model up for more storage. The OS eats almost half of the storage alone, leaving you with only about 25-30GB free space. That's the only reason why I won't give it 5 stars.
R35QYUS53NIP1J	3.0	Durability is still suspect!	9	12	This is a nice fast device. However I am a little disappointed with it's durability. I did not have it 6 days before the screen cracked. I was very careful with it and have no idea what happened to it. There is a small hole by the camera for the microphone. This is where the crack started. I have owned a 12" ASUS slate for 2 years that has been exposed to far worse with not so much as a scratch. Fortunately for me it comes with accidental damage protection and only cost about $50 to get it replaced. Time will tell if the screen on this replacement will last.
R14D59WM1D7V0D	3.0	Fantastic tablet (5 stars), terrible insurance	2	2	If I were just rating the Surface Pro3 it would get 5+ stars. It makes a great laptop replacement as well as a tablet. But, you need accident insurance and you buy that in combination with the tablet--and the insurance is negative 5 stars. 30 days after breaking my Surface Pro, I'm still waiting for a check so I can buy a replacement--and that is after numerous phone calls to India. Contrast that with my recent experience with a Microsoft phone--Microsoft replaced the phone same day and even made sure all my data moved over. Reviews on Microsoft's website say they have the same great service for their Surface Pros as I saw them demonstrate for my phone. I buy almost everything from Amazon, but in this case I am heading to Microsoft to buy my replacement Surface Pro and I won't be buying any more insurance policies, period on Amazon.
R1B0V0WNL7SGJ9	5.0	Microsoft got it right this time!	4	5	I work in IT, and I am a bit of a gear hoarder. I have tried everything out there. And I must say, this new Surface might just be the best portable device yet. I had an original Surface pro, which was a little thick and clunky and the battery was just awful. I then moved to Android. I had several Galaxy tabs, the best being a Note Pro 12.2", which was a very close to perfect machine. The only drawback is that it was Android, and somethings I desperately missed. Such as a proper Outlook mail client, some specific IBM terminal emulators such as 3151. But then along comes the new surface.. it is almost identical to the Note Pro 12.2 in size and weight, yet it is running desktop Windows! All my IBM supplied programs run perfect. Office 2013, Steam and games! It is as powerful as a good mid range laptop, yet light enough to hold in one hand. The build quality is outstanding, the display is beautiful and the kickstand is brilliant in it's simplicity. The price seems high when compared to other tablets, but remember, most tablets use mobile phone hardware attached to a big screen. This machine uses ultrabook hardware compressed into an ultra slim magnesium case. So when compared to other (larger) ultrabooks, it is quite a bargain.
R203Q1HE4QKKC2	5.0	A full operating system in tablet format! YES!	2	2	I have to say, I am VERY impressed with this device. iPads, Galaxy notes are cool and all, but there is nothing like have a full operating system in the palm of your hands. Thank you Microsoft, I wonder when Apple will make their version. There are a couple of things I will point out. I currently have the i5 - 128GB - 4GB model, and its OK. I may return this and get the one with 8GB of RAM only because it can use a little bit more than 4GB. Apps run alright, but I notice when you want to resize Google Chrome's browser or some other Windows, it does tend to lag a little, and the cooling fan kicks in a little early. I would like to see how the 8GB model does. Other than that, it works like a charm. I am VERY happy, and highly recommend this laplet or tabtop to anyone!
R1IB6EA4BNW41G	5.0	My first tablet. Love at first use!	2	2	I completely adore my SP3. I am so passionate about this product that I had to leave a review on this site. I considered a lot of options and wasn't against returning it if it didn't meet my standards, but I am definitely keeping the SP3. I have had it for over a week now and it has passed every test I have put it through. I am a student who will be studying abroad so I've tested taking notes, walking for 10 minutes while carrying it, drawing, and even gaming (see below). Although I wouldn't recommend Adobe Photoshop for drawing because of pen pressure sensitivity issues, Manga Studio is a very nice substitute. Games I've tested and successfully run at a playable framerate (some with a controller): Dark Souls II, Devil May Cry 3, Dota 2, Risk of Rain.
R3IH6MMX9DB7OB	5.0	Different... In a good way, though.	2	2	I have always been looking for a tablet like this since Tablets have been in the market and when I first thought of a tablet, this is exactly what I imagined. It is truly an amazing device and meets above the standards for those in hopes to find something for entertainment or even work. However, the speakers on it aren't the best, but if you plug in headphones of any kind you should be more than satisfied. Another thing is that it takes a good 2 to 3 minutes to turn on after it's been shut off for a few minutes. But I get that's only because there's A LOT in this tablet/computer that other devices don't offer and it's got to process everything. Other than those 2 things, this product is by far something DIFFERENT but in a really good way!
R1EV0BB66YOJ8K	4.0	Great tablet/computer. Recommend.	2	2	Love this computer, waited for the 3rd gen to finally purchase and couldn't be much happier. The i7 256GB was sent to me. Some minor problems with heat when under medium to heavy use but still works as needed. Can't wait to use it with my car tuning software. Weight is light for a laptop but heavy for a tablet. Pros: Resolution is good i7 processing power is good when not overheating Light weight laptop Microsoft product with Microsoft software(matching is always better when possible) Touch response is quick Pen is almost flawless Cons: Battery life (i7) Heat Heavy using as a tablet Streaming video to TV via HDMI seem to be laggy Speakers are almost useless
R3MDNO5HQWHLBD	5.0	Love this Tablet!	2	2	This is an amazing tablet~ I'm not familiar with Windows 8.1 software, but the incredible thing is, it didn't take me long to pick up on how to use it, which is an excellent software design feature on Microsoft's part. The tablet itself is sleek and works well with the pen it came with, and it also runs my programs I need for work along with a few other convenient apps it came with such as the One Note app. It's easy to customize and adjust your settings if you so desire and can create multiple users for one tablet in case you use your tablet between your family members or co-workers. I'd recommend this to anyone who is either looking to replace their laptop, use for work/business purposes, or if you're an artist/designer on the go!
R1JN69EYSV2GDG	5.0	Phenomenal cosmic powers! Itty bitty living space!	6	8	I do the same thing w/ the Surface Pro 3 that I used to so with my regular notebook: carry it between work and home, where an external keyboard, mouse, and screen await it. Otherwise the SP3 is like a laptop used in meetings and, um, on my lap. The extra appeal comes when the keyboard is detached. About 4 times a week the SP3 is an awesome tablet, used for presentations. The tablet disappears from the crowd's view when laid on a lectern, yet is light enough to carry comfortably in one hand when approaching the audience. My nice, 3 pound notebook has about the same specs as the 1.8 pound Surface Pro 3. The notebook now lives on a counter, relegated to the role of backup PC. The SP3 is front and center. The SP3 is a standout among tablets because it runs Win8.1 with a reasonable, productive screen size, incredibly low weight, and a full i5 processor. In addition to Office, I use a resource-hungry niche software package. The SP3's muscles manage the heavy-lifting without breaking a sweat. Microsoft fooled me: I had jumped for a SP2 about 6 weeks prior to the SP3's release. Most pundits anticipated the release of a "Surface Mini," not the larger-sized Surface 3. Now I'll unload the SP2 out the back door...or let it replace my once-treasured notebook as a backup PC. There is one SP3 glitch that remains unresolved: scaling. Connecting an external monitor can have unexpected results, particularly with Powerpoint 2013. It's a minor issue, though, given the power and engineering in the PS3's little silver sliver of a package. Oh, and did I mention the price? One I tricked the 256gb SSD SP3 out with type cover, case, and video adaptor and taxes I was down about $1600. That's a premium price, but then the SP3 is a primo PC.
RBFAVR40ANYW1	5.0	Loving my SP3	6	8	I traded in my SP1 for the SP3 and what a big, positive difference! Plus using the same Microsoft account, just about everything synced over since all my stuff is on OneDrive. I bought mine at the Microsoft store in Southern California where I applied a 10% student discount plus a trade-in to bring the price down. I have to say the best things about my SP3 are: 1. Bigger screen/Great resolution SP3 is being used more often in all modes. I'd usually hook the SP1 to a monitor to use as a desktop, change to tablet mode if just wanted to do some light surfing or use apps, then every now and then use the SP1 as a laptop. Now with the SP3, the use cases for desktop, laptop, and tablet are pretty much the same (i.e., I use them in all modes all the time, not one more than the other). So, its become my daily driver in all modes. 2. Light and thin. Goes wherever I go. 3. Keyboard is much improved 4. Pen feels better to use. 5. The 3:2 aspect ratio 6. The 150 degree kickstand 7. The trackpad is way better. I don't have to go looking for my Bluetooth mouse that often anymore. 8. Longer battery life. I can pretty much go through an entire workday before I have to recharge. I think Microsoft read my SP1 user questionnaire and addressed any gripes I had about the first Surface Pro. The Surface Pro 3 will be my day-to-day computer for many years to come. I'm sure there are more things that I love about this device but that is all I can think of, for now, on a Sunday morning.
R2YDWJ30RU9NFJ	5.0	Laptop REPLACED.	6	8	Laptop replaced. I had a Lenovo x230t convertible laptop. My needs ranged from College note-taking/essays/online work, to take home work (Excel, Word, Adobe Audition), to Photography sidework in Lightroom 5 and Photoshop, to occasional design work with a digital pen. I was doing it, but by carrying around 4 lbs of thickness. All of that has now been replaced by super thin awesomeness. The thinness of the SP3 is insane, especially considering it's got blazing fast 256GB SSD (crazy fast startup and wakeup time), 8GB of RAM, and a full-blown i5 processor... Coupled with the smooth pen and optically bonded screen --- this is just too many good things all in one. And oh yea -- the kickstand. You dont realize how invaluable this is to a TABLET until you've used a Surface. Which brings me to a final point: The compromise in losing LAPTOP RIGIDITY is made up for in the fact that you have instant TABLET PORTABILITY. This is KEYYY in understanding whether a Surface will satisfy your or not. There is a hybrid RIGIDITY with the type cover -- (which has greatly improved!) and it's not bad at all. The sleekness and luxury of the device makes up for this one slight trade off. I liken it to choosing a vehicle... If you're gonna pick a Sedan over an SUV... you get so many perks that you didn't realize were so enjoyable --- like a tighter turn radius, acceleration, gas savings... sure you lose a good chunk of heft/beefiness, but after all -- isn't that a good thing? Unless you just can't live without feeling like you're driving an un-tipable tank.
RAX6JCRJJV2DJ	5.0	Love it!	2	2	I love the Surface Pro 3. I bought one for my daughter for school, and while setting it up for her, fell in love with it. I love the any position kickstand! I thought I'd hate the Type Cover, but I'm amazed that it is so thin and yet provides decent tactile feedback. I'm also not a fan of most track pads, but the one on the Type Cover is quite nice. Probably the thing I'm the most happy with is the screen. I have been waiting for a screen this good. I love to watch movies on it and working on documents and spreadsheets on this monitor is a delight. I also love the small power adapter and the long battery life. Writing on the screen in OneNote is awesome.
R95XQVEWRMP0D	4.0	Other wise I really like the computer - however	2	2	Charging cable/power cord that came with the new Surface Pro 3 had European plug with separate US adapter - which gets left behind when the Surface Pro 3 is unplugged and taken to different location. Had to order an extra power cord (which did come with US plug) and all accessories the the Surface Pro 3 are expensive and unique to Surface computers. Why on earth would you sent a new computer to a US address with European plug end on power cord? Other wise I really like the computer - however, as I read before I purchased the Surface Pro 3 - the print on the screen is smaller than other laptops or tablets, but much lighter to carry around as I travel frequently,
R2KGNT9S8B619Q	4.0	I love the versatility and portability	2	2	I've been using this for school (university). I love the versatility and portability! But, it starts to get really hot when I'm using ONENote and any other app e.g. Kindle, Adobe or Chrome open. It's fine if i'm just running one app, but as soon as I do a side by side and I'm doing research and making notes - turn on a fan! I'm in the Caribbean so sending back would not be worth the effort so I'll just continue with it as is. Also I initially installed Flux (blue screen dimmer) but it keeps causing the surface to freeze so had to uninstall it. I still think it's great for students especially as I don't have any set of paper or books to haul. YAAAAAYYYY!
R2HRYSQWS71C7R	5.0	surface pro 3 tun up	2	2	I'm very impress on the whole thing, light weight, fast and 2 in one. I have a dell xps 14, iPad 2, and a desktop. And the surface pro 3 makes the rest of my systems look like joke. I have pro 3 i5 256gb and this machine is stunning, if you looking to buy a laptop or tablet, look no more get one thing that do two things. My only thing is Microsoft apps developers need to work fast and come with more apps. And for the apple and android developers, y'all need to focus more at the core which is Microsoft, the starting and the ending. I also install vs 2010, cs5, and office 2010 and no problem. Runs much better on the surface and much smoother.
R1VAQLLMR67KDS	2.0	and while the first few months were quite good, the machine has started to falter now	2	2	I've been using my new Surface Pro 3 for a couple of months now, and while the first few months were quite good, the machine has started to falter now. The machine does not recognize the battery anymore, and I've tried all the available trick to fix this. And now I'm getting messages about the hard drive being corrupted. This is just a terrible experience for a computer that I use for work. I'm not sure if the seller sent me a dud, or if this is a common problem, but either way, it has left a very bad taste in my mouth. And now I have to waste countless hours on the phone trying to figure out how to sort this out ...
R2EWSRUKD93APM	5.0	Pound for Pound King of Tablets	2	2	Simply put, this is the best device I have ever owned spanning over 15+ years of using laptops. It wakes up instantly, is fast, lightweight, runs EVERYTHING I want to actually use and is a fairly sleek / sexy device. I thought I would still need a laptop to do serious work, but I don't. This thing allows me to work intensely or play. Love, love, love this thing! Gripes include ... Only 1 USB. Keyboard is good when seated at a desk, but not the best on your lap on a sofa. Pound for pound, this thing is the most amazing device I've seen. It truly is both a sexy tablet and full workhouse all in one.
R1MZND33DFVM55	5.0	Great device! Has replaced my Notebook & Tablet & Paper Notebook	2	2	I have bought the 8gb/256gb i5 version. This is the best PC/Notebook/Tablet purchase I have ever made Not only did the SP3 replace my Notebook and Tablet: Thanks to the Pen and OneNote, I don't rely on my paper notebook any longer, when it comes to taking notes during my business meetings. I cannot understand why Microsoft does not include the excellent Type Cover 3 keyboard as a package with the SP3 from the beginning. The Type Cover 3 and the Pen are integral components of the compelling SP3 package as a whole. Nonetheless, I give it 5 stars! Well done, Microsoft!
R2QT39SXS6BRZ0	5.0	Happy with the product and would buy again	2	2	I had the Surface Pro 3 128 with same processor but 4GB of RAM. Due to no fault of its own the screen cracked. When I replaced it I bough this model. I am pleased. The extra ram seems to make it a bit more brisk with multiple applications running. I use the device at home and work and have no valid complaints. To that end I just bought this same model for my daughter for her birthday/going to college computer gift. While not built for Call of Duty or similar gaming, it is great for about everything else. My daughter will be using it with Photoshop, it will be interesting to see how that goes.
R3V4BVAOMPBJKR	2.0	Not able to get Windows Media Center for Windows 8.1 anymore	2	2	I ordered this for sole purpose of watching live TV from a cable card network tuner. As I am writing this review, Microsoft stopped selling Media Pack for 8.1 end of October 2015. A few weeks ago I am doing my research, deciding to order this unit. Surprise, guess what... Should have bough it a month ago. Maybe you couldn't care less about Windows Media Center, and this tablet would work perfectly for you. But hey, this is my review. I am mad at Microsoft for coming up with something good, and then killing it. Only giving it two stars because hardware is kinda nice.
RZNIECZ1NPF3S	5.0	The surface Pro is the greatest piece of technology I have ever owned	2	2	The surface Pro is the greatest piece of technology I have ever owned. I work in IT - have done for 17 years. I spend long days working on my computer which is a laptop with an i7 processor and 8 GB RAM. The surface pro easily competes with it. I have owned pretty much every iteration of tablet/laptop combo, including iPads, Galaxy tabs etc. this beats them ALL hands-down. I can honestly say I will never buy a laptop again. I am not a gamer, and I haven't tried playing games on the Surface, so not sure how well it would handle that. But for business use, this is the device to use.
R2JTYEN7TQ50LD	5.0	NICE.............	2	2	Tried the AMAZON FIRE HDX8.9 Too limiting ok if you just want it for games and movies... Tried the SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB S 8.4 Better but just too much money to play games.... Tried MICROSOFT Surface PRO 3, should have started here... It is a good combination of work and play I think. It is a bit pricier but you get much more for your money so worth the extra cost, plus you are not LOCKED into just google and android... I needed it for work, home, and some play. So like I said a good balance. If you just want it for games and movies then you should prob go with the FIRE or GALAXY.
RH2SC2ALA7W0N	5.0	Mac lover loves the Surface Pro 3!	4	5	We are a hardcore Mac family who was sent a Surface Pro 3 from Intel–of course, my opinions here are my own. We use the Surface Pro 3 for quite a few things–to look up recipes in the kitchen, browse the Internet while watching TV, and our kids (10 and 14) use it to help with their homework. I LOVE the screen size, as it's larger than an iPad. It is wonderful to browse Pinterest with! I also love the kickstand–I know, it seems like a silly thing to love, but it's super easy to use while cooking because of it. The full size keyboard is another plus. I don't feel like I'm typing on a tablet at all. It took a few weeks to get the hang of a PC again, but it's totally worth it. I am able to use the Surface Pro 3 instead of my MacBook Air, and honestly, it feels a bit more durable so I can use it while traveling without worrying too much about it.
R2I9IQSVXVMACA	5.0	Exceptional Tablet, Definite Notebook Replacement. Home run MS.	4	5	This is bar none, the best tablet I have used. I am the CTO and VP of Media for a large northeast media company. I procure technology for our entire corporate staff as well as all of our onsite and installation equipment. I needed a mobile, fast, and reliable laptop replacement, and this is definitely it. In addition, I am responsible for our entire digital graphics production devision, and this unit serves as well as our production work-stations. While it does not have a dedicated graphics sub-system, it does have the chops to serve as a mobile production device. It runs everything I throw at it. Its fast, quiet, the display is exceptional, and the setup is superb. Paired with the new touch keyboard, it is a full-blown laptop killer - at least for me. I will be rolling out to the rest of the executive team shortly.
R1IM704AE4XTWH	5.0	Can't live without it! Excellent	2	2	I love, love, love my SP3!!! I use it every day, and it replaced multiple items - My old tablet that was super slow when online, my old laptop that was just hitting a wall, my iPod for teaching my Jazzercise Classes (since you can download iTunes now, and plug the headphones right into the speaker system), and even use it to watch Netflix (with an HDMI cable purchased separately), and DVD's (with a portable DVD player purchased separately, but for way less than a regular DVD player) on my Bedroom TV! The internet is super fast, picture quality excellent.
R18PX8SIZP34PZ	5.0	I like it	2	2	I need a new laptop and a larger tablet. Windows tablet never came to my mind because Windows 8 metro view drives me crazy. I researched and found pro 3 worth my money the most. My older laptop was 7i. It was not significantly faster when I run SQL server. So I settle with i5. I found a way to boot pro 3 to desktop and use Crome for internet access in windows8.1. My problem is resolved. I am very happy with the resolution, compact size, and 2 in 1 idea. When the displayport to dvi adapter arrives, pro 3 can be connected to my 23 inch monitor. update: still 5 stars. The best thing I discover after one month is the fast speed of SSD compare to the clunker hard drive. I can turn off pro 3 and turn it back on in 20 seconds. My laptop was reinstalled with Windows 7 plus all SP this year. The boot process is agonizing pain. I usually go out water the lawn or feed my pets while waiting so I don't get angry and feel like to throw the laptop out on the street.
RLBQBBVDO0DBM	5.0	5 Stars	2	2	This product exceeded my expectations. It's faster than my similar configuration laptop even after installing complete MS Office Professional suite, full blown SQL Server database and few demanding Oracle products. My favorite feature is its stylus pen integrated with OneNote (I am a frequent user of OneNote). I wish it had one more USB port so that I could easily copy files across multiple USB drives/ devices; and micro USB was not in such a inconvenient and hidden place (It's behind kickstand). It has replaced my heavy laptop.
R1YOACXG8K89GS	3.0	Good but way too many overlooked details	8	11	I am an engineering student and wanted something to replace my heavy/aging 2009 macbook pro. I needed something light to take to school and did not need a heavy duty computer. I picked the Surface Pro 3 128gb/i5 model and used it for a few days. Here is my opinion.. Hardware: Pros - The hardware is great. Screen is bright and crisp, touch screen is pretty precise, kick stand is surprisingly sturdy, and the build feels solid. Cons - The haptic feedback motor is loud. Very loud. When it is on a desk, bumping that windows button will cause it to vibrate which will resonate with what ever it is touching. There is no way to disable this "feature" unless if you disable the windows button. But it seems the volume/power/windows button is all on the same I2C bus, disabling one with device manager will disable them all. You will bump this key at some point, especially if you use the pen to write with. The keyboard: I will talk about the type cover here too, since the thing is almost useless without it. Pros - The keyboard is very light and adds only a tiny bit of thickness to the SP3. I did not have much trouble adapting to it and I can type on it at a normal rate. Cons - When on a desk and the keyboard is angled, it is INCREDIBLY loud, it sounds like a 1940's type writer. If you are in a quite area, you WILL disturb people around you. Microsoft also chose to use some type of weird felt like cloth covering. It will get dirty eventually and be difficult to clean. The mouse pad is located slightly to the left, and as I result I am always hitting it with my palm. I have also noticed that laying sideways in bed will make the SP3 think it is being used like a tablet and automatically disable the keyboard. The pen: Pros - The pen and palm rejection surpassed my (high) expectations. The pen feels pretty close to using a ball point on glass except the ink is electronic. There is also a feature to convert handwriting to text that is pretty useful and accurate. Cons - The buttons are a little awkward to use, the magnetic holder at the bottom is not strong enough to hold it, and there is no symbol support for the handwriting input. The charger: Pros - Has a USB port! The software: Now, I use both windows and mac and I might be used to the extra polish of OS X. I thought I could try to adapt to windows 8 but I can't. It is just too awkward of an operating system, having to manage programs and apps, having tablet settings and then desktop settings. There are too many little things that could just be better. For example, in desktop mode I have to bring up the digital keyboard every time I want to type and X it out once I am done. Windows get resized but do not go back to normal once the digital keyboard is gone. Desktop items often end up shuffled too. The absolute worst part is that I cannot get over is the fact that the stock microsoft apps have 3rd party ads built into them! I paid $900 for this machine, I do not want to have advertisements! Overall, it is a great idea and could have completely changed the way I work. Unfortunately typical microsoft blundered it by missing out the tiny but ever so annoying details. Usable? Totally. Perfect? Not at all.
RRHHV6OQ9CA34	4.0	A "good enough" laptop and tablet	8	11	Let me start by noting that I'm an Apple fanboy. I regularly read the Apple rumors sites, I wait eagerly for the WWDC every year, I have owned multiple iPads, iPhones, MBA's & MBP's...and I love my 13" MacBook Air. So it was with much apprehension that I purchased my first Windows laptop in years. Thus far, owning the Surface Pro 3 has been a pretty good experience. The overall design is "Apple-like" (meaning that it looks sleek and feels well-made, particularly the hinged stand), the screen is gorgeous, and this is the first time I've actually enjoyed using the Metro tiles on Windows 8. So why just "pretty good"? Let's start with the trackpad and type cover. While serviceable, they don't come close to the perfection of the trackpad on the MacBook Air. After a week with the Surface Pro 3, I'm still not used to the relatively small size of the SP3's trackpad. On my MacBook Air, I rest both my thumb and my index finger on the trackpad. That is not possible on the SP3 - it's not big enough. This means that I have to move the pointer with my finger and then switch to my thumb to click the trackpad. And I make far more typing mistakes on this keyboard than the one on my MacBook Air. In short, the type cover / trackpad works, but the experience is not close to what Apple provides. Other frustrations I've had with the SP3 are the software glitches that have plagued my first week with the device. Stuff that should be easy takes time to fix or setup. For example, the zoom settings across browsers and applications took a while to get right. Perhaps my biggest frustration with the SP3 occurs when I remove the type cover and then try to use the onscreen keyboard. I often have to log out or restart to get the onscreen keyboard to automatically show up. Also, there is a typing delay that comes and goes with both the type cover and the onscreen keyboard. I'm hoping that MS fixes these issues with software upgrades in the near future. Another drawback with the device is the lack of apps for tablet purposes. Aside from a few apps like Asphalt 8, most gamers will be unsatisfied with the selection in the MS store. I was also disappointed with the limited inventory of educational apps for my kids. That noted, most of the apps I regularly use were available (dropbox, evernote, banking, etc.). Despite these deficiencies, I like the device. Although I wouldn't recommend it to my technophobic mother (setting it up correctly takes far too much tinkering), or a family that primarily uses it as a tablet (limited selection of gaming/educational apps) it's a good device for a business user and gadget freak like me. I guess the best way to describe the SP3 is that it is a "good enough" laptop and a "good enough" tablet. That's why I'm giving it 4 stars...it's the first device that doesn't make me choose between my laptop and my tablet when I head out of the house in the morning.
R2MZLLYX4K0QP1	3.0	Great, but a lot of models have faulty microSD slots	2	2	I'm giving it 3 for right now. Everything about it is true, very nice machine. However I only had used it for 24 hours when I discovered the microSD slot did not work. This was a big issue since I needed more space. I tried 3 different cards, all different manufacturers and none worked. I researched and other users say this is a common problem and just need to get it replaced. So I'm sending it back. If I could review Amazon I would, just wanted to swap it out but I have to get it refunded and order it again.
R3SPLHA1CJ2L5Y	5.0	I love it so much	2	2	I love it so much, gave my almost new Lenovo Yoga Pro to my student daughter. I have been watching the Surface over the last years but always found reasons no to buy. This time I swooped in, bought it along with the cover and Office 365, and I couldn't be happier! Surface 3 makes even Windows 8.1 bearable and easy! I also love the pen and show off in our IT meetings when I just draw markups on page layouts, double-click the pen to save to OneNote and email to attendees later. Awesome buy, so glad I bought it this time.
R2LYRCYZI2FKEK	5.0	Surface Pro3 are great items but you do get what you pay for	2	2	Surface Pro3 are great items but you do get what you pay for. Spend $1K to $1,200 and get the i5, 4GIGs RAM and 256GIG HD (128GIG HD if using for a POS). Don't go with a slower unit for cheep or it will not work fast enough. If you install the Win7 Shell the battery operated pointer/styles will not work. Get the extended warranty because if anything goes wrong you are SOL! Replacement of anything on this item is worse than changing out your screen on a smart phone. Microsoft considers this to be a disposable item.
R128SZ06UYNE8H	2.0	Excellent product technically, falls way short durability wise.	4	5	Excellent product specification and functional wise. It is a PC you can easily carry. But hardware/durability wise I found it unacceptable. Wife dropped it from a couple feet, bending over to pick something else up, and shattered the screen. Advice is cough up the dough for the accidental damage warranty option. Compared to other tablets, this is not a device I would be comfortable carrying around. Cost to get a replacement will be around $320 from the MSFT store. Wife also notes that there is no place to attach the pen and if you buy a keyboard, the pen loop is too tight for the pen making it inconvenient. I'm not sure how this product is getting such high reviews. I guess just put it in a docking station and don't touch it.
R2P5R90EKHA2PJ	5.0	Definitely a laptop replacement!	2	2	I purchased the Surface Pro 3 i5/128 GB model yesterday and it came in today. Let me tell you, it definitely is a laptop replacement. I love it. It does everything my 2013 Toshiba Satellite could do. I was a little nervous about the 4 GB of RAM, but then I installed the Steam app and I was able to download Skyrim and Divinity: Original Sin and the Surface could handle them just fine. I will never buy another traditional laptop again now that I've been acquainted with the Microsoft Surface Pro tablets.
R2GIMX1KSANB79	2.0	Changed my mind... dont get this	2	2	No point in getting this product thinking it will fully replace laptop and tablet. No easy way to download movies and tv shows to watch while no wifi available (planes, trains, etc.) Get this right and maybe i'll be sold again. disappointed.
R1029Y2I4OPZH5	1.0	Sold used Microsoft Surface as new - Visible wear from use and greasy fingerprints on packaging.	6	8	Seller (TechGiant) repackaged a used Surface and sold as new. Visible wear around the keyboard docking area and small pin sized dents on the corners. Greasy fingerprints on the packaging and visible use of components. Tried to contact seller, they basically punted to Amazon. Don't go with TechGiant as a seller, they are charging new prices for used gear. Their response to my request for refund was a form email. Otherwise the surface is pretty good so far (just received it) - snappier than the first gen version. Unit is larger and thinner. The stand is a little hard to figure out as it doesn't have detents for the levels, you just keep pushing it to reach a more laid back stance. The pen is cool, if you hit the button when the Surface is off it immediately goes into OneNote and lets you write with the pen (cool!). We'll see how longevity goes, the unit is for my 2 year old son on his birthday to use ABC Mouse - let's see if it can stand up to "the boy".
R3KC23GRNXFDB3	5.0	Best Computer I've Owned	2	2	Love it! I don't think I'll ever touch my iPad again. I feel it is only right for me to say that I'm not in the cult of Apple. If you are, you aren't even considering the purchase of a Surface anyhow, so I guess the audience is folks looking at HP and Lenovo products. I had a Lenovo prior to the Surface, it was nice, but for me the Surface really is a laptop replacement. It has all of the functionality of a laptop with the portability of a tablet.
R2WBJXYZP05Z8L	5.0	So far so good.	2	2	So far so good. Updated the heck out if it after unboxing. About 2 gig or so of updates but that's what you should be doing. Immediately placed a Zagg glass screen cover on it too. The fan kicks on under heavy or consistent use. But all my computers do that so nothing new there. Running as expected and really like the form factor, weight, and size. I, as some others have opted for the full coverage warranty. I think for the price it's a good move.
R1Z9O99B8RP9GJ	5.0	This is the ONE!!!	4	5	Microsoft did it!!! I can't explain how much I love this new tablet laptop, it works great in every way. Finally I got a laptop in a tablet body and everything is running fine so far. It's quiet and it's Fast!!! Screen: 10 out of 10, high resolution makes texts and fonts so much easier on the eye Connect it to the TV through a display port to HDMI is no brainer, colors looks Great and text is crispy. Even look better than my desktop through the HDMI. Battery is very good, 7 to 8 hours regular use, can't be happier consider the I5 CPU inside it. Overall, it's a great buy and I am very satisfied.
R1SGFOVYFNW8YU	5.0	Best Windows 8 laptop out there.	4	5	Best Windows 8 laptop out there. I've had now for a few weeks, and I love this device. Great screen, AMAZINGLY light, and the Type Keyboard's trackpad is finally good enough... i don't use the Arc Touch Mouse in my bag. Battery life is very good (I get about 7-8 hours). It's unfortunate that none of my original power adapters continue to work, but i let that slide because the new one is MUCH easier to attach. My Surface Pro 2 has served me well, but the larger screen, better keyboard, and thinner profile make this the Windows 8 device to beat right now.
R3OO7QGIL72W9L	5.0	They finally got it right	4	5	I'm an ipad and ipad mini user. I couldn't find anything good enough to replace them for years. That has all changed. The SP3 is my new tablet, OR Laptop. I have no problems using it on my lap or knees. I really LIKE the keyboard. The screen is sharp and responsive. The easy carry factor of this device is so enjoyable. It runs all of my PC applications. The pen is brilliant. I could go on and on. They finally got it right. Microsoft made a tablet that does everything I need, and offers a slick way to add a keyboard when I need it.
RKFAB3UITOGDT	5.0	Hands down the cleanest and best looking 2 in 1 tablet and laptop combined	2	2	I was so excited and anxious to get it delivered, but once it arrived I have not put it down except to sleep. Hands down the cleanest and best looking 2 in 1 tablet and laptop combined. Caps off to you Microsoft on yet another great product. The only thing I wish was different is that it only has one 3.0 USB port, but there are attachments for a reason so no biggie!!!!
R2J77FWANYQ5C8	5.0	This is a good product	2	2	So far all is well with my surface pro 3. It is fast, reliable, and easy to use. Would have liked a lower price of course, and I don't like being forced to set-up a Microsoft account in order to start up the PC the first time. Otherwise, this is a good product. Like the keyboard and the magnetic attachment. Battery lasts a long time and doesn't seem to get hot--
R5YIPZQ51U4C8	5.0	Love it!	2	2	Wow. Honestly, I didn't think I'd like this thing nearly as much as I do. I LOVE it! I can run all my practice specific software on it, Photoshop, Office, movies, photos, web, etc. OneNote and the stylus work so well, I use it as a digital notebook while in continuing ed courses. It's a real computer and not a web toy like a iPad. Awesome, awesome, awesome!
R15YQU09YVJEMW	5.0	I'm very happy I did	2	2	I'm a computer guy and have been building my own computer for a long time. I only recently start using laptops and when I saw this I figured it was time to take the last step and go for the maximum portability. I'm very happy I did. I love it, it does everything I want, the battery life is fantastic, and it looks good. Well worth the money.
R2U15R9FGK61CX	4.0	Everything about the surface pro 3 is wonderful except for the battery life	2	2	Everything about the surface pro 3 is wonderful except for the battery life. It does not take long to kill the battery and I would like to be able to upgrade the battery bank at sometime. I may be able to but that is the only thing I don't like. Microsoft nailed it when they designed this tablet!! What a great machine!!
R1XQBYGILBIB3K	5.0	It is amazing and most prompted than before product.	2	2	It is really fast rather than other Win8.1 ultra PCs, that is amazing because the Screen Resolution is close to 4K and completed conquest others. And the Pen is very very nice can easy recall the OneNote. Now I can deal with my work and watch movie and listen music also view internet website while I am stay in my Bed!
R33VCHOQ701ZNN	5.0	a great product	2	2	Works fabulously. No issues so far. Extremely pleased with this hybrid and would recommend to anyone looking for a tablet that also doubles up as a full laptop. The screen is super clear and bright - almost the same resolution as an iPad. Sound quality looks hood enough, though I am definitely not an expert in this.
R2UMNGUNV98TS5	5.0	Great product	4	5	This is my second Surface and I have no complaints. I use the Pro 3 for work and it's light weight and ability to take notes with the pen is a very useful function. My 1st gen Surface is being used as a media pc and I had no problems outputting it to my Visio TV.
R3THF7XV6IKP1Y	5.0	This has worked exceptionally well. A full computer with ...	2	2	This has worked exceptionally well. A full computer with a tablet as a secondary function has been exactly what I've needed. For years, I've been attempting to make an iPad do everything I needed through apps and workarounds which grew more and more difficult. The Surface Pro3 fit my needs perfectly.
RYS8WP9T4C7T0	5.0	Excellent investment.	2	2	Wow! What an amazing device! I've been using windows computers for over 22 years and aside from the obviously needed software improvements this computer is perfect. It just works. The 64 gb drive is a little small so I ordered a 256 GB micro SD card and it functions flawlessly. Highly recommended.
R12FZEI9M7BHJ8	2.0	Bugged Tablet.	8	11	The product itself is great. However, I have noticed my tablet overheating (from playing basic solitaire game) and freezing up many times since I have gotten it this past week. Also, the time and date would consistently be off even after changing it multiple times. After researching online, I realized I wasn't the only one bothered by the overheating. I am disappointed because I have spent a lot of money for this tablet. I expect it to be running perfectly (especially since it is brand new). I am going to be returning the tablet I have now and save up for a new one that I will be buying off of Microsoft. (hoping to get one that is not bugged). Hopefully by then, they will have the keyboard be included with the tablet as well.
R1ZCC211Z7NFR9	4.0	Its a good size, the screen is very clear and it ...	2	2	Its a good size, the screen is very clear and it takes beautiful photos. However as a girl not too savy dealing with such plethora of instructions etc. It is taking me awhile to "make it my own" . For the cost of this item it should. be something you know a bit about and really need.
RK0C05B2N4S3P	5.0	and I love to try new things	2	2	I've had a lot of tablets, and a lot of laptops. I am a big fan of this kind of gadgets, and I love to try new things. This one is, until now, the best one I've had. It is a GREAT product and, in my opinion, it does replace your tablet and your laptop, all into a one single device. Recomended.
RVZPOUGUBPH8	5.0	It is awesome as a tablet	2	2	It is awesome as a tablet, don't even need the keyboard, although I am using it right now. Touch screen rocks, I agree with the reviews saying that the camera leaves something to be desired, but all in all I am very pleased. Also, I highly recommend the square trade drop and spill warranty!!!
R1N0A1HAKM5BVX	5.0	Best device available	4	5	I bought this the week it came out and love it. I have used android tablets and tried other windows based touch screen laptops but the surface pro 3 is the perfect mix without sacrifices that you must make with other devices. It is expensive and not for people that don't require the full functionality of a laptop and tablet combined. If you want/need both then it is a deal in my opinion.
R3GVB24TIPSG5E	5.0	amazing machine	2	2	This tablet is amazing! The new surface pro is the best laptop/ tablet ever. Arrived really quickly and functions really well. The 12 inch screen is great and really clear amazing to watch movies, work, play games, and general browsing. Windows is great aswell. Will recommend to everyone
R3EKXJ7844C0FT	4.0	Quick delivery, looks great, just what I wanted.	2	2	Arrived before expected time. So far so good. Will probably give 5th star after I have it longer. This is my first surface tablet. After doing my research the i5 128GB was the best value for the price. Be prepared to do a bunch of updates right away. I can't wait to use it.
R93T7C7PWCSO7	5.0	perfect device for work and play	1	1	Let me preface this with saying, this computer is not for everyone and I will not be reviewing anything too technical, so if that's what your main focus is, this review will not help you much. I spent a few months looking for a well priced computer that could easily turn into a tablet whether that be by detachable keyboard or bending the keyboard all the way around. I also needed 4 gb of ram to run software such as Photoshop. Surprisingly, that was the hardest feature to find. In addition I needed a well responsive, light and thin keyboard that can sustain many hours of use. I wanted something light to carry around easily, and I wanted something small. My last laptop was a Toshiba Satellite at 17 inches that overheated all the time. The surface pro 3 met all my needs, and I only have small complaints, most dealing with windows 10. My first complaint is about the keyboard and while I could put this in a separate review, 1) I bought the keyboard at my local best buy and 2) I think only a small percentage would only be purchasing the tablet. The keyboard tends to get hot on the right side under the arrow keys where my hand rests when I type, maybe this is the friction from moving my hand back and forth while typing, but it is a little deterring when working on long projects. The trackpad does the same thing when it's been in use, but I've never had a trackpad that doesn't hurt after a while. Despite these small issues, the keyboard and the track pad feel great. The trackpad has enough fluidity to let your finger slide around with ease, and enough traction to let you click on what you actually want to. The keyboard is covered with some sort of fabric, which is a nice change, but might be contributing to that hot spot after use. One thing that I love about this computer is the keyboard. As a writer I have my hands resting on the keyboard for long periods of time, sometimes moving quite fast and one thing that was important for my computer to have is an easy resting spot for my wrists. Two out of the three laptops I have used to write have hurt my wrists eventually, which really halts the writing process, which is hard enough to start to begin with. This computer is the perfect alternative to another laptop I was looking at, the Lenovo Yoga. I saw one that was priced a little lower than what I paid for this computer, but after trying the keyboard it seemed that it would hurt after a while, and the more expensively priced model was too much. This device has an amazing kickstand, allowing the tablet to be upright, or slightly above the table. I have also found that playing some games make the computer hotter quicker after updating to windows 10, and while this is not a gaming device, it shouldn't be hot after 15 minutes of playing. Nonetheless, with a fan set up this device preforms quite well when playing Sims 4, and Photoshop is easier to use when using this device as a tablet. Additionally, this computer charges fast and lasts long. Maybe it's because my last laptop was the aforementioned Toshiba Satellite that overheated constantly for no apparent reason, but I was amazed when i charged this computer after using it, came back around an hour later and it was done! The battery life, for me, is longer than the 5 hours mentioned in the description of the product. I would put the battery life closer to 6 or 7, but (surprisingly) I don't tend to use my device heavily. Of course depending on what you do and what setting your brightness is on matters, but for the most part this computer takes a while to die. When it is charging I'm usually not using it so i assume that makes the charging time faster, nonetheless it still charges most of the way from an almost dead battery in the time it takes me to go to English class (1hr & 15 min) not to mention windows 10 comes with Cortana, the personal assistant giving Siri a run for her money. I have used Cortana for a year on my Nokia Lumia 920 and i can tell you, she is amazing and very big "pro". For added space I purchased a usb port (the device only comes with ONE 3.0 usb port, but has a handy port on the charger to charge things like a phone), a 128 gb micro sd card and a 1tb external hard drive as the device I bought only came with 64gb of memory, and I like to keep a lot of things, especially movies and tv shows, on my computer. I highly recommend this device to anyone who wants a nice, light, and powerful machine.
R3MZ2VEJ5OZIT7	4.0	Great Device If You Don't Require The Latest-New-Thing-To-Market	1	1	Disclaimer....Sorry Amazon, but I did not purchase this device from you...I had expiring points elsewhere to spend but I felt I would add my review as I purchase almost everything else from you! Overall, well built, solid in hand. Purchased the i5 256gig. At this time, potential buyers might want to wait till next month (October) to see what Microsoft has in store for us with the Surface Pro 4, as it's rumored to have the cooler running, (read "fanless") Skylake processor and Microsoft's upcoming 'Hello' facial detection security camera. Speaking of heat and fans... My i5's fan does kick in from time to time when using processor intensive apps, but it's never been intrusive, and it does get a little warm to touch, which is to be expected since this really is a full fledged laptop PC. Greatest flaw for me is the lack of a place to store the stylus... Especially for people on the go....A major oversight by Microsoft. I ended up using the little tab holder that came with the Type Touch Keyboard, stuck to the bottom edge of the kickstand. The device performs well. Start up time is less than 15 seconds, probably due to the ssd drive and 8 gigs of RAM. Get a screen protector!!! I have heard stories of screens cracking with minor drops and cracked screens are a major repair issue if you have no extended warranty. I bought the Zagg tempered glass shield... It works very well, looks and feels great to the touch. Just be sure to pay close attention to the installation instructions and apply it in a dust free area....like a humid bathroom! I also purchased the "STM Dux Rugged Protective Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 3, Black (stm-222-101L-01)"..... It's more of a rugged frame/bumper guard than a case, but it protects the edges well and still allows you to use the kickstand fully. Tablet mode is used less often than I anticipated by me. I think because not all apps are optimized for the full screen when in tablet mode.... The minimise and close buttons become impossibly small, as do some text in programs, however, apps that are optimised work well. Overall, this device performs very well for me, and despite a couple of annoyances, I actually enjoy Windows 10. I reccomend this device if you're not a "must-have-first-run-device-techie-freak" and don't mind passing on the imminent release of the Surface Pro 4's next iteration. My 3 weeks with the Surface Pro 3 so far have been enjoyable.
R3B58A8HIG22K1	5.0	Love this Device!	1	1	Let me preface my review by saying I didn't purchase my device from Amazon. I purchased it from Best Byuy, only because I wanted to have the device the in my hands the same day and not wait for delivery. That said, I am glad I did go with Best Buy, due to some challenges I had with my first device. I've had my Surface Pro 3 for about two weeks now, and after having to return the first device, which came with Windows 8.1 and the free upgrade to windows 10, I finally stumbled on a winner. The first device would have worked just fine if not for the Windows 10 upgrade. After the upgrade, the device *refused* to detect the type cover. So I reverted it back to windows 8.1, (you can do that within 30 days of downloading and installing the upgrade) and the type cover worked for about half an hour, then also went kaput. The device was useless to me this way, so I returned it to Best Buy and asked for a device with windows 10 preinstalled. Kudos to Best Buy's customer service folk, they were happy to oblige, even let me open the box and power it up before I left the store to ensure the device was working to my satisfaction. Got the new device home and it's been great! I love that the type cover lights up when in use, eliminating the need for a separate laptop light that I typically used with my previous laptops.I also love the ease of switching from laptop to tablet in a flash. I've used the device as a tablet probably more than a laptop, to watch movies, videos, read magagzines, even surf the web. I've used the device now as a laptop when I need the ability to type quickly and the Surface Pro 3 doesn't disappoint in that arena too. The portablility is a plus, as the tablet with the type cover is very light and fairly thin for such a robust device. The device is speedy, boots up very quickly, is smooth moving from applications to windows programs to web browser and has ample storage space for my needs. I was also impressed that my One Drive content automatically appeared on the new device with minimal action on my part - this includes my photos, of which I have many! The screen resolution is fantastic and the speakers are very good - not too loud, not too low - I've had other devices in which the speakers are barely audible making headphones a must, but that's not the case with the Surface Pro 3. I only use headphones if I'm out in the living room and someone else happens to be watching TV at the same time. Bottom line, my advise to anyone looking at the Surface line - it's worth the extra $$ to take the device with Windows 10 preinstalled. You'll save yourself a headache of possibly having a dud and having to return the device. My daughter was so impressed with the Surface line after seeing mine, that I bought her one for her birthday, this one through Amazon. Again, Windows 10 preinstalled. She is a college student and she will get much use from the device.
R11EN6HEF4957H	4.0	Great tablet, mediocre laptop	1	1	So the surface pro 3 is a great product. Definitely worth the money that I paid for it. With that being said, I was able to get this item with about a $250 discount from $1299 with BestBuy price matching Microsoft. I put that towards a type cover along with Microsoft's accidental coverage and everything came to about $1300 - $1400 including tax. I have been through 3 macbooks within the last 5 years and 2 failed due to "accidental" reasons, although only one was a true accident and other was one of Murphy's Laws in action. Anyways, with the price, I thought i'd try out the surface pro 3 and this review is written after Microsoft's 2015 Build conference with no surface pro 4 announcement :( Speed - Speed is good. The one I purchased was the 8 gig 256 SSD, i5. In my opinion, $1299 is a little high for this setup. ESPECIALLY WITHOUT A KEYBOARD. I will say that it does start up quick and touch responsiveness is quick with both fingers and pen. The keyboard is another playing field. - I was also able to use Intel XTU to undervolt the GPU and gained a little bit of performance and battery life while keeping the device a little cooler. I'm still messing with it a little bit more though. Features - It comes with a USB 3, Mini Displyport, charging port, and MicroSD Slot. NO Pen holder. Also, check out the specs list to get more details. The screen is great! Design and Form Factor - As a tablet the design and form factor is good. The kick stand is helpful, and everything seems to be in the right place. Although the charger could use some help. I believe that eventually it the charger will become frayed near the charging cable because it tends to bend no matter which direction it is in. Again, No pen holder haha. Battery Life - anywhere from 6-8 hours for me. I use it mainly for surfing the web, movies, email, and school related work... lots of papers. But I also have a few things that will run the battery down like rainmaker and other apps that are running in the background, bluetooth is always on and connected to 2 or 3 devices, higher screen brightness, etc. Display - Lovely! Durability - I have purchased a case for it because I care more about it lasting than what it looks like. I wish there were more case options but I went with a UAG case from amazon. I have 2 boys, so we will see how long this thing lasts. Expandability - Sure! Not like a ton of expandability, but some. The sad thing is the MicroSD slot. Although it is placed inconspicuously behind the kickstand, right now it is only limited to an expensive 128 gb cards. There are 200 gig cards out for pre order though. (Check BHphotovideo) Noise - Yes it does make noise from the fan, but after undervolting, it is quieter. Also, it makes noise if I tap my pen on the screen. Portability - Definitely thin, but not macbook thin. Which i dont really care about portability over usability, Software - windows 8.1 - I don't like it. I don't like it one bit. But I'm open to change. I won't talk about software because it's something that is always changing. Type Cover Pro - POOOOOOR! What can I say, If Microsoft is going to make the keyboard an accessory, it sure feels like an accessory. It's thin, sure, but it just doesn't feel right or feel good. It feels flimsy and the touch is not that great. Mine came with a pen holder that has a sticker on the back, which does not stick to the fabric part of the keyboard so I have to stick it to the tablet. Anyways, my thing is, if you are going to brand it as a laptop killer, either include the keyboard, or make a nicer keyboard. For example, belkin has their new QODE keyboard line, which looks amazing, a little over priced, but nicely designed. - this keyboard for being $129 is an overpriced accessory. I would be willing to pay $79 for the keyboard and would think that, that would be a fair price to offer, but at $129, I feel like I was taken advantage of. I wish other companies can come out with better keyboards for this device. OVERALL - Overall, a rating of 8/10 is fair. The surface pro 3 is a great tablet replacement, but definitely a mediocre laptop replacement. Or Best tablet i've owned and worst laptop i've owned. I'm sure their is a lot more I can say, but this is my quick review of it for the general public. I would definitely recommend it as a tablet replacement, but cannot recommend it if they want a true laptop experience. I would say right now, go with a macbook or if you want the touch feature, go with a yoga pro 3 possibly.
R2JK99IGZMZJV2	5.0	From Surface Pro 3 to a Macbook Air - From a Student	1	1	I had purchased a Surface back in November and after a few months I decided to move onto a Macbook Air. Don't get me wrong, it's a great tablet hybrid, but it is not nearly as comfortable as owning a laptop. I had this idea when I purchased it that it would be this hybrid that I would often use as a tablet. I would certainly use the Stylus and how awesome would it be to write my notes? It's also ultra portable, what's not to like? Well frankly, I nearly never used it in it's tablet form. It's not like an iPad where you can seamlessly navigate various apps. Microsoft's mobile OS is not at that point and I continually only used it as a laptop and that is not why I wanted the Surface. I wanted something that would act as both, yet I only really used it as a laptop. The stylus was a let down. Yes, it functioned great, but I seldom used it. I don't draw so that was out and I can type my notes way faster than I can write them. Perhaps if I was in math classes it would be great for note consolidation with such things that are hard to input via keyboard, but I am not and prefer typing my notes. It functions like any other Windows computer and can handle all the day-to-day processes you throw at it. It's tilt stand worked fine and it was not uncomfortable in my lap, but it wasn't exactly amazing either (a laptop with a hinge system was better for such use.) I am not a huge fan of it's Type Cover and while it is vital to owning a Surface, it's not as nice as a laptop keyboard. Even with the draw backs, I did enjoy owning one and I think it's a great device. It's just I didn't find it comfortable to use a tablet due to the lack of app/program development. Even using the internet via only touch screen could be difficult at times. What it came down to was that if I wasn't going to use it as a tablet, well, then I'll just get myself a laptop.
RN4MNTO7QQEGO	5.0	Sister's Usage and Personal Side Notes (Work and Home use)	1	1	I bought this for my sister as a Late-Birthday/Christmas Gift. I promised I would because she wanted it. She has been using a Macbook for a long time, an Android Tablet, a iPad, and many more mobile-like devices and never felt like it was enough. After a month with this, she can't believe she survived so long without it. This completely replaced her Macbook, and other tablets. She uses this both at home and work, and never has a dull moment with it. Microsoft has really made the best tablet in the market and it's only getting better. I'm so happy my sister loves this...even to the point where her coworkers and friends are investing in one too. Highly recommended for anyone in the business field or even just a person looking for a tablet for school. Side notes: I also have one and my work also uses this to deliver client info and even develop for. It is by far the best device we have ever used to present ideas to clients and develop applications for said clients. Everything about it is extremely easy and you are EASILY getting what you are paid for. Everything about it screams "HIGH QUALITY". You might be skeptical about the interface and how it's not the same as a iPad or Android...well, let me tell you something: You don't even understand how efficient the Windows 8.1 OS is. You take the same time it took to learn the iPad or Android into learning this and you will wish they would stop stealing ideas from obviously the better product. Do I sound like I'm praising the Surface more than I should? Maybe, but I've developed for the iPad and Android for years and for many clients...but I've never had a easier and more efficient time than I do with the Surface. To each their own, obviously. Comparatively, if I could force all our clients to use the Surface in their projects... I would. Sadly, the world's market doesn't work that way. :)
R3EKH675JBUGSB	5.0	Surface pro 3 256gb i5	1	1	Hello, I bought this off the Microsoft website ( due to the student discount), anyways this device is sure something, just taking it out of the box was impressive looking. the pictures do it no justice , you must see it in person to see the beauty. go see one at a store today! *Side note: I had this product for a few months* Pros: Light ,64 bit tablet/laptop(can install many programs). can take pictures/webcam, micro sd card support, 1 usb 3.0. Kickstand multi position. semi high pc specs. Makes people go Wow when they see you. Charger has extra usb to charge a 2nd device. If your an artist, you can draw on a paper(printer paper or tracing paper), then lightly tape it to the screen, to trace over with your surface pro 3 pen ( will make the same thing as your paper). Cons: Price, does not come with keyboard. Ok on to the review, im a graphic design student and I wanted something for when im away from home, while I agree like anyone else, its expensive but worth every dollar spent. ( it does replace my laptop I keep at home also). Colors are wonderful along with the resolution on this 12 inch screen , perfect for me. the screen has a resolution of 2160x1440 (better resolution the better). battery life you say? its not perfect but its not bad either, its just right. if you want more than 9+ hours then you can buy the power keyboard ( which adds battery life hours). I use this for design programs such as Photoshop/illustrator . also some gaming on the side. lack of usb ports u say? just buy a usb hub and your set. Pen - the store ones have soft tip ones -(they break down over time), I thank them for getting rid of it with new models. the new models come with a hard tip one which was perfect( now I don't have to keep replace the tip). +1 Microsoft. Some will say the cameras suck, but I disagree . have you ever seen a camera on both sides on a laptop? you will proby say no. both cameras are 5 mega pixels - 1 mega pixel = 1 million pixels. big images = fun. example : mac book air has a 720 pixel camera = low quality. These you may think suck but are great. I also bought a cyan color keyboard for it, the keyboards for the surface pro 3 work great, but take some getting use to, it has backlit (can turn it on if you wish, or it goes to sleep mode when not in use) Items I would recommend you to get for your surface pro: - Type cover keyboard if you haven't already, - A case for it( soft with padding or leather portfolio style if you wish, though I recommend the soft case more, cant use the kickstand with a leather style cover type. would also recommend a *64gb or 128gb* micro sd card . - Power keyboard ( adds battery life) yes it works with surface pro 3 ,i have one. - If you don't like the metal look of the tablet, I would recommend a skin cover from decalgirl I order one from them and it does not leave a mark when you take it off, and you can make your own! https://www.decalgirl.com/skins/Microsoft-Surface-Pro-3-Skins - A usb hub if you need the extra ports. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Overall would I recommend this? yep sure would, for anyone looking to replace an old laptop/ or student/business person. Have fun everyone, hope you get yours soon. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Features people don't know about on the surface pro 3. - You are able to start from desktop if you prefer under settings. - To disable windows hot keys ( Example you keep press light up keyboard key when play a game or w/e) Press Fn+ caps key , to re-enable press again. - Take screenshots: Hold down Fn + Win + Space Bar together (for keyboard). Or press Windows button on the Surface Pro 3' tablet part , and the Volume down button together until you see the screen blink to indicate that the shot was captured. - Screen can be used with tracing paper or light paper, to trace what you drew on paper.(using the pen) - Can be charged with a portable charger( if you have the right power cord+ laptop charger) example of one I bought , The portable charger for it: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BB5VQCE/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 The cable: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00OXD9OL6/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
R17Q8GNG4BYH8N	5.0	Absolutely love this! My office is in a truck cab ...	2	2	Absolutely love this! My office is in a truck cab 80% of the time (makes me wonder why I have a regular office at all). Most of my work is done on excel and the ability to complete a form and sign it on sire has saved me a tremendous amount of time. Couldn't be happier!
R1NQ0PK32K0N6A	1.0	Absolutely Terrible	2	2	Worst computer I have even owned. Constant problems, from touchscreen multiple phantom inputs that required a warranty replacement, to issues with connecting to devices. I have been relying on my 8 year old macbook to get anything done since I have owned this.
RE3D8PGY3SU6M	5.0	LOVE IT!!!!	2	2	Absolutely love this item! User friendly and fun to use. I like it a lot better than my ipad. It's a bit bigger and heavier, but I love having the option of a computer and tablet all at the same time. I also like that you can connect to it with USB, etc.
R23B89JWRG4P9D	5.0	Light and Fully Functional...Great laptop	1	1	I just love love love this laptop. When my old Lenovo laptop started dying on me after 4 years of service, I was looking for new portable laptop. I didn't want a Netbook. I was looking for fully functional laptop which is light and easy to carry in a handbag when I go for weekend trips. My options were buying another Lenovo/HP hybrid laptop such as Lenovo Yoga, MacBook or Surface Pro 3. With Surface Pro 3, I was really concerned about the hard drive space I was getting for the price. Lot of my friends tried to push me towards MacBook. It was a difficult decision and I'm glad I chose Surface Pro 3. After using it for more than 6 months, I can say that I just love how powerful this light weight laptop is. I just love how it can be used as a tablet or a laptop. I like the in built Windows 8 apps. I actively use the news, flipboard, stockmarket and recipes apps. I added the gmail, facebook and twitter apps to my homepage. Now, I really don't have to open each app to know the updates. The live tiles is an amazing feature of Windows 8 that let's you see the update without opening the app. The hard disk space is still a concern for me. You get about 35Gb of useable space for 64Gb version. There is option to increase the memory using memory card but I really hoped Microsoft more in-built space for the storage. I haven't run any heavy programs on the laptop yet. I'm planning to run Adobe Lightroom on it soon. Have to see how it will work then. Nonetheless, this is a perfect laptop for someone who is looking for portability, light use and fully functional laptop.
R2FL3A10F86DS5	5.0	This is my favorite "computing device" yet - the best mix of power	2	2	This is my favorite "computing device" yet - the best mix of power, portability, usefulness at a fair price. I work with tech and have had dozens of PCs and mobile devices of every shape and size. Microsoft has done well with this one.
R2VWMAHOD542CR	5.0	Now he is like a kid in a candy store	2	2	Ordered this one for my husband as he was jealous of mine. I'm really surprised he wanted one. Now he is like a kid in a candy store. Light weight, fast, easy to use, full computer functions. Best thing Microsoft ever did since Windows 3.1
RMQACYHY2NL6X	4.0	Pretty good	2	2	Sometimes a bit slow and noisy. But if you have a powerful desktop ultrabooks and hybrids like this are just too expensive for mobile i5/i7 power w/ integrated graphics. So, I'm happy overall as a supplemental device.
R39MNV3GO77Z2U	4.0	I am now using a bluetooth keyboard that I like better.	2	2	Note, keyboard stopped working about 6 months in. I think it is the computer and not the keyboard though, as I have tried others of the standard keyboard. I am now using a bluetooth keyboard that I like better.
RB0TTO7ID8X79	5.0	Love it!	2	2	Love my new Surface Pro 3 - i7 is very fast! I use it as my main computer for work all day - use with the docking station there. Then at night as a tablet. Looking forward to traveling with an ultra light PC!
R2VA45T2H05XET	5.0	Upgraded from an RT	3	4	I loved my first Surface, but came to need more memory among other things and started looking for a replacement. In spite of the cost the Pro 3 won for a variety of reasons. One of the things I valued highly about the RT was its small size and light weight while still offering the advantages of a laptop. I used it often at my kitchen table where crumbs and food smudges were common. It managed all that well and never missed a beat. The type keyboard let me type as fast as I wanted. With the touch screen and trackpad I didn't need a mouse. I could carry it easily when going somewhere without needing a bulky computer case. But after a couple of years I just needed more than it could offer. More speed (its updates came more often and were taking longer and with limited memory, I couldn't do anything while they were being applied). Slightly bigger screen (my eyes just keep getting worse and some of the tiny stuff was just too tiny). More memory (I was having to delete things before adding new things and sometimes it just bogged down during regular activity). I used it so often I had to find a replacement and looked at all the little laptops out there that cost a fraction of what a Surface Pro 3 does. #1 on the top of the list was that even the smallest of those weighs twice as much as the Surface. I'm old, I don't want to carry something heavy around with me. Even back in the day, hauling a 5 pound (or greater) laptop around an airport was a burden. I'm certainly not doing that now. I really love the detachable keyboard and that it serves as sort of a case (or at least screen cover). That always worked great for me on the RT. I don't want a Bluetooth keyboard that I have to charge and wait for connection. I want direct connect and Surface provides that, plus I can take it off easily as needed. When I go to stay with my grandchildren I may be gone all day. I want awesome battery life and Surface provides that too, better than any laptop. It goes to sleep immediately when I close the keyboard and wakes again with just the touch of a button. I rarely turn it off. The touch screen is an absolute necessity once you've gotten used to that on your phone and with a touch screen Windows 8 works just fine, again, a lot like the apps on my phone, plus all the capability of regular Windows. The Microsoft store still isn't as robust with apps as Android or Apple, but it's getting there. I didn't think I'd care about the pen that comes with the Surface Pro 3, but I find I'm using it rather a lot. The keyboard is great, fast and responsive, even better than the type keyboard on the RT. It was a separate purchase so more expense, but I knew I needed it. I'm a writer and I type fast. The onscreen keyboard is there if you want that though and don't need the separate one. So bottom line, I researched, I tried things in stores, I anguished about the expense, but in the end the Surface Pro 3 just offered more. It's fast and reliable. It's easy to use. The slightly bigger screen is helpful and will still fit in my tote easily. It's a bit heavier than the RT but way better than any laptop. Its internal antenna is better than the RT and connects to my JetPack from a significant distance with more bars. It offers more options with the kickstand placement so you can tilt it however you want or lay it flat. It serves as a tablet as well as a laptop. You get all the Windows functionality and can add Office, which I need. Setting it up was fast and easy. There are clear on screen instructions. The charger plug is way better than the RT, much easier to connect and the cord is longer. The speakers are better and there are more options to plug things in like a big monitor if you want that. You can attach a full size Bluetooth keyboard if you want or add the docking station for even more capability. I don't need that but it's nice to know I can add if it my requirements change. If you have another computer, it will easily hook to your home group so you can share things and print that way, but I still use OneDrive to share my files since that works with my phone too. I'm still choking over the expense, but love the Surface Pro 3 so much, I'll get over that eventually. This is a great unit.
R1RKCHYL1O9L8S	5.0	Surface Pro 3 Should Win Consumer Device of the Year	3	4	The Microsoft Surface Pro 3 should win consumer electronics product of the year. It probably won't, but that doesn't mean it shouldn't have. The ads on TV are not hype. My experience is they are VERY accurate in depicting the superiority of this device over an iMac and the elimination of the need to also have an iPad. The Surface is the best I've seen at playing dual duty as a laptop and tablet. It beats the iMac as well as all 2-in-1 laptops including the closest competition which is the Lenovo Yoga Pro 3 for thinness and lightness. Battery life is excellent. The keyboard feel just like a standard laptop keyboard and unlike many, is even illuminated. I bought the 128 GB model running an i5 processor and added another 128 GB micro SD card. I still have a desktop workstation, but I could easily just use the Surface Pro 3 as my only machine. It takes me all of one second to remove the keyboard and use the Suface Pro 3 as a tablet. Since it weighs only about 1.75 pounds, it's as easy to hold as an iPad, just a little thicker and larger. Since the screen size is larger, I'm able to read magazines such as Rolling Stone in portrait view using standard resolution. Unlike the iPad, I do not have to constantly zoom in and out to read the text. Instead, I can easily read it in the native display (FINALLY!!!). I also loaded Office 2010 on the device and can actually run Excel, Word or any of the other application in tablet mode using the on screen keyboard (VERY cool). For precision touching, the unit comes with a very handy pen stylus, but I find I don't need it much as the calibration of the screen is excellent. I fond the Surface Pro 3 to be a complete pleasure to use in coach on recent flight from Chicago. the smaller footprint and ability to tilt the keyboard, allowed me to type comfortably without being all elbows as I've found happens with standard 12" laptops. My concerns the kickstand would not have a place to rest on the tray did not turn out to be an issue for me. I paid a premium price for the Surface Pro 3 and had a bit of concern regarding my choice, but one month later, I am very happy with the decision I made. Be sure to check out the SmartGuard 4 year extended drops and spills warranty on this unit for less than $200.
R3S7XEA0XRNS9K	5.0	College Students--Take it from an Apple fanatic, you need this device!	3	4	Pros: THE PEN IS INCREDIBLE! I honestly didn't think I would get used to digital inking, but now I'm obsessed! Multitasking: Nothing does it like the SP3! Flawless display: I thought 12 inches would be too much in tablet mode, but I like it even more than the iPad. Plus the resolution is killer. Convenience: I used to go to school with a tablet, laptop, pens, pencils, hilghlighters and textbooks. Now I just bring my Surface. It covers all my needs. Cons: Type cover track pad: There are a lot of type cover haters out there... I'm not one of them. I think it's perfectly fine (and that's coming from someone who writes A LOT). The only complaint I really have is the trackpad. While it's not as bad as previous versions, I still find issues with it from time to time. I would recommend purchasing a Bluetooth mouse. I find that a mouse is more comfortable to use, anyways, and you can get one for pretty cheap (I use the Wedge Touch Mouse). A year ago, I had to sell my Macbook Air to pay for car repairs. It was probably the saddest thing I ever had to do. I have always been an Apple fan and hated Windows 8 because of the limited experience I had with it. So when the time came for me to purchase another computer, I really had every intention of simply getting another Macbook Air. Then I learned about the Surface Pro 3 and the Surface Pro Pen. I felt like I was betraying Steve Jobs himself and still wasn't sure if I could deal with Windows 8, but after a lot of thought, I finally decided to go with the SP3. A month later, I can tell you that I don't regret the decision for a second! The SP3 has all of the hardware and capabilities to function as a full-fledged laptop. As a matter of fact, it is the only computing device I use as a full-time college student. Microsoft totally got it right with their tagline, though I would go as far as to argue that "this is the laptop that can replace your tablet". While I went into this thing with a deep hatred for Windows 8, I've come to love it! It takes some getting used to, but I truly believe the OS is perfect for touch-controlled devices. I'm convinced that all the haters out there simply can't stomach change. Once I figured out all of the controls, it was so easy to use. No device on the market handles productivity like SP3! As an English major, I'm constantly writing--whether it's papers, notes or even just markings in the margins of books. With the SP3 I can write papers comfortably (I have no problem with the type cover at all) and take notes, whether by typing or using the Surface Pro Pen. I can also use the pen to mark up PDFs or read my textbooks. And, as an added bonus, I can easily do all 3 of those things at once, as the SP3 simplifies multitasking by allowing you to use 3 different windows in split screen mode. In all, it's an excellent piece of technology. It has simplified my life in so many ways. For years, Apple has won me over with products that are better designed, better equipped and more innovative. I believe that Microsoft's Surface team has finally killed the stereotype that Apple makes better products. SP3 kills any device Apple has on the market, hands down!!!
RJV7OBYEHRH5X	4.0	Amazing Hardware but needs more support on the Software front..	3	4	I just picked up a Surface Pro 3 from Best Buy and can tell you that its an amazing piece of machine. I would also be returning the machine tomorrow (very sadly) because I believe that its not completely there yet from a software point of view. I am definitely a customer and believe in the direction that microsoft is going. I believe that the product is 80% there. The next iteration I am sure will be 90% there. Here is whats good and bad about the product: The good The hardware is absolutely amazing. When I opened the box I could not believe that I was holding a full laptop with a core i5 processor on it. It just seemed amazing. The keyboard is quite good as well. In fact, I am typing this review on Surface Pro 3. Just for comparison I have HP Spectre 13, Yoga Pro 2 and after spending 2 hours on this device, my typing speed is 90% of that on those ultrabooks. I actually like the trackpad. Its very usable and very responsive. The screen is amazing and the entire device is actually quite lappable. Overall little complaints on the hardware front. The Bad - Software not optimized for this device The primary reason to buy this device is for productivity - an ultrabook and an ipad replacement. Unfortunately that's where the software, especially MS office is wanting. One note works great - no complaints there. However, things are not so rosy with Word 2013 and Powerpoint 2013. I tried annotating with Word 2013 . While the annotations worked great, however while in the Pen mode, I could not scroll up and down with my finger without leaving some unwanted annotations on the screen. One Note had no such issues; Word did to the extent that it almost made is unusable. Similarly, scrolling slides on powerpoint is a pain as well. This is when you have the keyboard detached and want to read through the slides while sitting on a lounge chair. The experience is very inconsistent where you scroll from one slide to the other. First the scroll is very jittery - kind similar to that in symbian 3 phone's home screen scrolling. Possible but very jittery. Secondly, while the scrolling is 90% accurate, there are still those instances when you would scroll but the screen would not. By contrast, the scrolling on the ipad (even though reproduction is not very accurate) is quite smooth. There is a certain calm while reading documents that I found missing while doing the same on Surface. Now all these are fixable issues. Microsoft just needs to ensure that Word and Powerpoint are optimized for touch as One Note is. Once such becomes the case then bye bye ipad. There were a few other minor issues - annoyances really. There were times when the keyboard would stop responding.. but again this happened once in 10 times. Once again.. the device is 80% there. With Microsoft's focus on productivity, things should be fixed by the time the next device is fixed.
R3UJG6B2H3ACX	5.0	Setup was simple and easy. Things to note for designers	1	1	The reason I got this was to replace my dying laptop. Setup was simple and easy. Things to note for designers: the screen shows everything pretty small, so be prepared to zoom in really close in Photoshop. I'd recommend getting a second larger screen for that. The display is nice and Photoshop started yup immediately with little to no lag and runs smoothly. Everything runs pretty fast, so definitely no complaints here, though it still won't fix a slow internet connection. The pen is interesting, though I unfortunately notice some lag when writing. I'll be using it to draw graphs for economics, though, so it shouldn't be too difficult. That being said, whenever you use the pen there's a little dot that shows up on screen so you can put it in the right place. It doesn't start drawing till it touches the screen. And yes, you can rest your palm on the screen and use the pen, so that's a major win for me right there. Other than that, the on screen typewriter works fine and even lets you choose between three different types. The heat isn't really an issue to me. Boy though, when people said it's quiet, this thing is quiet. I haven't heard it yet. So, my verdict is if you want to replace an old laptop or get a new computer, this is definitely not a bad investment. But choose wisely.
RP38LKH3DMB3G	5.0	Wonderful productivity machine	1	1	I had two concerns when I was looking at the Surface Pro 3. For reference I have the i5 model with 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM. I needed something that was compact and could run Dragon Naturally Speaking and Adobe Photoshop. The Surface Pro 3 delivered in both regards and it is a wonderful little productivity machine. Dragon runs a little slower on the tablet than on my beefy gaming laptop, but it definitely did a serviceable job. No complaints whatsoever about Photoshop's performance. CS5.1 worked great aside from some scaling issues that made it difficult to select menu items at times, and CC works even better. The form factor is the best thing about this though. I feel like this tablet is finally delivering on the promises that scifi movies have been giving us for decades. A fully functional Windows 8 machine that weighs less than my iPad and can go in a satchel to be taken anywhere? Yes please. The only gripe I have is that while the Surface is wonderful for computing on the go, the kick stand design and the lack of a keyboard can cause some neck strain and make it awkward to find a place to setup if you don't have a table handy to rest it on. There's no kicking back on the couch and working like you would with a laptop, but that's not what this form factor is about anyways. All in all a great machine that performs admirably.
R2MNPFYMRTT0BS	5.0	It's amazing how much they packed into this little guy	2	2	So far, liking it very much. It's amazing how much they packed into this little guy. Very powerful, I do a lot of photo and video editing, works great for the photo's, still working on the video portion......
R1LYFWZD6SSTJ9	5.0	Great investment, even one year later	1	1	I have owned this for over a year now as I got it when it first came out - I went to Best Buy like every day for a week to play with it to decide if I would really like it or not. In the past, I had an Android tablet and really did not like it because it was just a big phone that I could only use while on wifi. I did not want to dump $1000 on something that I would not like. I can safely say that it really has replaced my laptop as I gave that away shortly after buying the Surface. Full disclosure: I still have a desktop for photo editing, gaming and CAD, but this is great for everything else. I have the i5/128GB model with a type cover but that is the only accessory I own for it. My main uses are every day computing: surfing the web, Office products, watching youtube, and traveling. I often take it and use it as a notebook as the pen with one note is amazing. It reads my writing well and I have small engineer-type writing and it has no problems with it. The SSD space is large enough that I can store photos and videos while traveling and the external Micro SD slot is helpful. I like that it is very light weight and the charger is light too. If it could do CAD, I would totally use this for work and shed the heavy laptop they make me lug around. Overall, this has been one of the greatest tech investments for me.
RJQNTJSM13K5O	5.0	I would recomend The Surface Pro 3	2	2	I love my pro 3 so far. Being in college it sure makes reading the books easier any that is that can be purchased through Amazon Kindle. Lot less weight to carry on the plane than a big laptop.
R22IHGQPF386V2	2.0	Screen cracks extremely easily get the Microsoft service agreement	3	4	I am conflicted about this device. I purchased in Feb 2015 with keyboard and portfolio cover. Over time I started to use it without the portfolio cover occasionally to allow more viewing angles and to keep it cooler. At about day 52-55, I was using it and noticed something odd. Looking closely, the screen had cracked in one corner. It looked like maybe from a bump. I don't know when. I don't know how. Talked to Microsoft and missed being eligible to purchase service plan which allows 2 replacements for accidents for about $50 deductible. It still worked, so I continued to use it. Had to send it in beginning of June as crack spread and it quit working. Cost $340 plus tax. After all the reading about the screen thickness and its easy breakability, I am not sure that I would purchase this device again. I have students who tell me it is one of the best purchases they've made. I know I haven't had a chance to explore all of its capabilities yet, and I know I miss the device. I am surprised at how often I reached for it after I sent it in. And taking my laptop on my last work trip, really made me miss its portability. Bottom line: I think the thinner screen helps with weight but makes it too fragile. I really liked what I could do with it, and I could do much more than I can with my iPad. My iPad is still sturdy and in one piece after many years without a cover, however. I do want it back (don't know when it will be replaced by MS). I still need a desktop or laptop computer even with the Surface Pro 3. I think the screen size and glare make it too difficult for more than a couple of hours of computer work at a time.
R2AQAG64CRG6SC	5.0	I like the SP3 so much I now have two of them!	1	1	I travel a lot for work and my laptop is my core tool, I have several slim laptops like the Acer Aspire i7 that are actually slimmer then the Mac Airbooks and look just as cool if not cooler (IMO!). I tried the SP2 Pro and was underwhelmed and found I was still carrying my iPad and my laptop and my smartphone. After 6 months of using my first SP3 i5/256 I found that my iPads and laptops are not being used and up for sale. my SP3 with the Microsoft folding/arc Bluetooth mouse (no dongle!) and my smartphone I am a really happy person from a work perspective (life is another matter and SP3 do not solve that!) Why do I like it? it is the perfect size to replace a laptop and a lot more functional then an iPad. it also runs everything that I use on my home and work computer. also with a USB slot and a XD/SD memory slot along with display port, WIFI, Bluetooth and dual cameras. I can handle all my work scenarios. Pros: size, keyboard, battery life, pen!, kickstand, power Cons: not really a con as much as a feature request. I would like 2 USB ports on the next version and a GPS sensor. although I do use my phone for GPS so maybe not that big a deal.
R2KHYHBDGHXWFH	4.0	Great hybrid device with two minor flaws	1	1	This is a great device. The screen is amazing. I was expecting it to run fairly slow but it's done everything that I was hoping for with no problems. The size is perfect. I only have two pretty minor complaints (hence the 4 instead of 5 star review). First, the track pad is awful. It's jerky and often doesn't even work unless I change programs and then change back. I've messed with all the settings to see if i could fine tune it but no dice. The hardware just blows. It's a simple fix with a bluetooth mouse but that's just kinda annoying. Second, tons of apps don't play well with this device. In some apps, the scaling is all messed up and the icons are tiny. Adjusting the settings in windows didn't re`ally help much, it just made everything scale weird. Second, a ton of the apps aren't set up for the touch screen. I have one program that I use for work but I can't select text using the touch screen. It's not a deal breaker (because it works if I use the pen or the trackpad) but it's annoying. So my recommendation...I like it for what I use it for. It's not a video editing machine but it's a great device. I'm really happy with it.
R3G5RIY1Y0MYWT	5.0	Great device for a social worker	2	2	This makes a damn good laptop replacement for any one. Well at least for everyone but a hardcore gamer that is. Best of all it does get about 9 hours of use without being plugged in.
R1IZCRHNFCJOZC	5.0	Surface from the quagmire of computing choices like a Pro.	1	1	This is by far the best computing device I have had the pleasure to use - the only true 3-in-1 device: 1. A comfortably sized tablet to read in bed either propped up on the stomach with the kickstand, or propped up on its side also using the kickstand when sleeping on your side. 2. A perfect travel laptop with a comfortable keyboard. Pair with a Microsoft Wedge bluetooth mouse for best results as the touchpad on the keyboard is usable but not the greatest. 3. A perfect desktop device when docked and used with a secondary display. Also, blazing speed, great screen resolution, very decent speakers, excellent battery and microSD expansion slot. Neat touches - charger has magnetic attachment and a bonus USB out to charge your phone. Stylus works great with OneNote. Most complaints in the tech press are nitpicks. It is impossible not to acknowledge that this comes closest to a true multi-purpose device. It is only a matter of time before iOS and Android device makers copy this form factor. It would be interesting if Microsoft launched a Surface phone with kickstands in both orientations.
R118IO2VRY68L7	2.0	Connectivity issues galore. I guess my next tablet/laptop will be an Apple.	3	4	I purchased a Surface Pro 3 i5 256 GB even after having a less than stellar experience with the original Surface Pro 1. The Pro 1 had constant internet connectivity problems due to either Windows 8/8.1 and/or the Marvell network controller. I was constantly losing connectivity after Windows updates. I either had to press and hold the start button and the increase volume button simultaneously to reboot (occasionally successful) or I would have to perform a recovery (always successful) to get the computer back online. I thought the Pro 3 would have all those problems resolved. I was wrong. I have 2 Surface Pro's that have constant connectivity issues. It got to the point where both were showing limited connectivity with no internet. The Windows 10 upgrade had no fix for the constant problems. I finally broke down and bought 2 USB wifi adapters (Realtek). I plugged them in and now everything works fine. Since there's only 1 USB port on both Pro's, I also had to buy a multi USB port adapter for each. The Pro 3 only gets 2 stars because of the connectivity issues with the stock Marvell controllers. What good is a portable device if you can't get online anywhere? Edit (10/9/15): My 'capital T' stopped working on my Surface Pro 1. It's not a keyboard issue because it won't work with the virtual keyboard in tablet mode either. I can get a lower case t, but not a capital T unless I use the caps lock button. Shift T doesn't work to get a capital T.
R2KP6MH7OHX3AX	5.0	Great Tablet/Laptop	1	1	This laptop/tablet is fantastic. I went for the 128GB i5 model. I decided not to upgrade to the 256 i5 model as I can supplement this one with a high speed micro sd card (which I use to store my media). The kickstand is the best addition to a tablet since time immemorial. The pen is actually so useful -I use it all the time to take notes in OneNote. I'm not the biggest fan of Windows 8.1, but I'm getting used to it now. The app store is still lacking, but almost everything can be done through the very nice internet explorer app (never thought I'd think IE was nice). The laptop does get a little warm when you're using it, but nothing too uncomfortable. When you're just using it like a tablet, it's got great battery life. But it's still good when you're doing lots of more "laptop" type stuff with it. If you just want a tablet for light browsing, the Surface will be overkill. If you need a powerhouse of a machine for gaming or video editing, you probably won't be satisfied with this. However, for everybody in between, this is a fantastic computer.
R31GHKJKWIWYDC	5.0	Just as great as the first one I dropped and shattered the ...	2	2	Just as great as the first one I dropped and shattered the screen without insurance. Now being repaired. This time, I firmly believe in gravity, insurance and Murphy's Law.
R315OE3YKO9C4	4.0	Poor Camera, otherwise great	1	1	Okay, I really like the Surface Pro3. However, I wish that I had seen a review mentioning that the camera is awful. Search online forums and you'll find that out. I was hoping to be able to use it the same as an iPad or iPhone and take a "scan" with an app and keep things in PDF format. There are odd fixes that can accomplish this, but for equipment that costs this much; the camera should be able to do this. Other than that I love it. I updated to Windows 10 right away, since I'm used to 7. I also put in a micro sd card and set the default saving to that so hopefully my hard drive never gets too clogged up. I've loaded the programs I use for business on, and they work fine. (Word, Excel, Filemaker Pro). I'll also be loading a mapping program when it's update comes out. It does everything I need it to do, and is light enough to take wherever I would need to. I would pay to upgrade the camera if there was a shop that could give it a real non eyeglass related fix though! So Microsoft... release a camera that a computer shop can install!
R1RUPC3OWZZAV2	5.0	Best features of a laptop and a tablet	2	2	Best features of a laptop and a tablet. Very portable and easy to handle. Screen is big enough to use all regular programs (Word, PPT, etc) with ease. Love it.
R1XEFZV83JTB6X	5.0	Works great. Loaded Windows 10 without a hitch	2	2	Works great. Loaded Windows 10 without a hitch. Networked with my other PCs and Home NAS. Prefer it to my HP Elitebook that I have to carry around for work.
R7R3HI8EDJ4FK	4.0	So far I like it	1	1	I recently switched to a surface from a MacBook Pro after my kids spilled coffee on my Mac. Part of the reason I gave four stars instead of 5 is because I'm not 100% sure how I feel about the surface yet. Undoubtedly the Windows ten upgrade is worth it. I also really like the ability to use it as a tablet. It does everything I need it to as a laptop and tablet, so I do like that. I just don't think I have fully committed to the surface pro yet. It is nice to have the keyboard connect to the screen so it sits up more, or if I'm laying on the floor I can pull it off the screen so it lays flat. I will say as a negative I did a lot of research on the surface pro 3 and didn't hear anything about the charging cable until I specifically searched for that. When my surface pro arrived the charging cable didn't work, and no where has it!!! I thought maybe it's because the four is coming out but they use the same cable. The docking station is expensive, but I would recommend getting one if you can. It will charge the surface.
R1IOK0WZJKG4CW	5.0	League of it's own	3	4	Well after sitting the on the sidelines for the first two generations of Surface products I always had justifications for not purchasing one though I wanted an ultra portable device from battery life to the screen being a tad bit too small for my liking. The Surface pro 3 is all of the mistakes of the past realized into what I think now is a work of art. I felt that this way soon as I took it out of the box, now this device is certainly not for everyone and it is not the best of any one device, but what you get from this device is the latest technology into the slimmest, lightest ultra portable fully functional pc with top of the line writing capability. Some people will whine and say they can buy a laptop with a better keyboard sure you can if that suits your purpose for your device. My purpose with this device is not to have tote around my back breaking laptop and be able to have an unobtrusive device for note taking in language class and at work as well as offer the performance and storage that I don't need to think about the absence of my laptop and I can't think of a better substitute for that on the market right now. My only gripe with this device is that lack of NFC otherwise this thing is amazing I can't wait to put it to use!!!!!
R1AJLG7KAB43S0	5.0	Great for MOM!	1	1	Excellent tablet. I wanted to find something for my Mom, who is 86, to replace her old laptop. I first tried the Samsung 12" tablet, then I tried the Lenovo Yoga. I also spoke to friends that use IPAD's. Bottom line: if the device relies on "Apps" for functionality, it did not work. The reason is because Apps are simply software with reduced functionality and shiny packaging. My Mom only wanted to be able to: create folders for pictures, view pictures, tag pictures and move/copy pictures from one folder to another. Easy with Windows. Nearly impossible with apps. In fact, after spending 2 days going through various apps and trying them out, I could not find 1 that would allow the simple functions identified. The Surface Pro 3 runs Windows, which she is used to. I just had to download 3rd party software that put back the Start Button, then I killed all the Metro GUI/Charms stuff so that the tablet acts just like her notebook did. She also loves the camera!
R1FSNZ8BEDP1ES	5.0	Nice Tablet Being Used for Graphic Design Work	1	1	Purchased Surface Pro 3 for my son's birthday. His primary application will be to use this as a portable drawing tablet (his Wacom Cintiq 24HD touch is most certainly not portable and his Wacom Bamboo Create requires use of his laptop). Although he looked at the Wacom Cintinq Companion 2 the price and weight of the Wacom solution, to him, were non-starters. He successfully downloaded Adobe CC applications (Photoshope, Illustrator, InDesign, Premier Pro, After Effects and Dreamweaver) and finds the functionality on the Surface Pro 3 to be fine. As he is used to working with a Wacom pen interface he stated it will take some time to acclimate to the NTrig pen interface. Upon receipt of the tablet he immediately upgraded to Windows 10 so he didn't have to struggle with Windows 8.1. The only nit I have is I wish Microsoft had an i5 version with 8 GB RAM and 128 GB SSD as additional storage can be obtained using a microSD card, external drive, large USB flash drive or cloud storage.
R2W8286V1RZ8M0	5.0	Great Product	1	1	I use this mostly for coding, taking notes and watching movies. The tablet is very quick and responsive and I am able to easily run all my programming software such as eclipse, note++ and visual studio. I am an IT admin so I will occasionally use it to VPN into work or remotely assist my users and it does it flawlessly. Movies also look great and never sputter. I have tried to play some games on it and it actually surprised me. It ran Skyrim for me on high graphics and I noticed no lag at all. I also tried team fortress 2 and Sins of a Solar Empire and they ran well also. The GPU is not meant for gaming though so I wouldn't buy it if you are looking for a primary gaming computer, but if you want to play a game on it occasionally and don't care about having the best performance than this works fine. Overall I highly recommend this if you want to use it for technical things or if you want to watch movies.
R211KPYRGZWXR3	1.0	For an Artist, Gamer, and a Programmer, NOPE.	7	10	I bought this back in July or August of 2014. For the first couple of months, I would say it was okay. I drew decently, it picked up on where I was drawing albeit a bit laggy, decent for gaming, and generally good. It has pretty good specs on it. I hate the keyboard cover though, feels super flimsy and weak as well as being way too easy to "fat finger." There is no other option for the keyboard since there's only one USB port, and I need to use my flash drives. However, at around the 3-4 month area, they released an update that made my Surface heat up like CRAZY. It got way too hot to hold and would sometimes shutdown from it. To fix it, I restored my computer to factory settings and waited a couple weeks for another update to come. Since then, no heat. But then I started to experience difficulties with any applications using a pen, such as Paint Tool SAI. Any driver I would install to help make it work or get picked up by the program, it would never work. So once again, I restored the computer. Only THIS TIME, my Surface Pen 3 started to malfunction. It would randomly disconnect for minutes at a time, interrupting my work or randomly glitching up and down making a giant scribble across my art. I've tried replacing the pen's battery and the pen nibs (which is not available to purchase any spares, mind you) and any other trick in the book to prevent it from disconnecting, but still, it fails. The computer would also sometimes randomly change settings on me to the point where everything is super tiny or super big, as well as lagging or even freezing on its native screen resolution of 2160 x 1440, which is pretty stupid. It also lacks any resolution that properly scales with the 3:2 ratio. The other settings tend to not use the full screen, so it's either lagging and freezing, or a screen that doesn't utilize the entire screen. As an artist, a gamer, a programmer, and a student, I hate this product. I would have much rather invested in a Wacom Cintiq. At least I know it would be a quality product and would not break on me. It really feels like this product could be SO much better if there were better optimized programs and more third party support. It would have been nice to use this as a daily laptop and drawing tablet. TL;DR Version: Pros: Powerful enough to play a decent amount of games. Portable. Long battery life. Keyboard cover is pretty durable. Cons: One USB port. Pen sucks and keeps disconnecting. Keyboard cover is feels flimsy and easy to fat finger. Not very easy to use on lap. Heating problems. Randomly changing settings. Lags and Freezes on native resolution (2160 x 1440). High maintenance, in my opinion.
RSBV05TM6UK0A	1.0	Customer Service Nightmare	3	4	We have bought several surface pro 3s for clients. This one we got, started setting up then went to plug it in. The two ends of the power adapter don't fit tightly together. You set them together and they immediately fall apart. Makes it real difficult to charge when the power adapter doesn't work. We initiated a replacement. We were told that they needed our credit card as collateral and to call. We called Amazon and told them what the problem was and the customer service agent basically acted like she didn't want to help us in getting a replacement power adapter. She pretty much said to contact microsoft...that's fine. We understand that it is hard to replace part of a boxed item. I called Microsoft and was treated like an idiot from the get go. They told me to go to the reseller then became very annoyed when I said I had and they told me to come to you. Where it stands is I'm awaiting a refurbished power adapter from Microsoft (they apparently don't send new ones, even when you get a new one that doesn't work). I love these products but this was a very horrible experience. I ended up buying a power supply from Ebay, hope that works.
RZ99PQUNWHRNY	5.0	Small enough to replace your tablet and powerful enough to replace your laptop.	1	1	This thing has the power you need for your day to day computing and then some. I have been playing around with various software including Adobe Lightroom Adobe Photoshop Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 and others. It's handled everything I threw at it. We liked it so much we ended up buying a second one for my wife 2 weeks after the initial purchase. The "Microsoft Surface Type Cover" and the "Microsoft Wireless Display Adapter" are great accessories, although full motion video is just a little less than perfect the image quality on my 40 inch HDTV is great. Video quality is acceptable, there's just the tiniest amount of jitter at times of intense motion. I strongly recommend this to anyone who needs a machine to bridge that "Tablet/Laptop" gap. It's small enough to take over for your tablet and powerful enough to replace your laptop.
R3B6O00LE8MPDB	5.0	Much more than a tablet	1	1	This is one of the best pieces of technology that I've purchased in years. I work as attorney and this device goes everywhere with me. In my office I use it as a desktop through a docking station and touchscreen monitor. It has more power than my old desktop did and I don't feel at all limited when using it as a desktop. I take it into Court as a table where I use it to look at documents and to take notes. My only critique is that I do wish it were a little bit larger. I wouldn't mind the extra size increase in exchange for a larger screen. The keyboard adapter works just fine. The pen is probably the weakest part of the system, but I don't really use it that much, so it doesn't bother me. I bought this device to replace my old iPad and I've never regretted it. I still have a MacBook Pro, but I spend most of my time on the surface pro 3, especially when it comes to business applications.
R3MUQI6Q1CXHG1	5.0	Most fun, productive and satisfying tech product in a long time	1	1	This is the most fun, productive and satisfying tech product I have had in a long time. Very high quality fit and finish. i5/4GB/128GB has more than adequate performance and storage for my mixed business and personal use (movies, mail, Office, developer tools). Initial software/firmware issues with Wi-Fi have been fixed with updates (unlike my ThinkPad X1 Carbon which still can't maintain a reliable wireless internet connection). Keyboard isn't perfect, but I think it makes the right compromises in terms of key travel vs. thickness and weight. Windows 8 is fine on a tablet. Windows 10 will be better. Microsoft apps are quite good. Third party app selection is thin, but that's rarely an issue - everything I need can be accessed via browser. Fairly priced for a high-end device. Looks like Black Friday specials will make this a no-brainer. Extremely happy with mine.
RRJ7L1NI5YJYQ	5.0	Simply awesome, I love it!	1	1	Why have a separate laptop and tablet when you can have it all on one device? I used to use a macbook air and recently switched to surface pro 3, I was very impressed. I love the functionality and style. The pen is absolutely accurate and pressure sensitive which means the harder you write, the darker and bolder it will appear. It feels like you're writing on paper. The Surface pro 3 is great at multitasking, you can have 2 or even 3 windows open on 1 screen, all functional. It's very lightweight too and the keyboards are so nice, it also has a USB and you can install programs and games on it.I immediately installed SIMS 4 on it and there's no lag while playing. I am not sorry at all that I sold that macbook air, can't believe what I was missing. I bought a surface pro 3 for my sister too and she loves it just the same as I do. I highly recommend this product to anyone.
R4FCW0DBCIQP4	4.0	It's likely right for you, but the transition might take some thinking if you're not computer savy	1	1	I can't honestly give this a 5 star... The product is amazing. the support products for the actual surface...not so much. Microsoft needs to open up their store, get more in the area of the google apps or something... I had a hard time finding a mail/calendar to manage what I needed them to do. I guess if you've always been on microsoft this will be a smooth transition. If you've been spread out amongst google, yahoo, and microsoft, there's really no app that makes this a flawless smooth transition. I'm switching form a macbook pro, I really am just tired of the weight and I wanted something light and quick. This thing really is impressive in that aspect. If I had to sway someone from getting it or not, I'd suggest they get it and try it. It is a smooth system, has some room to expand with external adds, and responds like a desktop that you can utilize in tablet form.
R1AU4L9KY8ZOX9	5.0	Wow- replaced my laptop- totally, goodbye. Never thought it could do that.	1	1	I didn't know how much I would like this until I started playing around with it. DANG, I can replace my laptop with this for real! I have the i7 256G model with a keycover and I've found it to be fast and very easy to use. Metro is still a pain (tiles for you who refuse to call it that), but you can drop out to a normal desktop and run pretty much anything you want to run on it. It literally is a desktop in a tablet. BUT WAIT, you can run ANDROID on it too and have an android tablet if you want to run your apps too! Oh, and I can link screens and mirror or cast to my smart TV. Or my Xbox one. I can even have multiple screens so when I am sitting at my desktop with it, it can also display to my large screen as extended desktop. I haven't even begun to think of the ways I will really be using this and already I've replaced my lap top. Good bye.
RL1K5K0ZAWYXN	4.0	Good Table With Plenty Of Bugs with Win 8.1.	1	1	Call me a fool, but I've been a diehard fan of Microsoft products since MS-DOS 1.0. Once you learn the tips of WINDOWS 8.1it can be made usable. I've been using Windows 8.1 on my desktop PC and was able to make it usable and even stable. When I applied the same theme to the Surface, it died... I mean died! It wouldn't even boot. This DOES NOT WORK LIKE A LAPTOP OR DESKTOP!!! Microsoft had a wonderful tool that allowed me to restore my Surface to factory condition (but you need an 8G memory stick to downtown the Surface image file - it doesn't come with backup files). Moving more carefully, it didn't take long before the Store app, Desktop app, and most importantly, the camera app all stopped working. Seems to be a bug that the Surface is not totally compatible with Win8.1. disappointed, but minor annoyance with no Microsoft fix yet.
R3T4DS3EN718RM	5.0	Excellent alternate to a traditional laptop	1	1	This is the best laptop computer one could buy. I am using it along with a type cover and it looks, feels and acts exactly like a laptop without the weight. I have seen no sacrifice in functionality over a traditional laptop. It is very speedy due to the SSD drive and proper Intel Core i5 CPU. It is quite functional as a tablet too but I would probably not want such an expensive tablet; also, it feels heavy for use as a primary tablet. I have not really seen a lot of use for the included stylus. I know that my daughter really loves to draw and color on this device (when I let her) and she really enjoys using the stylus. Battery life is decent; for my email, web browsing and occasional word processing on a daily basis, a single charge lasts for 3 days normally. My guess is that a single charge probably gives about 7 hours of active use.
R1KFP61BT2NM7Q	5.0	Truly amazing. I bought the surface to replace an Ultrabook ...	1	1	Truly amazing. I bought the surface to replace an Ultrabook Toshiba Portege, one of the thinnest and lightest out there. I was looking for something powerful, with touch, but that can be really thin and light. The performance of this surface is like a notebook. I have the Core i5, really fast. multitasking, excel, powerpoint, outlook, all together. ready for office work. The screen is stunning, the touch is really good and sensitive. I added the Microsoft keyboard, both together are really good. Sound is really good also from the stereo speakers, a surprise given the size of the surface. The charger that snaps to the side with a magnet is a plus, if you have an accident and someone runs over the cable, it just gets disconnected. Really one of those buys that you recommend to everyone!
R1R4B1JWXJUEKS	5.0	Was going to switch to Mac...	3	4	I've been a PC user for a decade, mostly because of Excel. But I love my iPhone, and really like Apple products. I was going to switch to a Macbook Pro or Air because the hardware quality of Windows laptops is horrible. They are so poorly constructed. I had insurance on my last laptop from the Microsoft Store, and when the machine broke last week, they swapped it out for anything in the store of the same value. I went for the Surface Pro 3 since it seemed like the only quality piece of hardware in the store. What a fantastic machine. I'm impressed in every way. The quality of the hardware, the speed, the ability to run intensive programs, the screen resolution, the type cover, everything - really love this machine. I don't care for Windows 8 yet, but I'll learn. The Surface Pro 3 though - this is a great piece of hardware. I think Microsoft realized they couldn't count on Asus and Lenovo and Dell to produce competitive machines to Apple, so they had to do it themselves. I'm glad they did.
R1U8CW2I98KAT6	4.0	OK tablet, but definitely NOT fully replacing my laptop....yet	1	1	Definitely a leaning curve. I've been working with PCs for decades, and love learning new tech. The Surface Pro 3 had me frustrated on day 1, 2, and 3. Lessons learned: Do not download version 10. It's definitely not ready for prime time. Double check all updates are downloaded before playing with this device. When updating this device screeches to a halt, literally. Ensure the device has great ventilation. It will protect itself when it's hot by slowing to a crawl, or becoming totally unresponsive. So, with that said, why do I give it 4 stars? The device is performing as advertised once I adapted its functionality. I think its limitations are not fully disclosed since it's marketing point is it will replace a laptop. Not entirely a fact yet for moderate to heavy users, but obviously a goal that is within reach.
RWM482M3XLSDZ	4.0	lovely	2	2	does what it says it does, very fast, doesn't heat up, but its abit too big as a tablet. otherwise i definitely recommend it
R3R28WOHY1TRNO	5.0	As A College Student's Point Of View :0)	1	1	I have purchased and used the Surface pro 3 for one week and I love it because the screen is very responsive the pen is too I have an Asus Vivobook and battery will only last for an hour and the keyboard was not responsive. this surface pro battery lasts me all day and I only charge it overnight. The screen is very bright. I am an University student and it is so amazing that this is the perfect product for college students because when I do not need my surface pro keyboard I can use it as a tablet. When I read assignments or amazon Kindle I use it as a tablet. I also highly recommend the surface pro 3 keyboard cover too. I have no words to say but this is an amazing product. I can multi position the tablet when I read and when I write I love this product it is the perfect tablet pc for students.
R26ZKP2DYGE9YI	5.0	This is the best device in its class that money can buy	3	4	I purchased surface pro 3 256 GB / i5 few weeks back. So far it has replaced my old tablet and laptop completely. This is the best device in its class that money can buy. Once MS adds some more horse power in this device I am going to buy a dock and replace my desktop as well. Design: 5 stars for the ultra modern, ultra sleek design. It looks as if every small thing is there for a purpose. I love the new kick stand. Brilliant work MS team. Performance: Pretty good, don't plan to use it for high performance gaming though. It is responsive and you never feel any shortage for horse power for day to day activities. Applications: Windows App store is limited but catching up fast. However you have all your favorite desktop apps available which is huge thing. Pen Support: Pen along with OneNote is the killer feature. All in all a great device on a great windows 8.1 platform. MS is finally getting it right.
R1HBZ1975YQEIN	2.0	Great for six months -- then build quality problems start showing up	3	4	I bought a Surface Pro 3 six months ago just after it was released. I loved it -- a perfect replacement fr m Macbook Air. Then, about 3 weeks ago, the type cover started to deteriorate, rapidly. It is now basically unusable -- the vowel keys have stopped working, the backspace key doesn't work. Just writing these two lines has been an exercse in ntense frustration, and still words are being misspelled. You can purchase the warranty, but frankly at the price of this machine, and being advertzed as a "laptop replacement", this kind f buld quality is just not acceptable -- and getting the kebard fxed requires shipping and recevng back, i.e., time and hassle. In short -- I think the reviews are all so glowing because it really is a great machine for the first six months. And then t reachs a stage where three times a day you want to throw it against the wall, and crse yourself for ever having trusted Microsoft again.
R24P7KSCLR9H19	5.0	I purchased it as a gift for my husband and ...	2	2	I purchased it as a gift for my husband and he's loving it. It does get hot but its a tablet/computer so that's expected.
R3JFARWQKI1PAN	5.0	Best purchase!	4	5	Serves my particular needs and interest. I'm able to do things that can't do on other tablets with flexibility and style! So worth it for me.
R1I7VDKK6CMZBQ	5.0	Yes, it replaced my ultrabook which replaced my laptop which replaced my desktop which replaced my slide rule	3	4	This successfully replaced a 13.3" Acer ultrabook (i7, SSD), and the Surface has better portability and battery life. The Surface is significantly faster than its i7 predecessor, perhaps because it has twice the ram and is W8.1 vs W7. The display is so sharp and crisp that by keeping it a bit closer to my eyes I get all the satisfaction of the larger laptop screen. Comfort depends a lot upon the case you choose. Some cases reduce portability and convenience, others enhance those factors. I went for a $$$$$ leather sleeve, then discovered a $ pseudoleather folder with built-in variable angle prop and an elastic pocket for a Microsoft micro mouse and retractable USB cable. Perfect, but there is no brand on it to recommend. It's used daily as a desktop replacement or portable, so has accumulated a lot of hours over the past 30 days. I have not had a single crash, freeze, or malfunction.
R1QOQ36WP0JOYR	1.0	Touch Screen Problems	18	26	Poor quality control from Microsoft. The touch screen for many (including myself) arrives partially defective. In my case I thought it was a software issue. I was busy at the time and until I had time to figure out that the problem was hardware related, a month had passed and replacement is not possible any more (at least what the seller is telling me). The Microsoft Stores are not helpful at all and they want nothing to do with you unless you buy the unit directly from them.
R3BSPW6K7QTPE5	2.0	smiling ear to ear then smile got turned upside down harshly	3	4	Wow. Ever feature one could want in a tablet and almost for a laptop. Only feature wish was included is a dvd/blu-ray player/RW Then issues started. the 64 gb crashed. Amazon credited for this one since I chose to upgrade to 128 gb style. Battery not detected after just 2 months if that of having the new unit. Did all the troubleshooting even as far as a factory reset with USB recovery and still not working and now my time and printer defaults revolt to factory default every time I shut the unit down. The solution that is left to me is to take the unit to a Microsoft Store for repair which closes one is 1 hr and 36 mins away. No time to do so work every weekend (Friday -Sunday), taking 4 college courses, and watch 4 grandbabies age 4 and under after school every day after school (7 pm - 2 am.) No time to get to this store with the possibility to rectify problem. Very Very disappointed customer.
R3SJFLV2QLB4T0	5.0	Great tool for college	1	1	I bought it for my daughter entering college. I had the choice of buying other PCs or Macbook HD. Macbook does not compare because Surface Pro 3 has a touch sensitive screen. The stylus is very responsive. A button click on the stylus brings up MS Onenote. You can record videos and take notes at the same time. And when you scroll back the video, it brings up notes you took at what time during the video. Incredible. Wish I had the same tools when I went to college. It came with Windows 8.1. We upgraded to Windows 10. That went seamlessly. I did not need to buy MS Office 365 because the student edition was free from the university. Overall a terrific hardware and software package that beats the competition easily.
RCEV0S155HS3M	4.0	The Surface Pro 3 is a wonderful tablet, it is a wonderful lap top	1	1	The Surface Pro 3 is a wonderful tablet, it is a wonderful lap top, and the transition between the two is trivial and seamless. If you only need one or the other maybe something else would make sense. If you want both, this is your machine. I knocked it down from a five star rating because of two issues. Firstly, the keyboard is sold separately. You can only claim laptop functionality with the keyboard. And the expensive Microsoft keyboard is the way to go. Package the keyboard with the computer, and price the machine accordingly. Secondly, the one and only USB port is underpowered. If you are that concerned about battery life, how about upping power to the USB port when the Surface Pro is charging?
RRKNRKQMSC6XW	5.0	Far Better than the Original Surface Pro. A Great Device.	1	1	I think the Surface Pro is fantastic. It really does function like the TV commercial makes it appear. It moves around to whatever you are doing quickly and easily. I use a computer mostly to create data, and thus the tablet aspect of the computer is much less important to me than the "desktop" functions. And in that regard, the computer works great. I avoid the tablet, Windows 8, charms screen by using Start 8. I can go to the Tablet side of things if I want to, but everything starts and works like Windows 7. I previously owned the first Surface Pro, and sold it. The Surface Pro 3 is simply a much better device. I do believe it will replace my laptop for most of my work.
R6Y9KL9D20JZJ	5.0	Great unit	1	1	Great for travel to play back videos (about 5 hours playing back HD Video). Gets warm on the back when the process is used for video playback. So much better than the iPad - no video conversion needed since it runs standard Windows (and therefore VLC media player or Windows Media Player). Wish it had better battery life for HD video playback. I have not found a good way to make drive image backups of the SSD to external file to restore in case Windows won't boot. It does run RollBack Rx which is great - but would still want a backup to that in case something goes bad. Get yourself the keyboard as well as a slide in case and you will be good to go for any travels.
R1DZ8GHA7MGH2I	5.0	This is the Next 'Big Thing' This is a Market Killer For Sure	1	1	I've waited long enough to get this product and after 1 year I finally said to myself to just go for it and boy olé boy am I ever so happy I did. The specs are powerful and the display is absolutely Gorgeous!! It's very light weight and cosmetically engineered to perfection. Movies look insane and I'm looking forward to my gaming experience so this 8gb Ram and I5 can spread it's wings. It's incredibly responsive and it definitely turns some heads at the local Starbucks. Yes, it's pricy, but usually the best of the best is right? If your on the fence about buying, go for it and make sure to get the 8gb ram, big mistake in my opinion if you don't. I highly recommend this product!!
R1C3QQ6NFJLSRC	5.0	I think this is an excellent tablet that can easily transition between the office (full ...	1	1	I am afraid I cannot agree with all the Microsoft-haters out there! I think this is an excellent tablet that can easily transition between the office (full Microsoft Office suite) and home. My i7 512G tablet replaces my faithful warrior DELL XPS 17 that weighs over 7 lbs. The ability to use the stylus across the Office suite is an excellent utility for those of us who cannot type quickly. Why Microsoft originally tried to be "all things to all men" by producing the RT versions of this product is beyond me. The ability to pin my favorite tiles and to follow new, weather, markets and stocks is invaluable while the cross-product platforms (i.e. laptop; tablet - which wi
R5H1HKGNSN8QU	5.0	Perfect for students	1	1	+Light weight +Full Windows 8.1 included (not some lighter tablet version) +Powerful enough for everyday stuff, I even use mine for writing programs in Visual Studios and R (no problem) +OneNote integration is really convenient and help full +Touch screen and pen are really nice and accurate. Screen is also really nice to look at and very crisp picture +Official key pad is high quality +Great battery life -Touch pad on official key pad sucks -Hard drive is limited, I would get the 256 gb model Over all really great device, especially for students. This is the only thing I ever have to take to class now.
R3D5TPMDA2ONT7	5.0	Excellent	3	4	Amazing...I've tried several hybrids...but none have come close to the Surface. I only have the i3, but it's better than an i5 Lenovo laptop I had. Fast, great screen, portability is just the best I've ever seen. I've consolidated 2 laptops and a tablet into the Surface...I no longer need to carry all of that. Next up, will be a Surface dock to use standard peripherals...full size display etc when needed. For the size, it's light and slim but feels premium. I bought a type cover and I like typing on it...love the backlit keyboard, but the mouse could be improved slightly. I love the fact you don't have to charge the keyboard as I had to with my Asus. Mostly, there are ZERO flaws. Great job Microsoft!
RQOSCTG3VDGNE	5.0	A BEST PRODUCT WITH GREAT SUPRISE INSIDE	1	1	I won’t repeat all the well-deserved kudo’s. The products built in ability to connect wirelessly to a TV with HTMI is a great feature but unfortunately well-kept secret. Just click click and your Surface 3 screen is on your TV sound and all. You will need the Microsoft Display adapter for your TV or projector. As you think about it now, the possibilities are endless. WA LA, Your TV just became a PC. It is pricey but it won’t be obsolete for a number of years so your cost per year is very competitive and you will not need to change, replace or move software. It will upgrade to windows 10 free and seamlessly, another great Plus Don,
R3D3VTAXAF38VH	5.0	Makes life easier.	1	1	I had this for about two weeks. I really enjoy the compact size and laptop replacement. I notice the fan noise is a little noisy. The top right hand corner of the laptop gets hold at times. Not hot enough to burn. Great buy and best price around. Screen is just perfect for me. I really enjoy the "OneNote" surface pen feature. One click and activates the OneNote.Easy to slip in MicroSD card for extra memory storage. So far, I still have plenty of space left. Using the OneDrive, I have able to sync all my files to desktop. A nice investment for the product. A little pricey but big returns. Wish the keyboard cover is included.
R10U8Z3UVQCS2U	4.0	NIce	1	1	Likes: full windows desktop at a much lighter weight and usable as a tablet. the reviews are quite right and i will recommend the device Dislikes: 1. Pricey. 2. i hate that the touch pen doesn't scroll the tough screen...that diminishes from the tablet experience quite significantly and i have to use my hands to scroll 3. an expensive hardware like this should have come with a free 1yr subscription to office 365 especially now that the surface 3 is out, priced at a fraction of this device and comes with a 365 subscription 4. the device should have come with the keyboard free for the price
R3IPMKM9AXESEV	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	perfect device light beautiful and works perfect i wish that it's support changing hard disk
R1L84C973O7DKM	1.0	disapointed	1	1	I was a new purchaser for a Microsoft product,that being said, i had a few minor glitches,time date did not change,keyboard stopped working.microsoft could only offer to wipe my unit clean and i would loose all my data,not an option because i use it for business,ok so when i have time i could sit down with phone support wich was next to impossible to get a human on the line,and do a reset wich is when we ar e closed,i could still use the touch screen . Yesterday the unit froze ,could not use it at all, and to my amazement im out of my 30 day return period with amazon....not a happy camper with microsoft or amazon
R7QSDA9KG4UAH	5.0	The surface pro 3 is a true laptop replacement	5	7	The surface has come a long way since Microsoft first introduced it. The surface pro 3 is a true laptop replacement thanks to the excellent hardware configurations. The docking station due out this month will make it a decent desktop replacement too. As far as a tablet, it is not as simple to use as an iPad or kindle, and it is not focused exclusively on media. However it is the most productive tablet I have used by far. It is the first tablet I have used that I would actually use a stylus with for any practical purpose. I do wish the surface 3 pro were a bit cheaper or came with office to make it a better deal, but you are essentially getting a single device that is superior to most laptops and tablet. If you are in the market for both, then the surface 3 pro is a great choice.
R19NU7OA4B5LEI	5.0	Great Product for Realtors!	1	1	I bought this Surface Pro 3 to help me be more productive as a Realtor. The I3 processor is just right for the multi-tab browsing and working with documents. While 64GB isn't exactly ideal, there are a variety of cloud storage options (Google drive to name one) that work just fine, or you could use an external hard drive. The pen comes in handy for e-sign applications, but it is a bit tricky to use without a steady hand. My recommendation is to forego the Microsoft connecting keyboard and use a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse when "desktopping" and the on screen keyboard when mobile.
RDYTY89Z9E5T1	5.0	and runs Lightroom just fine. It won't replace my desktop	1	1	I bought the Surface Pro 3 to replace my three year old Android tablet for media/internet consumption and add basic photo editing capabilities (in Lightroom), to save me leaving the sofa for basic editing. The screen in particular attracted me to it over other tablets and laptops (including the Mac Book Air). It does a spectacular job, and runs Lightroom just fine. It won't replace my desktop, but it does a mighty fine job as a laptop and a tablet, and would be as much computer as many people would need on its own. It has way exceeded my expectations. Fast, smooth and very capable.
R2X71JJKVAW2CU	5.0	This is the best tablet I've ever owned	1	1	This is the best tablet I've ever owned. Not as streamlined as an iOS tablet but what you get in return is pretty much a full blown x86 processor that runs just about everything you've ever used. I use this for my freelance work for meetings and taking notes and when I'm between work It can play some games pretty well. Also it being x86 means no waiting for that iOS port of your fav classic game etc Super useful for organization, and microsoft knows what their doing with this device. Surface Pro 4 is probably gonna be an instant buy if they retain an Iris GPU.
RBL8Z9K688167	4.0	I bought this 2 days ago and love it! I use it for my grad school ...	1	1	I bought this 2 days ago and love it! I use it for my grad school (Nutrition), so since I'm not taking really hard sciences/math, it's a great piece of technology. My only complaint, and I wish I thought of this when I bought it, was that it doesn't run anything Google-like; it's all Bing ran. You can Google search, but you can't get Google Chrome, the gmail app or any Android OS apps. Also, getting used to how Windows 8.1 works (my old laptop was Vista...yikes!). All and all, I'm happy with my choice, I just need to get used to Microsoft product and not Android product.
R1D5704JGZQML9	4.0	Hot Blooded	1	1	Looking for a larger-than-ipad tablet, I researched the Surface Pro 3, and have had it about a month. Like the reviews said, it runs HOT. The right side can get very hot during pretty normal use. If you're okay with that, and can wade through some set up challenges, this can be a good tablet. The set up challenges revolve around email settings. Not real tough, but still not as easy as an iPad. I really like the stylus, and the keyboard works well for an add-on product. The OS is fast, and while the app store is not fully formed, for my uses its fine.
R3UHDIORLH53EB	5.0	yoiu will not be disappointed	2	2	a little pricey but you get what you pay for highly recommended, better than an ipad
R1JGTTHMP9H4T	4.0	Wonderful laptop and desktop replacement, keyboard is perfect, but needs better speakers.	3	4	Could be five stars if I didn't have to fix so many things the first week. About an hour of time tweeting @surface and reading the support wiki and forum solved most of my problems. Wonderful speed, size, weight, and the greatest hardware on Earth except for the display and sound. Chromebook Pixel has a better and brighter display, and the sound is incomparably AMAZING. The Surface audio is no better than a cellphone or tablet. I love that my laptop + computer + tablet are mostly air! The keyboard is wonderful, sharp, fantastic, large, and the smooth edge is wonderful to wrest wrists on. Wonderful design.
RBDBSBDAR34ON	5.0	Replaced my laptop and my iPad in one product!	1	1	I love my new Surface Pro 3! I'm still getting used to it (had it for a few weeks but haven't been able to play with it much) but what I've used so far is really cool. I am a tax preparer and this is replacing my "giant" 17" laptop. It fits in my purse (yes it's small enough and yes my purse is big enough). The only downside is the screen ratio when playing videos but that was a known issue. the picture is really clear. I do wish that Flixter would allow downloads so I didn't always have to stream but that seems to be a known issue too.
R3ITBVT5MXCUTS	5.0	I've only had it a few days but really love it so far	1	1	I've only had it a few days but really love it so far. This is replacing a 10 year old laptop and I wanted a tablet that behaved more like a laptop. The keyboard cover attaches on and off so easily. I had to call customer service to trouble shoot why my email wasn't opening in internet explorer and got someone on the phone who quickly walked me through it and gave me some tips while we were on the phone. Then he sent me an email with links to tutorials and instructions on how to make the most of my Surface Pro3. Now I just need to find time to play with it.
R1AQM12BP8FUNR	5.0	Much better than Apple products	1	1	Much better than Apple products. I love the fact that you can actually do stuff with this computer (it really does replace a laptop). I can write code for a stats software program while in bed. Heck, I can even use MS Office (like everyone else) with no problem. I can watch vids that everyone has access to (unless you have an Apple device). The only thing this computer doesn't do is make phone calls. Now, don't get me wrong, Apple produces do have lots of vibrant colors, but if you're interested in productivity and fun, then this is your device.
R3HGN03R3PP9DS	5.0	Pricey, but well worth it	1	1	Great tablet for use. I am upgrading from a "little engine that could"...former tablet (Samsung ATIV) that would get the job done as long as you are patient (I am not much). Lightning fast and incredibly capable. I haven't challenged it yet and I don't think I ever will. Great multitasker! Plenty of space and the mini-SD expandability gives great options for use. Screen is too good, if there is such a thing. Some of my poorer quality movies are a little more obviously poor quality on this. All for the best price I have found.
RRSM937M906AN	5.0	Great as a laptop or tablet	1	1	I am completely happy with this tablet. I think Microsoft got it right! I wanted a tablet-like portable laptop and that's exactly what this is. The size and form factor lend itself perfectly (in my opinion) to being used as either a laptop or tablet. It has definitely become my laptop replacement. It's fast, has a great display, and is the perfect size for my needs. The price seems a little high, but it was not a deal breaker for me. I, like many others, think the detachable keyboard cover should have been included for that price.
R49NNC0XVOS5Z	5.0	Excellent buy.	2	2	On the expensive side but this tablet/laptop is just powerful. Cannot fault it.
R3BHJV5NN8GC8L	5.0	A great tech tool	1	1	I've been using my SP3 for a couple months now. Battery life has been better than expected (4-5 hrs) under moderate use. I had owned an SP1 for about 6 months. All the physical changes (larger screen, slimmer, etc.) are very nice and add a lot of value and usefulness. Biggest surprise is how well it handles graphics for games. I play CoD MW3 and my SP3 handles it nicely (although the internal fan constantly runs during game play). It is the most expensive piece of tech that I've ever owned but it is also the most useful.
R325C3RZ4KAGEK	1.0	Camera takes blurry pictures!	1	1	The camera on the rear appears to be fixed focus and will not focus on anything closer than 3 meters. Totally useless for my application of recording measurements on various equipment via camera. I expect this from a $10 el-cheapo but not from a "Pro" that sells for $900. Very dissapointed and will never buy another Microsoft product. Edit: I have since learned that the Surface 3 (non-pro) comes with an 8 megapixel auto-focus camera and the Surface Pro 3 only comes with a 5 megapixel fixed focus camera. Go figure!
R3AT4EWI65E5MC	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	This product is so awesome that it actually has made me enjoy Windows 8.1 Pro.
RF5IKEB2B5VUO	5.0	Great for science majors!	1	1	I am finishing up my degree in microbiology and have used apple throughout college. my 2013 macbook pro took a crap and I ended up buying a used microsoft surface pro 3 intel core i5. Oh lawdy lawd! I could not believe how powerful this hybrid tablet is and for the price. It definitely took me some time to get used to the operating system but now its easy to use. The surface pro 3 are making my research and assignments easier to organize and to look up. This is a must have for science majors. This is such a great machine!
R22S5GAXQ3MBW0	5.0	Works great with Microsoft Wireless Display Adaptor to push content to ...	1	1	Works great with Microsoft Wireless Display Adaptor to push content to my Samsung (not always so) Smart TV. (Sorry Comcast, but it is one step to cable TV cord cutting.) Video and audio are in sync ... no apparent audio delay. As a tablet with a detachable keyboard, it is great. Surface will not replace my everyday-use Dell 17" laptop + 24" secondary monitor, but that is not why I bought it. OneNote and OneDrive works fine, so Surface will travel with me as the heavy Dell stays home (too sad, too bad).
R3RFJCXNA96RC5	5.0	The best laptop to upgrade from a tablet	1	1	This is the most useful laptop I have purchased yet. I initially went to a 10" tablet for ease of traveling, but found the operating system to restrictive. I purchased this unit with the i5 processor, which is faster than i can operate the commands. This unit is very transportable, clear, so far, trouble-free. I would highly recommend purchasing a protective case for it if even if you use it at home, not travel. The price is shocking, but you pay for what you get. The sticker-shock wears off soon enough!
R20EESL4EHSLTI	5.0	Make the switch today!	1	1	Best decision made for those of the fence about changing from traditional PC laptop to table/laptop. You won't regret it. We also have apple tables and they are good for somethings but not real work, like the Surface. I did get a keyboard because it's faster at times to type that way. Windows 10 does not fall short like 8 did so you'll be pleased if you're a traditional laptop owner looking for lightweight flexibility. The company shipped right away with no issues of the product.
R3FET2X2HHF8LO	5.0	I really love this device	1	1	I owned a Surface 2 (which I returned), then a Surface Pro 2,and now I have a Surface Pro 3. I really love this device. They have fixed all of the major issues that I had with the Surface Pro 2 (charging cable was hard to connect, screen size just a little too small). I highly recommend that you get the 256GB version. Until Windows 10 gets released the base OS takes up quite a lot of disk space. I also recommend buying a cheap 64GB micro SD card and using that for additional storage.
R30QAA1GQTAP0R	5.0	Love, love, love my SP3	1	1	This thing is awesome. I have had it for 2 days and absolutely love it. It does everything. Laptop replacement.... check. Tablet replacement... check. Desktop PC replacement... check. As a result of buying this, my top-of-the-line iPad Air will be going up for sale as a used item soon :) Yes, it is somewhat more expensive than iPads, especially for the higher end configurations. What can I say, you get what you pay for.
R31IOMO43XGACQ	5.0	This was a smart buy on my part	1	1	This was a smart buy on my part. Items was shipped in quick time, two days before specified delivery date, I really liked that Lo ve the colour black and silver. the kickstand is great gives the surface pro flexibility and can put it in various position as desired The stylus pen is a lovely silver and purple colour, comes with one battery. I am 100% percent satisfied with the feel, looks, functionality and flexibility I recommend with absolute confidence
R7GCFFSHWPDFF	5.0	just hat I needed	2	2	So far, I love it. Bought it to download and edit video. Works great.
RMH6YL61WXIEX	4.0	Solid purchase. Battery life was not as strong as ...	2	2	Solid purchase. Battery life was not as strong as I had anticipated.
REFH1T91PCRIX	5.0	Excellent	2	2	Beautiful device.. Best tablet that replaces your laptop as promoted
R937N55C7BPDU	5.0	Great device, like the leap forward when I got a smart phone	1	1	Proper mix of laptop and tablet. No need for two separate devices when travelling for work or play. Nice and light, Recommend buying upscale processor (i5 or i7) and RAM to get reasonable performance. The chip is power optimized which is fine for most activity and / or users, however if you perform heavy computational work on a regular basis you will still need a performance optimized kit at home in the office (I have a Haswell E rig in the office for heavy maths)
R2MLLP3W8G9FGJ	5.0	Excellent design and best of both worlds	3	4	Recently purchased and set up the table. Bought it to replace a previous 13" table. Excellent design and best of both worlds. Have been waiting for a 12" tablet that is light and has removable keyboard. This one seems to fit the requirements. Also was attracted to the light weight. My other table although it had a removable keyboard became a little uncomfortable to travel with through airports etc. If you are looking for a laptop replacement with tablet features, this just might be your answer.
R2G1KOZNLJ8G9X	5.0	all I can say is that it is one amazing PC/Laptop/Tablet. My suggestion is to use a start ...	1	1	I have been using the Microsoft Surface Pro starting with the first version. I have had the Pro 3 for 3 months, all I can say is that it is one amazing PC/Laptop/Tablet. My suggestion is to use a start menu app on any Win8.x machine, then it is usable. The price is high on these, but if you purchase a good 1080p laptop, you will pay dearly for this too. I think that the Surface Pro 3 is probably the most usable tablet on the market.
R15W2ETO2GQG5E	4.0	Great product!	1	1	Great product! A little pricey, but completely worth it. It has worked as advertised, I no longer need to carry around a laptop and a tablet. A screen protector is a must. Less than 24 hours after I received it from Amazon I noticed a small scratch in the screen, which kind of ticked me off since I had been trying to be extremely careful to keep it protected. Only other complaint is that it has only one USB port, would be nice if there were two.
R3HYBBWHR276B4	5.0	So far so good. I'd say one of the best technology created	1	1	So far so good. I'd say one of the best technology created, true to its function and design, great tablet and laptop in its form, with windows 10 its very user friendly...very useful for school, business presentation and even home entertainment with microsoft display adapter, supports 4k video too. Ultra portable and lightweight. I got a great deal for $1049 from seller bunnyroach. Fast priority shipping, package arrived in good condition.
RC6WWHOHBSLE5	5.0	Love The Hardware, Windows is Meh	1	1	I bought this device for the hardware, I'm not a huge Windows fan - while I continue working on Linux and Android, I still use Windows 8.1 for many tasks, and have found it is adequate, although Amazon for some reason doesn't support magazine reading in the kindle app, which upsets me quite a bit. Regardless, the design is great, the hardware is great, and this is a great replacement for my android tablet and netbook both.
R8J8ZFR6YQ2XO	4.0	Over all it is built excellent. A for Windows	1	1	I'm a Mac guy but wanted something that I could run photoshop with a stylus on the go. Can't always bring my macbook and tablet with me everywhere. Over all it is built excellent. A for Windows....ehh...I would prefer it to be MacOS but I guess it will do. I haven't touched windows in 14 years and trying to go back to that has been frustrating. Especially trying to sync all my emails and calendars and files. Great hardware though.
R1F14QPHW5UL82	4.0	excellent PC	5	7	excellent PC. I have never been amazed by a product like this one Pros: - faster - thinner - looks amazing. - no lag so far - excellent kickstand - excellent stylus Cons: - has only 1 mini Display port and no HDMI nor VGA. - it doesn't come with very good accessories. I love the adapter that comes with the Acer Aspir S7 which gives 1 USB, 1 VGA, 1 LAN. That is an excellent adapter that I wish - the stylus doesn't have a cap to cover its tip.
R254VRX26FLWO5	5.0	Love it	2	2	Very happy with the surface. Will probably replace my laptop
R2WFK4CRDW8FVO	5.0	Wow!	2	2	It really replaced my laptop. Works great for web developers.
R19CO3GGPFPQV4	5.0	I consider this a laptop replacement not a tablet replacement.	1	1	I did not get this from Amazon, this was work issued. I work in IT for a living and I love this laptop. I consider this a laptop replacement not a tablet replacement. I have stopped using my table since I got this but I could see people still using a tablet and this. I did retire my laptop. If you get this invest 30 minutes looking up tips and tricks online and you will love it.
R22QA1IT31PVN2	4.0	Good "laptop" and tablet in one	1	1	A capable and usable laptop/replacement for desktop computer. It's my wife's so I haven't used it a lot. Much easier to use with a mouse, not included, so get a Bluetooth along with it. Ours came with Win10 installed. It's OK but for instance, Dropbox's app for Win10 is buggy and basically useless, so we can't share Dropbox folders conveniently with other computers.
R3DC3MG4DNWWU2	5.0	Best gift to myself	1	1	Love it!!! This is the best thing I've bought. I can monitor my assigments for school here. I dont have to carry notebook I can just use the pen and use the from writing to text option and later print if I need my notes to study for for an assignment. Since the windows 10 update it has been a little slow but I bet one they do a second update glitches would be fixed.
R31PGFVHXKHFG0	5.0	My wife has an IPAD which she really liked until she saw the speed and versatility of my ...	1	1	Within 1 hour of taking out of the box, I was set-up and running with all my cloud files available and even my desktop picture from my laptop already loaded on the Surface PRO 3. My wife has an IPAD which she really liked until she saw the speed and versatility of my Surface PRO! I highly recommend for business, play or simply reading from my Kindle App. Awesome device!
RM9GW30IJAQOG	5.0	Great tablet/lap top, but if you can wait for the Surface Pro 4, I would.	1	1	I bought this for my son for college, its exactly what he needed . I would highly recommended this, especially for a college student. Although, I keep on reading that the Surface Pro 4 is supposed to be out in October, if you can wait a few months to buy one, I would wait, from what they are saying, the Surface Pro 4 will be the top of the line, surpassing the MacBook.
R2GVUG57HN7P1A	5.0	A very cool and powerful little computer	1	1	A very cool and powerful little computer. Boots quick and shuts down even quicker. It does everything my laptop can do. Only two things: it would be nice to have an additional USB port, and with most protective cases/covers you cannot access the micro sd slot because they put it under the kick stand. I suppose there was a reason but it doesn't seem to make sense.
R32CPEL44MT3DL	5.0	Much better than what I have expected!	1	1	This is the best tablet in the market. I love it, it is big, gorgeous, fast, and useful. I owned an Asus windows tablet before, and it was full of problems and still has many problems. Sometimes it freezes, and sometimes it loses the touch capacity. This is much better and pain free. I am glad that I purchased this fantastic tablet.
R2JQAGJ5ICL61P	5.0	So glad we went with this option	1	1	So glad we went with this option. Love that it's like a tablet but also a very functional laptop. Once we got office installed it's pretty perfect for what we need! And now I don't have to haul the laptop...because I broke the screen on it and it's working where it currently sits. So the laptop can stay home and the Surface Pro 3 can do the work on the road.
R2PFN05II92E6B	5.0	Awesome !!	1	1	Before I purchased the Pro 3, I made the mistake of thinking the surface was the same. It was not. I couldn't install any programs except for the applications. The Pro 3 is amazing!!! It does everything a laptop does and more. The touch screen with the pen is amazing. The 3.0 USB port is so helpful. The store is limited and most apps need to be purchased.
R1NLBY3QFZQT19	5.0	It works far better than I anticipated for a computer of its size	1	1	Coming from an Android tablet, it took a little getting used to, but in the end wasn't very hard to master. It works far better than I anticipated for a computer of its size, and continues to impress me with its many features. I would highly recommend this product to someone who is looking for the perfect combination of portability and performance in a laptop. ---UPDATE--- I've had the Surface Pro 3 for about two and a half months now, and I am still blown away. I am convinced that the Surface is the best counter-part that a student could have. OneNote, Microsoft's pre-installed note-taking software, has really streamlined my note-taking process, and additionally, thanks to OneDrive, all of my notes are in a convenient, easy to access location, so I never have to worry about misplacing them, or carrying around five different notebooks. The Surface also functions very well for entertainment purposes. Streaming movies or TV shows on Netflix is a breeze, and the integration of Xbox Live lets me stay in contact with my friends online. I run PC games on this device as well, and while it might not be a "gaming laptop", it performs pretty well for a computer of its size. There are also many apps available for download to the Surface that make the device even better, for example, the Android emulator BlueStacks allows you to run android apps on the Surface. While the Surface is amazing in most regards, there are just a few things that need to be noted. Bearing in mind that the Surface is a full PC in the size of a tablet, the battery life is not exceptional, and can only withstand about four hours of heavy usage (movie streaming, gaming, etc.). Also, Surface does tend to heat up a bit near the fan when in use, which may make it uncomfortable for some to hold. Another thing is that the type cover (which is sold separately) should be purchased if you intend on doing more than a minimal amount of typing. Despite these negative attributes of the Surface, I still hold that the Surface Pro 3 is the best device on the market for those that want the perfect balance of performance and portability in their PC.
R59NBW9PSIYZX	5.0	Better upgrade than Surface Pro 2	3	4	Husband bought this to replace his Surface Pro 2. Exceeded his expectations and loves the upgrades! Even the upgrade in the stylus keeps him enthusiastic. This means a lot since he works in the "laptop/computer" space in his profession! He keeps comparing to how great it is to his old Surface Pro 2 he gave me😄 Happy husband means more shopping on Amazon for me😄
R3VMEDUFFAMF8F	5.0	Best Surprise Gift in awhile.....Get One You'll Love It	1	1	I just received this for Christmas, but so far it does all as advertised with the greatest of ease. I love the detached keyboard, the pen for ease of writing or doing puzzles -- so great, and kickstand is so cool! The portability is fantastic because it weighs next to nothing! I've still much to learn about all its capabilities and I can't wait!
R3DB0QPKKDPSGO	5.0	Good choice for a student	1	1	Researched tablets vs PCs and the Apple MacBooks while looking for an birthday present for our granddaughter. She's a senior and heading for college next year and we thought this would more than fit her needs. She's been using it for 2 weeks and absolutely LOVES IT! It has more than exceeded her expectations. I think we made a good choice.
R22L307KR2WHWD	5.0	which I also love. Excellent battery life	1	1	This is my new full-time computer. It's powerful enough for any task, including software development. I've installed Microsoft Visual Studio and am now using this as my development machine. I also purchased the Surface TypeCover, Dock, and a Dell 4K monitor, which I also love. Excellent battery life, screen, and power in a small package.
R1W77G63IAOXNX	5.0	One device to rule them all...	1	1	My go-to device. The perfect gadget. It is powerful, comfortable, reliable and very, very flexible. I literally never leave home without it for any duration. I love that I can do application development on it - run SQL server, IIS, Dev Studio, Photoshop, Lightroom and even play games that are not graphics heavy. Amazing, amazing device.
R3PWBBE4WNH30W	1.0	fingers crossed - Very disappointed but not really surprised given it is a MS ...	1	1	Had the Surface Pro for 7 weeks - completely stopped working. Locked up the "Surface" screen out of no where, no other information. Tried everything I could find online to fix the issue. Now looking to get another one, fingers crossed - Very disappointed but not really surprised given it is a MS product.
R9TECQCYP622O	5.0	works as well as i hoped	1	1	Just got this with a type keyboard and docking station. So far so good. It is interesting because it has both an app store like a tablet, but also works like a traditional pc. It will take some getting used to the new operating system, but its working as well as I could hope. Even pleasantly surprised by the battery life so far.
R33RK7ZFYR3RKG	5.0	Absolutely Ingenious Tablet and Laptop Hybrid Device	1	1	The Microsoft Surface Pro 3 features thin and light construction, a bright and beautiful display, a generous amount of system memory and flash storage, and an exceedingly powerful processor, which delivers superb performance and long run time. The creation of such a thin, light, sleek, and exceptionally versatile device, which has the capability for both consumption functionality when used in tablet mode, and input functionality through the use of its type cover when in laptop mode, is an absolutely ingenious feat of design and engineering. The Microsoft Surface Pro 3 is one of the most novel and innovative hybrid computing devices ever created, and I give it my highest recommendation.
R4N7VZPRYGMMF	5.0	LoveIt from an apple Guy	1	1	Got a surface because I really liked their keyboard, usb and office. I gotta say it's a very nice machine and I'm very happy. It's fast, beautiful screen and the screen is giant! Plus I can do my photo editing via Photoshop on it. It's a good machine. I don't see it replacing my mini but certainly it's part of the arsenal.
R2PKMNRRHRO7NQ	1.0	WiFi issues persist on 5GHz 802.11ac	1	1	WiFi still not working right after one year. SP4 is about to come out and a microsoft employee is posting on the MS forums telling users complaining about wifi issues to "know that the investigation is ongoing." Pretty ridiculous for a product this old and very tone-deaf to the plight of the user.
R1ARZBJCWAS1AC	5.0	Must buy type cover for this to truly be a laptop replacement i love being able to easily swap from laptop mode to ...	1	1	Product as described received very fast with prime shipping. Must buy type cover for this to truly be a laptop replacement i love being able to easily swap from laptop mode to tablet mode. The battery life does leave a little to be desired but its a very powerful machine in a very small form factor.
RQMEMFJ7CV69O	5.0	This awesome little device is THE ANSWER	3	4	I have been intrigued by the iPad and other tablets, but couldn't give up the functionality of a full (heavy by today's standards) laptop. This awesome little device is THE ANSWER. It has replaced my office desktop (via the docking station) as well as my laptop. AND it doubles as a tablet. Well done, Microsoft!
R3CHV4F1YTUNTS	5.0	Fast and adaptable	1	1	I have been using my Surface as my primary software development machine for the past 3 weeks. It's very responsive, and the touch screen is great. The detachable keyboard/cover and docking station (sold separately) are easy to use. This is a very versatile device, and I highly recommend it.
R2HXK7ML18SE2Q	5.0	So far good. But I can't get Blue stacks to work ...	1	1	So far good. But I can't get Blue stacks to work so I can use Android apps. :( Trying to learn windows 8.1 gray back up and travel pc. I saw a quick what it can do vid. But I need to research the streaming to TV functions so I can do net flix and personal vids at friends and family.
R15DBSD90TBQZ0	5.0	it's awesome and everything I've ever needed and wanted as far ...	1	1	Item as described by seller, very helpful support from seller, would purchase from them in the future. As for the Surface itself, it's awesome and everything I've ever needed and wanted as far as being able to conveniently carry a computer anywhere to have fun or study with.
R2TMPX8V6NBBFN	5.0	The worlds best tablet for the high-tech tablet user	1	1	I am positively surprised how well this works! I have been able to modify (improve) it in so many ways since it is Windows 8 software! Breevy, AutoHotkey, gesture programs (surface touchscreen specific and strokeit for example) makes it the best choice for the high tech tablet user
RRRIBCGLQTO23	5.0	I bought 2 for the grand kids, 1 will ...	1	1	I bought 2 for the grand kids, 1 will only work plugged in as the battery will not charge. Tried Microsoft help to no avail. The 5 star rating is for Amazon as they are going to give a refund for the battery broke one. I will then buy another one from Amazon Prime. Thanks Amazon!
R2VHZ9TM7PH3PS	5.0	Loving it so far	1	1	I have only had it for a week but liking it more each day as I get used to having a "Laptop" that also has a touch screen. I got the mechanical keyboard with it which I think was a good choice. Will travel out of the country with it next week so that will be a real test..
R1FCDIBCM86663	5.0	Tablet that is a laptop replacement	1	1	Definitely a good laptop replacement. Big improvement over the Surface 1 and 2. Screen size and resolution are the big factors over previous builds. Fast boot times. Con: Keyboard has to be purchased separately. Keyboard is necessary for a true laptop replacement.
RN9ZYGBB68LLA	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	GRANDSON SAYS ITS THE BEST THING HE HAS
R3HDONJJUDJMJN	5.0	Love it!	1	1	I absolutely love this thing! Once you get used to how it works and adjust the settings to your liking, it beats anything else out there as a business tool, especially when combined with Office 365 and OneDrive. I have an iPad and haven't used it since getting the SP3.
R8AR61W3ZYWVE	5.0	8-months and no regrets	1	1	As a mobile app developer, I can do everything I would on a workstation right on this device. Its super thin and portable. The pen is really nice and I find myself using a good deal. If you have money to burn and need a good portable machine, get one of these babies.
R2ZMT765P3FZJY	4.0	So far so good. Like it better than my laptop	1	1	So far so good. Like it better than my laptop. Only issue is the plug to charger is too loose and takes some doing to keep it connect to the small brick so you can charge the pro.....MS needs to get a replacement fix designed and sent no charge to current users.
RERVPOM7VJXGX	5.0	Very good and as expected for my professional development work using ...	1	1	Very good and as expected for my professional development work using the pen. Using the metro interface for reading time. But still using my Nexus 7 because using a 12" tablet for all "tablet" activities is not too practical
R59DFJGKXIVUK	3.0	Gets way too hot	1	1	The top right quarter of the back of the Surface gets way too hot even with short use. And the plug detaches too easily-- it's always falling out unless you pay attention. Otherwise works fine as a small laptop replacement. Great for meetings or travel. If you find that your DVD external drive doesn't work, as I did, you'll need to buy this one. LG GP10NB20 Portable 8X Slim DVD+/-RW External Drive
R16DYS728YERT	5.0	Just what I needed	1	1	The Surface Pro 3 is just what I needed in my life. I am doing a lot of traveling right now and am still taking courses online. I have the versatility of the power of this laptop and the portability of using it anywhere I need. Great great product.
R3NNDWOA38UQZX	4.0	Easy to carry computer.	0	0	This review will end up being a combination Surface/Windows 10 review because a different operating system from those I have previously used is an integral part of the experience of using it. The first thing I did when this arrived is take advantage of the free upgrade to Windows 10. This took a while, but it was cheaper than buying it preinstalled, and there was no difficulty with the upgrade. The computer came with a charging cord, but I ordered the type cover and the charging stand also. Both click on magnetically which I think will make the attachment sturdier. The next thing I did was remove the extra charms or icons or tiles or whatever they are called. I also ordered a "Missing Manual" book from Amazon. These books are a tremendous help. One may use this computer in the "tablet" mode which is lighter weight, and many people will find that sufficient. I found setting it up to suit me easier when I used a usb mouse. Once I had it set up, I did not need to carry the mouse with me, as the touch screen sufficed. It was too frustrating to use for the setup. Using the Surface in the tablet mode with the onscreen keyboard works, but that, too, is frustrating because only the letter keyboard comes up. Since my password to even get on the computer is a complicated one, it meant a lot of switching back and forth among numbers, letters, and symbols. Another problem was that I couldn't make a separate password for the device itself, but must use the one for my Microsoft account. For these reasons, the type cover was, for me, essential. I was able to install the Word Perfect 64 bit office suite which I already own, thank goodness. I had originally planned on learning Microsoft Office, but these days that is a rental item and not cheap. Before using the Surface for travel, I made sure everything I wanted to use, such as the camera, actually worked. The photos it takes (front and back) are very good, although, obviously, it is difficult to hold in order to take a picture. When I was away from home, I discovered the camera did not work. When I was back home again, it did. Apparently the camera application resides in the "cloud" and is only available where I have Wifi. I haven't tried the other applications, and I have not discovered if there is a camera application I can download. The other feature I could not use was the NY Times crossword puzzle. If one is at a place where Wifi costs by the minute, this is not necessarily a practical machine. But, even so, with your own software installed, it is fine. The memory and storage is sufficient for installing your own software. I did not set up the mail program, preferring to go on line, read and sort my mail at my provider's site, and then download to my POP3 account when I got back home to my desktop. Although one can read books on this, so it could, in theory, substitute for a Kindle, the shiny screen was impossible to see outdoors. But my Kindle is small and fits in my purse, whereas, although the Surface is a small, light, but relatively complete, computer, it is too big for my purse. The browser is no longer Windows Explorer, but one called Edge with the same icon. On my desktop I use Firefox, but I found Edge satisfactory. I was disconcerted to find I could, after the first time, get on Facebook without typing in my password. That means I have my FB password stored somewhere, and I don't know exactly where. I don't like that. I will tinker a while to see if I can change that. I am happy with the Surface which is far and away lighter than my laptop so easier to carry in carry-on luggage. I am more likely to bring it on a trip, whereas before, I used the less convenient Blackberry Playbook in order to avoid carrying a heavy laptop. I took off a star because I think it should have another USB slot and because I would prefer a complete keyboard to come up on screen in tablet mode.
R3PYU18XPB72LM	3.0	Despite a rough start, I like it so far...	0	0	Current rating is based upon inital experience more than product usage. Will update further with product specific details once I have had a chance to try all the things I use regularly like photoshop, cad, games and such. Straight out of the box the charger didn't work. Contacted Microsoft online support to see about replacement and found out that the serial number to this is connected to their commercial side and you can not get standard online customer support. Tried to get support via the commercial "Premier Business" support only to be shut down there because you have to be given a premier access code from some special technician that handles your company support. Well, being I am not a company, despite attempts at incorporating the voices in my head, I don't have an access code. So I went for generic customer support option for "charger issues", an online option that didn't require entering my serial number. Kelly, the microsoft online chat rep confirmed that they couldn't register the product because the serial # wasn't there for personal use, but she was contacting the commercial side to request that they unregister the serial number from commercial use and then we could register it for me under personal. While she was talking to them and getting that handled I managed to somehow permanently close all browser windows and was uanble to get Kelly back. She had gotten my phone number in case that happened, so I waited for a call back. Four hours later I returned from the local Microsoft store with a brand new charger in hand and another 2 hours later, due to the battery having drained to a Rip Van Winkle level of energy depletion, I was able to boot up, log in and use my new Surface Pro 3. Still waiting on Kelly to call back 24 hours later, prosaism led me to believe I wouldn't have spent my friday night waiting for a girl to call when promised :) I attempted to register the product online just now, it still won't let me, I can't get a customer rep on the weekend and can't seem to even find an email support option for them to follow up with me later. It's chat or nothing at least from the Surface Support Contact Us link . I will try again on Monday.
R15H16MYMO3U78	5.0	You'll love it!	0	0	Best laptop and tablet I have ever owned. Super versatile, portable, and powerful. The i5 processor works great for casual and business use. Maybe upgrade if you're a big gamer, but it's not necessary for the average household user. I recommend getting at least 8GB of RAM though. Just seems to be a better investment. Add a type keyboard and you'll have everything you need without the hassle of a clunky laptop. It's such a perfect size - I can literally throw this in my purse and take it to meetings without having to deal with an extra laptop bag. But at the same time, the screen is well sized so it doesn't feel like just a little tablet for only playing apps. I wish I had had this in college instead of the giant laptops of the early 2000s! It's like the size of a notebook, maybe even smaller, and would have been so easy to carry around campus and take notes in class using the awesome OneNote program. If you have a child who is a current or future student, buy this for them! It's fantastic for traveling to, as it fits well on a plane tray table, and doesn't take very much space in your carry on bag. You can read books with Nook or Kindle or Overdrive (library) apps. Or watch movies, play games, or get some work done. I've taken it on car trips and both long and short plane rides, and it was fantastic for all three. You'll also love the USB and microSD ports. Very convenient compared to other tablets on the market. You can plug it into an external hard drive, external optical (CD/DVD) drive, or download files. It even has miniHDMI, so you can plug it into your tv. I actually did that for a PowerPoint based game at a baby shower and it was very easy to hook up. Just plug it in, hit (Windows button) + P for projection options, and you're set. You could also use it to project pictures or watch movies. I had a Surface RT previously, and this is a vast improvement. Not only is the processor way better and bigger hard drive, but there are some other features which are much more user friendly. The kickstand is my favorite. It has a super large range of motion that fits just about any sitting or laying position comfortably. I even use it to rest my Surface on the arm of the couch when I need to set it aside for a second. And the best part is that it's built in, so you don't have to buy any extra case or assemble something in order to prop it up, like you would have to with an iPad. Just push out the kickstand and you're set. The power port is also an improvement, and the cord slides in easily with a magnetic grip. But also releases if someone trips over the cord or something.
R29BSPXABKV1BX	5.0	Very happy so far - light and small and natural to use	0	0	I've been using my Surface Pro 3 for about a week or so now, and I love it. We'll see how it pans out in the longer term, but for now, 5 stars. I do a lot of traveling with my laptop, with a lot of time with it on my back in a backpack. After my recent travels, I needed something smaller and lighter, and I fell in love with both qualities in this Surface Pro. I also loved the idea for the design for 2-in-1 - I don't have a tablet and thought that this would essentially give me both a tablet and laptop. I didn't like the foldover design with keys under my fingers from other manufacturers, though those models from lenovo and other brands were cheaper (sometimes a lot cheaper). But I also need peripheries like DVD and VGA (I'm a lot in a developing country where older technologies still run around), so the costs on the Surface Pro after it was all said and done were adding up. It can be expensive! But all the other options for 2-in-1s that I was considering fell short in something important to me, so I ponied up the dough. I'm glad I did. So far, I'm impressed with the manual ease of use: size and weight, quick wake and sleep timing, ease of converting to tablet mode, being able to integrate OneNote so easily (I do a lot of work in OneNote), the pen us - and the fact that I'm carrying around my whole computer in that tablet/small laptop! A few days ago, I traveled light through the subway to ultimately use it for a projected powerpoint presentation, and just yesterday I was showing some people at a friend's house some pictures and videos, holding it in my hand and swiping along with the other - I love that dynamic interaction, and the ability to take it anywhere and be able to naturally and quickly present or record. I'm waiting for the Windows 10 release before really exploring the machine's capabilities deeply, I think the new OS will match the hardware very well. So far, I'm happy with this Surface Pro, and I'm excited about the possibilities for using it in the work that I do.
R301L7FXJQVSQ3	4.0	Great product but might not purchase again...	0	0	It is very light and compact, I don't like the idea that it is not repairable or upgradable like a normal laptop. I had some issues with it that I contacted Microsoft about, they took REALLY long with reaching a resolution but their support was great and they eventually reached a solution for me. Issues that I have had: The screen kept alternating between the desktop and the start menu for itself. Microsoft advise on updating the surface and doing a hard reset. Could have also been because of the screen protector I was using or the folio case. I changed both as well just in case. I need to see if this has really fixed my issue. There is nowhere to dock your pen. Sounds stupid until you're walking down the road and the pen falls out of the folio case and the tip of the pen gets damaged on a hard pitch road surface. The body of the pen was easily dented on the road as well, not something you want to happen to your $50 stylus. When I loaded the surface up with files, it started indexing them. This caused the CPU activity to go up and create a lot of heat. The fan comes on and you can hear it but it still isn't too loud. The other side effect to this is CPU throttling, the surface took a performance hit at the higher temperatures. This means that you also see a slowdown when you are gaming and the surface gets too hot. Very slim and with the finish, it feels easy to drop which is very scary. Didn't buy the keyboard, it was too expensive. Kind of expensive for the specs, I don't know if I would buy this again. Pros: This is a laptop replacement, you can run full desktop software on it and it is so portable. You get some reasonably good performance on it, startup is fast which is to be expected with an SSD. Programs launch quickly and are responsive. The touchscreen is very responsive and the resolution is high. HD movies are very crisp and clear, brings the touch apps to life. Battery life is about 8-10 hours if browsing or using Onenote for note taking but falls considerably if you are gaming or watching a movie. (gets very hot when watching movies)
R3KX0V3HYBH6LX	5.0	better than the yoga pro 2 13 with double the ram and i7!	0	0	After purchasing the yoga 2 pro from best buy in an open box deal, I thought I made out like a fat rabbit. It didn't take long for old bloated windows to start doing the things that old windows does best. Driver issues, random locking up or crashing, slowing down here and there. I have been a mac user since 2009 so I was very jaded and really wasn't all that surprises. Well, I went to return the $1200 mistake when the best buy guy told me to check out the surface 3. After my experience with the yoga, which had 8GB of ram, I wasn't expecting much from the surface pro 3 with 4GB of ram, and I was certainly not gonna pay more for what is to be a toy for me. After playing with it for a good 15 minutes, he told me to try it and return it if I wasn't happy. Well, I have owned it for 3 days now and I have tried to slow it down with many tabs open, steam playing wasteland 2 with everything set to high and res at 1300x720 which looks gorgeous on this screen, email, word, and a few other apps running and this thing is as silky smooth as an iPad air, not a single hang up keep in mind this is with 4GB of ram... this unit seems to be much more optimized. My employer sent me a pay app for review, I opened this file, turned the tablet around like a sheet of paper, marked it off with my pen, and sent it back to him with all my handwritten notes, I then swapped back to playing wasteland 2... I'm really digging this thing. I will say the battery life can range 6-7ish hours, but because the plug is so un-intrusive I just leave it plugged in, much like my old macbook pro . the plug is plenty long, and when I need to take it out, it will last as long as I need for sure. It also charges very fast. Cool little feature with this plug is it has room for your phone charger, so now I can just take my little brick with me knowing I can charge my tablet and phone at the same time.
R2E0ZREJ3G8LSU	4.0	Macbook Air Convert	0	0	It's been a LONG time since I have spent any time using a Microsoft Windows based computer. I abandoned the entire Microsoft platform in 2010 for Apple. As someone responsible for overseeing all of our Sales Enablement processes at my company, Apple just was better. Faster, good software and tools, excellent battery life, and excellent hardware. That was then, and this is now. I carried the aforementioned company's tablet as well. All versions up until the latest version. To me, it had become stale. A lot of great apps and works really fast, but just became stale. Not only that, but our reps were all carrying 2 different devices constantly. A MacAir Laptop and the tablet. Enter the Surface Pro 3. Now, let me say, it's NOT perfect. It seems to get warm or even hot at times, but it's super fast, the screen is absolutely amazing, and it's a full fledged powerhouse computer. I've seen a lot of "hybrid" devices, but this is by far the best of the bunch. I'm 1 month in, and there's really very little to complain about. With HEAVY use, I'm getting 5-6 hours. That means, constant email, web browsing, running videos, and all office suite software with the screen at about 80-85% brightness. It's lightweight and just works. I have read about various "bugs" and I think I did have one, but with the latest software and hardware updates, no issues over the last 2 weeks. Watched a movie in it using iTunes, and that was fine. But also rented a move with their own store and it was fantastic!!! Screen just pops. I use the pen often and that is HUGE for me. Instant access to OneNote, and his is from a pretty serious Evernote power user. I still use Evernote, but OneNote is better than I remember it ever being and most useful than before. The tablet side is very good, but still lacks a lot of the really good premium apps (full Evernote capability, a good FB app, and other business related apps that I find useful). Wall Street Journal is GREAT on this device and I use that every day. The size does not bother me, although there's no way I'd use it in tablet mode reading for any length of time. The kickstand is sturdy and love all the different positions. The TypeCover is GREAT. Backlit, it's spacious enough and responsiveness is very good. I've not had a problem with it to this point. Trackpad is "eh". It's ok, but not close to MacAir. I'd recommend it to anyone, and will be doing so for my reps in the field that need to take notes on the fly and want both a laptop but also a tablet that is reliable and snappy. Nice job Microsoft! And that's not something I ever envisioned saying a few years ago as I thought they were just dying on the vine with their hardware.
R1JAFO6TDN17Z4	4.0	Bought for my mother who likes it.	1	1	Bought this as a gift for my mother and she loves it but she is getting used to windows 8 and gets frustrated at times. But she likes the portability of this tablet and it is a full working windows computer that is compact and has many ports on it.
R1CMXCTYLXPCHP	4.0	Semi-Impressed, but a lil' heavy and large for Tablets	2	3	Eh, it's not bad, but doesn't come with a keyboard!?! Boom, you're in for another 100 bucks or so. HAD to purchase a cover/protective case, too ... see where this is going? Expensive!! Especially expensive for what it is, too. I rarely undock it and use it as a full blown tablet anymore. I felt I'd wait a month or so and let the 'new-ness' wear off before laying a review down. I pulled it out, turned it on (like a kid on Christmas morning EXCITED!) and went through the setup, comes with a bluetooth pen, set that up, joined a network and {POOF!} you're in! Windows 8, didn't take too long to get up 'n going. Now what ... !?! I mean, Windows store looks pretty sad coming from an Apple and Android device user. Not much worth messing with, but I downloaded a few games and test drove this guy. Ugh! The tablet is a bit large for tablet use. You get used to it, but it's wonky and clumsy IMHO. I docked it to the keyboard within a few minutes of playing. Eh, it's a highly mobile laptop. Rarely used it as a tablet since, really. I have other lower priced, high quality tablets that do more and feel better in my hands. Well now ... For the word the tablet feels of high quality and looks great. But still, I feel it'll most likely take a back seat to my iPads and Androids. Sorry, but it has ... I like the keyboard/dock/cover, it's nice. Nothing to write home over, but good nonetheless. I purchased a 128gb micro SD card for it right away. Came in the mail powered the tablet down, popped the card in and VIOLA! I get another 128gb of space to ... install ... I don't know, movies, Office? Pft! I played a few movies, looked great. Yay. I went a few weeks on Windows 8 before downloading n' installing Windows 10. Why not. Works a lil' better in Windows 8 as a tablet (annoying metro screen), but Windows 10 is getting there. By the way I had no problems with Windows 10 install. Went smooth. WiFi is noce and strong, tablet speed seems pretty snappy, no complaints here ... I wanted to put it through its paces as a gaming device! Ha! I downloaded Steam to put a few games on it, attached a gaming mouse and started off with an old game called Far Cry. Wanna see if play something classic. Well, I mean it played it, it worked ... but I had to lower the game settings to really enjoy. Didn't take long for me to realize this was a waste of a tablet purchase. This isn't what it's designed for. Hmmm ... I'm an IT guy and Tech geek, but I just don't feel this tablet fitting my "needs" unless I'm planning on releasing my desktop, laptop and "maybe" my cute lil' HP Stream Windows 8 tablet. Well, that sounds about right. It very well, could possibly replace all of those. But ... it's not replacing my iPad and Android devices by any means. I would use this as my work laptop/PC/travel device. This'll get taken to work and implemented into my office environment nicely. Not really using it at the house now. Might update this review ... When my corporate office releases Windows 10 as our OS standard for use. There ya' go.
R1PF9ZCJHV3RF4	5.0	A Very Good Choice -- informed by experience and needs	2	3	Assuming you have researched into what the i5/128GB machine can and cannot do well, I have found this machine 90% - 95% exactly right for my needs and expectations of the computer. Permit me to comment. First, I had read many reviews on the various Surface Pro 3 configurations, and determined that the i5/128 GB model was the one for me. Second, I have found this model of Surface Pro 3 runs MusicReader 4, as well as Windows 8.1 and Windows 10. For heavy duty audio/video editing and work, I utilize a custom-built by ADK machine. The "tablet" machine I purchased, however, needed to give me a very clear screen presentation of musical scores with MusicReader. At this point, it appears that my choice of a MS Surface Pro 3 i5/128 computer has been just right. Due to the SP3's cost, I needed to have my "tablet/portable computer" do more than provide a superior screen rendition of musical scores. This SP3 configuration runs the Microsoft Home 365 subscription, with all the applications, just fine. I am confident, too, from what I have read, tha,t short of real-time video editing (I do that with ease on my desktop PC.), virtually any app or fully implemented piece of software I might need will be supported by this machine. (I would also add for professional musicians that, in video demonstrations I have watched, up to 40 audio tracks -- both in- and output -- can be supported by this computer. With respect to creating semi-pro "stems" to bring into a more fully outfitted studio, it is hard to imagine anyone less than a professional producer/engineer needing more to create at least the first draft of a professional release.) I hope this helps all who are considering purchasing this fine computer. I utilize a 128GB USB 3 stick for backup storage, and that is enough for my professional, musical needs. In addition to that, there is a port for SD card for additional memory. My best to all musicians, and those considering this computer. dt
R1EPZIIGKRTORO	4.0	Software is great but needs a few band-aids, hardware is phenomenal	2	3	The Surface Pro 3 is a fantastic device. Surprisingly thin and light. Off-the-shelf but after automatic updates, the Device Manager contains devices with no drivers, or with driver errors. It seems to get an update every day or so - Microsoft is clearly active in updating the software, and I expect those will be resolved in the coming months. The pen is only moderately good, I would consider it merely "acceptable". There's nothing that upsets the drawing experience, but it isn't impressively accurate, responsive or anything else; it only just meets requirements. If you're a professional artist and can afford to have a dedicated drawing tablet / tablet PC, I'd recommend a Wacom. Otherwise, this tablet will work great for artists on a budget who also need a reasonably powerful computer and great portability. Bluetooth connectivity seems to be problematic, probably due to drivers. - bluetooth speakers often work, but sometimes produce garbled and skipping sound regardless of CPU / bluetooth usage. - my bluetooth mouse refuses to automatically connect and needs to be re-paired every time I use it. Both of these devices work as expected with all other computers. The SD card slot was randomly non-functional (something related to waking from sleep). The problem was solved by replacing the original driver with a generic driver. Microsoft is also pushing out a lot of firmware updates - so far, the touchscreen firmware can't be updated (known issue by Microsoft), but I expect an update will resolve the issues any day now. The device has issues with sleep states too. Hyper-V keeps getting pushed/installed from Microsoft Updates, and I've had to uninstall and reinstall it twice (under "Add/Remove windows features"). Hyper-V, depending on how things go during its automatic installation, can disable the connected sleep state, leaving the tablet to drain itself every time it's unplugged. After fiddling with Hyper-V and power settings a bit, I now have Hyper-V installed and the "Connected Sleep" functionality at the same time. (see "powercfg /a"). No other sleep states are supported, and even power profile states like "High Performance" are missing. According to Google, there is no solution to this - the CPU Performance setting under power profiles is missing, so even hacks to enable the "High Performance" profile are unable to affect CPU Performance. I'm honestly not sure if it even matters - I get good performance, and good battery life during "Connected Sleep", so maybe everything is as intended. Last, this tablet is nearly identical to a Surface Pro 2 with the same stats. The Pro 3 is lighter, thinner and has a larger screen, but with my good vision, I might actually prefer the smaller, less expensive tablet. The Pro 2 can fit in my purse, not the Pro 3. Also, the Surface 3's stand is adjustable to any position, including very shallow angles. The hinge is too stiff, making for a fairly clumsy operation when you've got the Surface Keyboard, the power supply, the pen and a cup of coffee on your desk, while you're trying to yank that stand open without disturbing your workspace. The Pro 2's cover snaps open a lot more smoothly and with less effort, but only supports 2 positions. Despite all of my complaints, the hardware on this is SOLID. It's strong and dense, absolutely nothing about it feels cheap, from the user experience to the physical feel of it. The keyboard always snaps in place correctly, the charging port is robust, the ports are tough. For being a primarily software company, Microsoft really nailed the hardware. Aside from the deeper details of drivers and power management, this tablet runs incredibly smoothly. My first Surface Pro 3 had a defect in the screen - a chip of glass had gotten between the screen and the digitizer, which are permanently bonded to each other. It caused the typical swirly colors that happen when you press on a screen too hard. I sent it back and got a replacement without much issue. Overall - a great purchase. If you're comparing, you only have a few alternatives - a gaming laptop, with better graphics, more power and considerably more weight, a netbook or cheaper tablet with less power for basic web browsing, or a Surface Pro 2 for the same power and build quality but will fit in a smaller carrying case.
R38UP6Q29NOL3M	5.0	Take a bow MS you finally nailed it!	2	3	This tablet did for me what no other Windows or Android tablets have been able to do...get me off my iPad. I have been waiting for a tablet like this for years. I can't put this thing down! The Asus Transformer I had was slow and just a large toy. Then I bought the Dell Venue Pro 11 and that was a nightmare piece of garbage. Previous Surfaces were OK but the ipad's 4/3 aspect ratio is just so much better for portrait mode. I really think the 16/9 aspect ratio is only good for watching video or large monitors for split window viewing. It's useless for a small tablet. So along comes MS with a great compromise, the 3/2 aspect ratio. This works very well with a 12" tablet. The build quality is amazing. The screen is just as nice as the retina display that apple uses. It really feels very sturdy and looks gorgeous. I got a case for it but I don't use it because this just feels so good in my hands. It's very fast and I've had no issues with it in the 3 months I've had it. The active stylus works great. I didn't even know I needed one till I had one. It has many great features like flicking forward or backwards while web surfing or up and down to page up and down. This is not like those cheap rubber tipped ones that just replace your finger. This is a great laptop replacement as well. With Windows 8.1 64 bit it runs everything a laptop can run. It's not a gaming tablet but it can play most games that don't require dedicated video cards. My only knock is that the keyboard is not included. It is a must have and it works great. The back lighting is nice and it doubles as a screen protector/case. The trackpad works great and the key travel is very good. I was surprised how great it works. You can't go wrong with this tablet and Apple better take notice. What an improvement over the Surface 2, I can't wait to see what MS does with the Surface Pro 4.
RR5BBOQZOD6R3	5.0	Truly shocked how good this is	2	3	First let me state my biases. I am a long term Windows user, not out of any real love, but out of habit and necessity. I have an Android phone for which I do have real love. I dislike Apple though I admit it's more out of rebellion against the hipster hype than anything else - I can objectively see how they make beautiful products. When my ancient PC laptop died last month, I started researching for its replacement. I NEEDED something that could handle serious work (I'm not designing rockets or anything but I do create big spreadsheets and image-heavy presentations with lots of programs open all the time). I also NEEDED something that had a decent sized screen but that was also fairly light and portable. But I WANTED a tablet type interface with a touchscreen for my personal / fun usage. I looked at high-end ultrabooks, Macbooks, and the Surface Pro 3. With some trepidation, I pulled the trigger on the Surface. I resigned myself to another blah but at least predictable Microsoft experience. Boy, was I wrong. After two weeks of using it, I cannot believe how excited I am about a Microsoft product. Here are the things I like the most: - It is beautiful in sleek silver and black, unlike its predecessors. - It has laptop guts. The Intel i5 an i7 processors are fast enough for most people's work needs. - It has a large screen for a tablet, but is very light for a laptop. I find that I really can use it in both ways with ease. - The pen feels and writes like a real pen with the right friction and ability to rest your palm on the screen like you would on paper. The top button opens up the included Notes app with one click even if the computer is locked (you can write a new note, not read old notes when locked). You can also buy a wonderful app for 4 or 5 bucks that lets you create and mark up PDFs using the pen. For the first time in my life, I am paper free and take all notes electronically. - It boots from total shut down in 10 seconds. I couldn't believe it! - I know there is disagreement here, but after using it, I actually like Windows 8.1! I like being able to use the traditional desktop and with one tap, go to the new-style Start screen that is more like a modern phone or tablet that's fun to use. You can pin almost anything to that screen, not only apps but also pictures, individual contacts, live weather and news tiles, folders, even specific webpages. There are some cool new touch actions, including being able to swipe in from the left edge to drag back recently used apps, which you can snap into half the screen as well as the full screen. - I purchased the Office suite and it comes with 1 TB (Terabyte!) of free space on OneDrive, the MS Cloud storage. That's plenty of space for me to use it as backup space instead of external drives or paid backup services, and I'm also using it to transfer large amounts of files from other computers instead of messing with USB cables. It also lets me automatically backup camera roll pictures from both the Surface and my Android phone into one combined picture folder on OneDrive. - The Music app without a hiccup imported all my itunes music and even my itunes playlists and allows me to listen to it all on my Android phone. Finally! Liberation from the shackles of itunes / ipod. Of course it isn't perfect. The keyboard is somewhat flimsy if you're comparing to a laptop and the mousepad just isn't precise enough for some fine-tuning things like resizing or dragging small text boxes. And you have to pay extra for the keyboard which sucks. The Windows Apps store is currently pretty bare compared to Apple's or Android's. And you just get the feeling that Microsoft hasn't quite figured out the laptop / tablet or work / play or old school / new school hybrids yet and once in a while you feel the Frankenstein nature of it. But all in all, this is very good and a unique offering in the market if it's what you are looking for.
R1KXXNMCBPZ902	4.0	what a nice designed product	1	1	what a nice designed product. now that i have a surface, i never use my ipad anymore. my only complaints are that the battery seems to run down quickly and that the usb port cannot power an external dvd drive (i needed to buy a powered usb hub).
RPWP8BMHIMLTA	5.0	Laptop, tablet, pc all in one.	1	1	I love my new Surface Pro 3! It does completely replace both my tablet and laptop. It is very light and looks great. Used to have an apple and don't miss it anymore. It's nice to be able to customize my computer and leave the flock of sheep.
R2U7SZWX3U1K5U	5.0	Best portable device I've ever used.	4	6	I was in the market for a smaller laptop that I could use daily to take to work. My main PC is a 17" Sony, and it's a powerful machine but it's a beast to take with you. As a teacher, I wanted to be free from the desk with the school's meh computer. The SP3 has freed me from the chains that shackled me down. As a teacher though, I still wasn't quite ready to splurge for a better model, so I got the base 64gb i3 SP3. I also bought a 128gb microSD card for storage, which works perfectly well. I still have about 20gb free after Windows 10, MS Office, and a few of my other favorite apps. I purchased the type cover separately, and it's a must. As a laptop, this thing is great. The incredible resolution on the screen makes it so that you can fit multiple apps side by side quite easily and have no problems seeing what you're doing. The new design for the type cover makes it functional in your lap as well, although as a big guy with huge thighs its easier for me. The better hinge on the Pro model is excellent, it feels sturdy and solid. Only downer is that popping it out is a bit tricky for a chronic nail biter. The keyboard itself is rad, although I dislike that you need an Fn key to perform alt+F4 and other F-key commands. The backlight is great, and the keys are well sized. It's a little bit cramped, especially if your hands are chunky, but I've been writing about 1000 words a day on it with minimal errors. The most common mistake is hitting Caps Lock accidentally. How would it work as a tablet? I can say it's divine. I've put it through some unique situations: Grading student presentations from the back of the room as they go to the front of the class, in bed watching Netflix and browsing the web, broadcasting PPT presentations, as well as basic file management and PC stuff. It works wonderfully. Touch is extremely precise, with even tiny menu buttons being easy to hit. It remembers where you hit last so if you're trying to hit the same spot again it gives you some help. But it really shines because of the Pen. What can be said about the Pen that hasn't already been said about Kate Upton? It's absolutely perfect. Whoever thought of the click feature to open Onenote should get a huge raise and a nice vacation. It impresses everybody every time. Writing is totally natural, and resting your palm on the screen has no negative effects. My crappy penmanship is perfectly preserved on the SP3, I even compared it to my handwritten notebooks and it looks almost identical. There's no slowdown and it's great at adjusting precision according to speed. If you slow down and write tiny, you'll get great results, just as well as if you're writing a quick thought on the fly in big letters. The erase/select buttons on the pen are useful, and the function as right click and select on the desktop, which is very handy. The Pen's clip is perfect and reminds me of the old Paperclip guy in Microsoft Word. You can hook it onto the type cover's little depression, or even onto the kickstand, and there's a magnetic spot in the lower left hand corner. My only gripe is that the magnetic clip is hidden when in laptop mode, but I get that if you put it up top, the pen would swing down and it might think you're writing with it. If you get this model you have to get an SD card, I threw most of my music and documents on it and have plenty of room to spare. Change your Windows settings to save all new files on the SD card and the only thing you'll need the small C drive for is apps, and even those you can usually install on the card. Don't worry about the storage size. The i3 processor so far hasn't let me down, although when I have 8 main apps open at once it does start to lag a tiny bit. Close a couple and it's back to flying fast. It got a little sluggish when doing a lot of file transfers at once, but that was only on day 1 setup. Netflix in full HD was no problem. All I can say is if you were thinking about a new laptop 13" or under, don't get it. If you were thinking about any Macbook Air or iPad, don't get it. Spend a little more, and get them all in one easy to use device. I'm still finding unique ways to use my SP3 and it's made me far more productive and efficient both at work and at home.
R1PZFAR7BJ9DZE	4.0	Will replace your laptop.	1	1	Performs well, replaced my old laptop and so far it's a true laptop replacement. Type cover 3, mini display port adapter to VGA, HDMI, usb ethernet adapters are a must however (all sold seperately). 2 USB ports would have been marvelous.
R3TH5KMU04ILL8	5.0	Fantastic. How could I live without it for so ...	1	1	Fantastic. How could I live without it for so long?! An ipad that is a full computer .... unbelievable. This is my second Surface. (A goft to my daughter.) I'll give my wife one as well Thank you Amazon Heitor
R13P9FPRE6GBRM	5.0	... ipad with this for school and it has been amazing! you will not regret buying this	1	1	replaced my ipad with this for school and it has been amazing! you will not regret buying this. It has a very premium feel and is worth every penny if you are serious about work and school. I do no regret buying this and you will not either.
R2DRQQ3JEKEAUZ	1.0	Wifi problems - otherwise awesome.	8	12	Update: The unit has developed Wifi problems which Microsoft cannot fix. It's now an intermittent connection, making all online activities frustrating. It's frustrating to use for Skype, webmail, netflix... everything. I've stopped using my Surface. Therefore 5 stars down to 1. Fix this Microsoft! :-(. I love this thing and you will too- but only if you get the whole package! My needs: My eternal frustration is the pain of having messy mountains of notes in paper legal pads, not being able to fully edit stuff on my android tablet, and then having most of the stuff on my laptop which I don't have with me most of the time. This thing finally pulls together my paper notebook, desktop, and laptop so 100% of everything is at my fingertips and searchable 100% of the time. Such a time saver and stress reducer! First, let me say that I only love it because I paid for the docking station and the keyboard; it's nothing without. I work in an office where I'm in meetings 3-4 hours a day and traveling about 30% of the time. I take this with me to all meetings and jot notes with the pen. I've become addicted to OneNote, and don't miss the stress of desperately flipping through pages of pads to find what I wrote months ago. (the pen works - it's the third stylus device I've owned and by far the first I found smooth enough to be useful- the hardware & software are both excellent - google about the 2 layer screen). When needed I flip it out keyboard and write. It's just easy. Finally, it's nice to always have my full computer available to effortlessly pull up info in the middle of the meeting. Oh- and bootup takes about 5 seconds including opening OneNote with the stylus button (that one-click open is absolute genius!). It's about the same as opening a journal and clicking a pen. It's just easy. As for a computer? The standalone laptop function works well enough - like the old netbooks. I type just fine on the keyboard, but it doesn't hold a candle to modern Dell or Lenovo business machines. Good for an hour meeting or an afternoon at the coffee shop? Absolutely. Would I be happy with it as standalone laptop replacement? Nope. But that's where the docking station comes in! As soon as I return to my desk I just plop it into the docking station, which is on a 10" laptop riser (lift). I have a 24" 1080p articulating monitor, logitec wireless keyboard & mouse. The overall result is better than the last desktop I had. It just works. Finally, the under 2 lb. light weight is a lifesaver over the previous 6 lb. Dell I had. When I include the chargers of both it's about 5 lb lighter- absolutely a life changer when traveling, especially with connections. I'm a average fit 5'10" guy, but throwing 8 lbs comp & charger in the bag & walking around for hours in airports... was just killing me. I can hardly feel this thing in the bag - even with the little charger. (Battery life is good for me (better than most laptops I've owned), but a full charge takes about 4 hrs). Also - the screen is delightful. See it before you buy something else - very high res, very good contrast, viewing angle, good color saturation... If you preview this unit, then go look at a Note 4 phone; this is almost that good (assuming that you don't sit 8" from your comp screen). Best screen I've owned by far and among the top on the market. IMHO, the saturation & contrasts is better than Macs. (Tiny side note- If the screen breaks, screen repair is, according to some online reviews, really difficult). If you just want a gaming computer this isn't it (although the i-7 beats other netbooks in benchmarks). If you want a netflix machine then get something cheaper. This to me is a tangible life quality & organization improvement - but without the docking station & keyboard don't bother. If you're not willing to splurge for the docking station and if you don't currently want to replace paper note taking then just spring for a slightly cheaper Yoga. Final note: if I had the budget, everyone in my office would have a Surface 3 Pro w/ docking station & separate monitor.
RHFR70S90USTH	3.0	Digital Artist? BEWARE. Generally good, but there are a few issues.	10	15	What's keeping me from fully enjoying the Surface Pro 3 and giving it 5/5 (really wish I could) are two glaring issues that, had I known beforehand, I definitely would NOT have purchased this until Microsoft released a later model correcting them. Two big oversights any artist considering buying this need to know: - The Surface Pro 3 pen is NOT CUSTOMIZABLE. The eraser button cannot be remapped to function like an eraser, and when it comes to Photoshop work, this is a killer. "Use Wacom" or "consult Youtube for a complicated workaround" are totally unreasonable, as they pretty much defeat the original reason I bought this hardware. The only reasonable solution is to have Microsoft produce some good driver/firmware updates that allow full customizability of the pen's buttons. Currently, the eraser button only opens OneNote, one of the side buttons must be held down AND you must tap on the surface to right-click, and the other button must be held down to erase (this is all in Photoshop). Seriously? That configuration is insulting to those of us having become used to Wacom's far more logical buttons on their styluses. - The screen glare is pretty ridiculous. I can't work in any setting that is either too bright (a.k.a. anywhere with just a reasonable amount of natural sunlight), nor can I work anywhere with a light directly overhead. The glare really just prevents me from accomplishing the digital art work that I need to. And if I angle the Surface towards me (set it on its stand), I can't be wearing anything bright (a white shirt or my own face will definitely reflect off the surface, especially when drawing with darker colors. Hmmm... is Microsoft trying to turn us into real zombies/vampires? (Honestly, half of us probably already are afraid of direct sunlight... haha). Anyways, I felt like these are big issues keeping me from giving this a 5 out of 5. I still give it a 3, because honestly, besides these glaring oversights, it's still a beautiful machine. Shame I can't give it a full rating, really want to. So yeah. For those of you who are OK with these issues, definitely get this device. Otherwise... wait until Microsoft releases some updates first!
R1QGGP8CK3ZZD7	5.0	Great for a software developer	2	2	The best laptop/tablet I ever had
R3TL33HOGYQC1K	4.0	Big improvement from Surface Pro 2	0	0	Although the Surface Pro 2 "works" it wasn't any spectacular and couple with the high price point, it just wasn't worth it. With the Surface Pro 3 it's a different story. Although still expensive, the improved spec somewhat justifies the higher price but still a expensive. The biggest key difference is that the Surface Pro 3 has a bigger and higher resolution screen. The adjustable kick stand works okay on a flat hard surface but can tip over if you try to balance it on a bed or some soft surface. Performance wise, although the model I purchase only had 4GB of RAM it wasn't bad.l. You don't notice any degradation in performance with light duty application, and playing HD movies was real smooth. Storage wise, the 128GB (lot less due to the recovery partition) was not that important to me as I had a 128GB MicroSDXC card. Ignoring what people say about ppi, all I will say is that this screen is beautiful, crisp and very clear. I had no problem with the touch screen and the stylus was very responsive. You will probably still want to buy a keyboard (you can't use the Surface Pro 2 keyboard); the design it's almost the same as the previous model except the updated keyboard has a stylus holder. Wish list for the Surface Pro 4; - price should be at least $100 lower and include the lighted keyboard. - one USB port is not enough; it should have at least two. - should come in different colors, maybe a white and gray option. - battery life should be at least 7 to 8 hours of typical use (currently I can only less than 5 hours with streaming Netflix/AIV at about 85% brightness)
R2M034NOYDT412	5.0	Extremely powerful and sleek PC!	1	1	The most powerful piece of technology I've owned yet! Opening and closing apps and programs is so fast and snappy. Best of all, it runs Adobe Photoshop FLAWLESSLY and has a perfect balance of performance and power consumption!
R1T0DE355J9OJ3	5.0	I love this thing	1	1	It is a fantastic alternative to a laptop, only complaint is the price of the accessories, I just spent a grand on this only to need $500 for the accessories? Also get the insurance, it's worth it if you drop it like I did.
R202928YG2KU0F	5.0	Works great as a PC and a tablet and a laptop	1	1	Just the right size. Powerful enough. Basically unlimited storage with OneDrive. I use it with an LG ultra wide at 3440x1440. Works great as a PC and a tablet and a laptop. One note is great for hand written notes. Love
R3KAG8MS8WZW1J	4.0	the fan goes on full blast and can be really annoying - but it's a great machine	1	1	It can run hot, and once you have a few things open, the fan goes on full blast and can be really annoying - but it's a great machine. I do have some performance issues though; I'd go with the 4, now that it's out.
R1SXJMN1IVTG7C	5.0	Great machine! Replaced my notebook computer and will migrate ...	1	1	Great machine! Replaced my notebook computer and will migrate away from my iPad. Connected the Pro 3 to a USB hub and have everything I need for a home workstation! Microsoft, believe it or not, got this right!!!
RJFE4G1ROF8TV	5.0	Great item for the techie in your life	1	1	This was my husband's Christmas present and he loved it. He loves anything techie ! But it is everything it says it is. I would recommend getting a cover for it so no accidents occur with the screen.
R3LDV9REIVEUWZ	1.0	Great device, Great OS	1	1	Don't get a surface running windows 8 and take the free Windows 10 upgrade. It is incredibly buggy... I wish it weren't too late to return this. Great device, Great OS, they just don't work together.
R2I7DPK8E1KPQ3	5.0	Sweet spot between tablet and laptop	0	0	I usually work with Photoshop, Premiere and After Effects. I bought the Surface to allow me to work while not at home. So far it has exceeded my expectations. The processing power is enough for me to do most of my work. It's a versatile device, as I can also use it as a graphics tablet. As an owner of an Intuos 5, the Surface can be really useful. While the grip is not the same as in almost any graphic tablet due to the glass surface, it has the added ability of being able to draw on top of the application. The only cons I can think of are the heat and battery life. It can quite hot while on intensive use (or sometimes by just watching an HD movie) although it never got to bother me as it's mostly located on the upper right side and I almost never have to hold it from there. Baterry life is a little more annoying. If you are going to use for more than just a tablet, it's likely that the device will last 5/6 hours. It's propietary charger makes things more complicated than located. Although it's not that different as any other ultra book. The Surface Pro 3 manages to be on a sweet spot between laptop and tablet. If you want a tablet but want to create content instad of just consuming. If you need a laptop but want something more versatile to consume media, this is the device for you Remember to buy the type cover. It should be included on the Surface, even if it rise the price as it's another different device entirely with it
R2GETU7BAG056O	5.0	AWESOME PRODUCT: COMPLETE OFFICE SUITE	1	1	AWESOME PRODUCT: COMPLETE OFFICE SUITE, COMPLETE NERO 2014, LIGHTROOM, CC CLEANER, MEDIAMONKEY, SOS ONLINE BACKUP, DAP, ALL THE WORK DONE ON THIS LITTLE WONDER. THE KEY WORD HERE IS MOBILITY.
R1SZ2PIDHURNB6	4.0	A well-built tablet with room for improvement.	0	0	This comes with only the Surface Pro 3 with the pen. It is pre-installed with Windows (probably 8.1 - Sept. 2014). You'll have to buy Office or other software separately. The tablet has a kickstand. I recommend a keyboard if you want to do much typing. The keyboard that pops up on the screen blocks a lot of the screen so you can't see what you're typing. If you buy a keyboard, it'll protect the screen so that you don't need a carrying case really. I bought a carrying case and keyboard. The case just makes it hard to access power button, Windows button, etc., and I can't use the kickstand with the carrying case. Overall it's nice tablet. I'd buy a cheap glove or glove liner for using the pen. Because it's a tablet, it will detect the side of your hand on the screen while you're writing. This causes extra pen marks from the side of your hand. Using a glove protects the screen from scratching a prevents a lot of the extra marks. I like this tablet for its weight and ease of use. I've had it lock up on me a couple of times and have trouble syncing with OneDrive. OneDrive or something like it is necessary with only 64 GB of storage. I've had convertible tablets (rotating screen for writing) that I liked better because of the hand issue I mentioned above. I think this is a good step in the right direction for computer/tablet combos. There is definitely room for improvement, but I don't think you'd be disappointed if you buy this.
R1O0OOSAEIGU6X	1.0	I had great expectations but	0	0	I have ordered my Surface Pro 3 before the item is launched. I had great expectations but, overall, I am disappointed with the device. Let me start with pros: PROS: (1) Super light weight: Frankly, you do not feel like there is a laptop in your bag. (2) Super thin: Thicker than a tablet but definitely one of the thinnest devices that has 8GB RAM and i7 processor. CONS: (1) Overheats: After the first month, I had the over heating issue. When the device is hot, it is not easy to write on it. So I cannot use my pen to take notes during my meetings even though there is only 1 browser with 1 tab open (and also OneNote to take the note on). However, as I noted below this may be due to the 3rd generation aof the processor, Surface Pro 3 has probably the new generation one in the new Lot #s. (2) Yellow Tilt : there is a yellow tilt on the left hand side of the panel. It is not very common but definitely I am not alone in this issue. The yellow tilt is the sign of the glass being separated from the screen. Customer services: I will not get a brand new device. They will send me a refurbished one. Hoping I will not have the same issue, but my warranty will expire in a month. I guess the problem is due to the 3rd generation of the Intel processor. Now, I believe Surface Pro 3 has the new generation, which has less heating problem (and as a result, no yellow tilt in future)
RKLRWQO6D0EE6	5.0	Combining Laptop and Tablet Functionality - So Far, So Good	1	1	I am enjoying the tablet and laptop features of this device. My plan is to transition away from a laptop and use my Microsoft Surface device exclusively. So far, I have only good things to say.
RAO1HTRWV1PYK	4.0	This table is a good product, however be aware that the USB port ...	1	1	This table is a good product, however be aware that the USB port is underpowered. It does not have enough power to run the external DVD drive to load programs. This needs to be addressed by Microsoft.
RO46TVFFDPERZ	5.0	Love my Surface	1	1	As someone that spends tons of time killing time such as at kids sporting events, this is the perfect tool. With the keyboard I can get work done in the car or in a chair and not just checking emails.
R1XYDEU5418Z9A	5.0	Fantastic product to boost your productivity!!!	2	3	I've been using this tablet for about a year now, and I must say it has increased my productivity. Having the detachable keyboard is definitely the way to go. Wish it wasn't so expensive, but other than that it's been a pleasure using. The only thing I really dislike is microsoft's windows 8.1 on it. I really do love windows 7 on my desktop computer but I've learned to deal with window's 8.1's shortcomings on this tablet. I haven't made the jump to windows 10 yet and I hope that solves most of the minor annoyances. I highly suggest you also purchase the keyboard and docking station as those make this a very effective package. Build quality of the tablet is really heavy duty but not so heavy to carry around. It feels very durable and yet still sleek. Typically this is what I'd expect from Apple products but Microsoft has really "wow'd" me with this product. I use this tablet daily and the battery life has been superb, I easily get a whole day out of it if I am not using it intensively but more as a browsing the internet kind of day. Also I love how the screen is extremely sharp. I've been recommending this to my tech savvy friends and while they may laugh at my admiration of this microsoft product, it's been great for internet browsing and simple office work. In other words, it's boosted my productivity tremendously.
RNBJODF3Z9J34	4.0	Computer works fine but windows 8 is very hard to get used ...	1	1	Computer works fine but windows 8 is very hard to get used to. Its not very intuitive - its like we are back to DOSS with pictures and no place to type commands. It would be better with windows 7.
R2ETUM8DTC9XZX	5.0	Most versatile tablet on the market	1	1	I purchased the Surface Pro 3 as an upgrade to my Surface Pro 2 and was amazed by the notable difference in size, display clarity, and especially the performance. I highly recommend this tablet.
R1VERDW7FEC4X6	4.0	A Very Good, But Not Quite Great Laptop/Tablet Hybrid	0	0	After using it for a month, I like this a great deal. Don't 100% love it, but like it a lot. Pros: Compact and lightweight. A "real" Windows computer, using real Office products Boots up fast, operates fast. Disconnects easily from the keyboard to become a tablet The kickstand is excellent -- easy to set up as a separate tablet. Cons: I'm not the first person to complain that you have to buy the keyboard separately, and I won't be the last. This is stupid. Only one USB port. I bought an adapter to add USB slots but there are compatability issues No HDMI port. There is a Mini Display Port, and you can connect to HDMI via an adapter. No Ethernet port. Again, an adapter. I now travel with my Surface Pro 3 and a bag full of adapters The standard keyboard well-sized and laid out, but is bouncy. This is disconcerting, and affects typing accuracy. When you use it as a laptop there's no support for the screen except for the kickstand. This means that when you pick it up you have to remember to support the back or it will just flop down. It took me a few days to train myself. None of these complaints are dealbreakers, but they are signs of a product that could still use some improvement. .
R3KPCUAC71GNOL	5.0	Fun Laptop Substitute	0	0	This is quite possibly the most fun I've had playing with a computer in a long time. I love the touch screen and the stylus pen. I'm not sure what I will use the latter for but that is part of the fun. It does serve as a very precise pointing device in lieu of a fingertip or mouse. I had been using a MacBook Pro for quite a while. I still prefer the MacOS over Windows 8.1, except for the aforementioned touch screen capabilities. The Surface is quick to boot up (between 5 and 7 seconds depending on what loads at startup). It has a micro SD reader built in which is nice for transferring files between a phone and the Surface. It only has one USB 3.0 port which could be a con to the device but frankly I haven't felt compelled to use a hub with it yet. Most everything I use with it is web based or bluetooth. I purchased a keyboard cover with it. It responds about like a standard windows laptop's keyboard - which is passable but i prefer a full keyboard for typing. In full tablet mode there is an onscreen keyboard. I have used it as a tablet a couple of times and find it better in some ways than my iPad except that the iPad has superior battery life. Doing a variety of things with the Surface i can get between three and five hours of use on a charge. If you multitask a lot you will use a lot of battery.
R1EI6BLOZ15HXR	3.0	A good tablet for students - minor improvements needed	0	0	I am a student who's taking Information Technology courses. It's essential to run windows applications on a tablet for what we do, and it's something an Apple iPad just cannot do. Windows 10 runs great on the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 without lag and frustration. I have the 256 GB, Intel Core i5, Windows 10 edition of the tablet, and it works for what I need it to do. Before, I bought a surface with an i7 processor, but it was overheating a lot! I exchanged my MS Pro tablet for the i5, and a Microsoft employee recognized that it was an issue. He exchanged the i7 with an i5, and it runs just as fast as the old tablet, but runs cooler. The i7 ran HOT! Even on idle. If you need a Surface with good performance, I would go ahead and grab the i5 surface. It's just as speedy as the i7. Surprisingly, I can run Counterstrike: Source on the Surface with low settings, however, I don't play much games on it. The Microsoft Surface runs Office very well, and it has a good user experience. Does not lag at all. The mouse isn't that good however. I'm right handed, and the pad is very small and it's moved to the left side just a bit. Thanks to the on-board USB 3.0 port it has, I can plug in my wireless mouse. Works fine! Other than that issue, it works very well!
RI9NA26DBI4BC	5.0	As good as it gets	2	3	Excellent computer and tablet. I needed a device for travel and home use that had full windows. The Surface Pro 3 is light and thin enough to replace my android tablet as well. I have thr 256gb i7 edition. It's lightning fast for day to day tasks and can handle some decent gaming as well. I plugged a wired Xbox controller into the tablet and fairly intense games like Batman Arkham run very well, just have to remember to run them at a lower than max resolution, which makes almost no difference to the games. Since it can handle such great games, it's a wonderful traveling device, but you will need a power outlet if gaming. I run Photoshop, Dreamweaver, and other programs flawlessly. They load fast and work perfectly. When just playing around, it'd nice to use the Windows 8 touch interface and apps, though they are lacking compared to Android and Apple. I normally use desktop mode which runs much like Windows 7. For casual, non productivity use and if Android does everything you want, get an android tablet. If you need or want to run real programs and have a full windows computer in a great tablet form, as well as casual 3d gaming, then the Surface Pro 3 is as good as it gets.
R2QY0ZF98WSLTD	5.0	I love my new Microsoft Surface Pro3	3	4	I love my new Microsoft Surface Pro3. It is very easy to use. However, when I was buying it, I thought that a keyboard would be included. Especially at the $1200.00+ price.
RCQVKQVMJ51LH	5.0	I love mine. But there were some flaws at the ...	1	1	I love mine. But there were some flaws at the beginning until it did all the updates. Now it runs smoothly. I do wish it came with MS Office like some of the older surfaces did.
RJ35UY290UCDO	5.0	PRO is the Way to Go!	1	1	haven't put it down yet, Have had my PRO for at least a year and have had not problems with it. Screen is a bit small, but enlarging screen text makes up the difference.
R1SRGY29SFRTGM	5.0	Keyboarding is Awesome in Rough Conditions	0	0	Amazingly I was able to set this on my lap and type using keyboard cover while sitting in the back seat of a car making hairpin mountain turns. This went on for 3 weeks. Three times the force pulled the tablet away from the keyboard and it landed on the floor of the car. No damage, just one time an unknown Word command was implemented. The suede-like material on the keyboard' wrist rest makes it grip to your skin, very stable to keep in place and use productively. Similarly it went through a bumpy airplane takeoff, easy to hold under control. Keyboard spacing is slightly different, takes getting used to, but the excellence of this machine motivates you to do that. Wireless works great at dozens of overseas locations. In hotels a bluetooth mouse makes for faster operation. Crisp screen, solid gesture control on screen, good trackkpad, fast boot/shutdown, full Win10 operation, what a winner. I did not time battery life, I'd say about 8+ hours when used in 2 hour chunks. Great that I can use same software as on my PC at home.Never a crash or a hang. For traveling, the dimensions including the keyboard cover are ideal: half an inch thick and 11.5 inches wide; and it weighs 2 lbs. 8 oz.
R2ET3BFNDE10HV	5.0	Love Love Love	1	1	Love Love Love. I use photoshop and larger programs as such daily and I've had no issues. Replaced my dinosaur 17" laptop. Love the ease of use and how light it is.
R1Y8QW2H9IVI0Y	5.0	Best thing I've bought in years	0	0	I am so glad I finally caved and bought the Surface Pro 3. I bought a refurbished one in excellent condition. This is really the perfect laptop. The pro can do pretty much anything. I use it to run Stata (a pretty intense data analyzing program) as well as play Civ 5 and the Sims 3. It always runs perfectly - better than my desktop, in fact. I also love being able to pop off the keyboard and play sudoku in bed. It's great. There are some cons, but they don't really bother me much. There's only one USB port, but you can buy a USB hub cheap so that's not a big issue. Limited memory is kind of a bummer, but that can be dealt with by using an external harddrive. For me, the biggest problem was the fact that my stylus didn't come with batteries, so I had to special order them (AAAA size) and I was really eager to start using the stylus. Sometimes my pro overheats but I suspect that's because it doesn't get much ventilation in the cheap case I bought. Also, if you're springing for a pro, you really should invest in a keyboard. They're great tools and really complete the package. tl; dr: best thing I've bought in years. Works like a dream.
R34FRYGE9XOWO9	5.0	This is the best tablet ever.	1	1	This is the best tablet ever. It seems like every day I'm finding new ways it is awesome. All the power of a mid-tier laptop with none of the weight or footprint.
R5A2KVICFB09G	5.0	Slight improvement over Surface 2	1	1	Valentines present for my wife, she loved it. larger than Surface 2, better charging connector, newer version of windows, other than that just like Surface 2
R215WSZU9SOEPO	5.0	Truly great computer	0	0	This thing is so far out cool, I can't begin to say enough good things abought it. I've had it about a month now and it is close by all the time. My main machine is still my PC because it has two large screens and a couple tarabits of storage, but this is so portable it can go pretty much anywhere and work. A question comes up while sitting in the easy chair watching TV it can be answered real time. Got to go sit in an office waiting for something to happen and need to block out the fool office TV, this will let you do it in several ways like listen to music while you work on some project. It is light, it has everything one needs, and it works very well. I got a regular keyboard with mine because the virtual keyboard takes up a lot of screen space if you're working on a document, but works well if all you need is to fill in the blank for Google. It will work with a powered USB expansion port if you want to operate a DVD drive to load programs into it. I have yet to find anything it won't do if I have the right stuff to connect to it and once it is loaded with programs and data it works great all by itself.
R2UDVASL1OLB0S	5.0	Awesome tablet	1	1	I could not be happier with this tablet, which I keep calling my "laptop" because I bought it to serve as ie replace my Chromebook. Very functional.
R2DG94W190S16I	5.0	Absolutely love it. The amazon prime interest free financing made ...	1	1	I haven't touched my laptop since I got this thing. Absolutely love it. The amazon prime interest free financing made it painless to get the higher end one.
R1E26IBY1ANPLS	5.0	We love our surface	1	1	We love our surface. We use it for on the go and it works flawlessly. Easily replaces our hunky laptop. Plus the touch screen is nice when in a hurry.
REK5ODUXOBYJA	5.0	I absolutely love this thing	0	0	I absolutely love this thing! The only down side is that it doesn't come with Microsoft Office already loaded on it AND Microsoft charges an arm and a leg for it. If you can get a student discount, that's the best way to go. Unfortunately, Office isn't sold like it use to be. You use to be able to buy it once and it would be good for as long as you have the computer. Now you have to renew it every year.... unless you are in the mood to spend a whole lot of money for the 4 year plan. The Windows 8.1 took a few days to get use to but once you figure it all out, it's great. Having the USB 3 port is amazing. I am able to use my card reader on this with no issues after downloading the appropriate certificates. This works just as good as my laptop. I just used it the other day while conducting an inspection and was able to quickly reference regulations I had saved on the desk top and take notes easily. The only other big con to this is that the APP Store is horrible. I sure hope they catch up to where Apple and Google app stores are in this department.
R2S5S8MSSH19M7	4.0	The surface meets all of my expectations thus far. ...	1	1	The surface meets all of my expectations thus far. I purchased it for the specific purpose of taking notes during client interviews and hearings.
R2TA536RL1XZ9B	5.0	The tablet that really can replace your laptop!!!	0	0	Best laptop I've owned. My dell I bought 6 years ago finally died so I wanted to replace it. I wasn't looking for anything more powerful, it did what was needed. When I looked at the i5 SP3 I couldn't believe that it was 3X more powerful than my laptop, witch had a dedicated gpu, and for around the same price. The only downside is storage, I went from 1tb to 250gb. The speed increase is defiantly worth it with the ssd. I really thought the pen was a gimmick, boy was I wrong, I don't think I will ever buy a touch screen device without a active stylus again, makes not having a keyboard and touch pad not permanently attached not bother me. The handwriting to text needs a little improvement but can get you by most of the time. It does get hot, but coming from a laptop with a 1st Gen i5 I'm used to the fan spinning up with more complex tasks. Windows 10 is great, all the new features of 8 but most of what we loved from 7. The only regret I have is not waiting 2 months for the SP4, with 30% more power, can't go wrong there.
R3N7E3USD5H3CI	5.0	Persistence apparently paid off for Microsoft	2	3	I'm now completely sold on the Surface Pro 3. My rather powerful home desktop is now retired and unplugged. My iPad Air went to my son and the Surface Pro 3 is my work horse for anything I do. Of course, I'll whine and tell you that the keyboard / cover is a requirement. The on screen keyboard is frustrating. I've not really explored the pen and One Note (although I do use One Note for many purposes). I do run the full Microsoft Office suite and this includes Access, Project and Visio. It is a treat to have the power of this machine available anywhere I carry it. One other note: For personal use, Quicken is the most important software program I own. Prior to this, I tried many different ways of synchronizing data, including the Quicken mobile app. Nothing beats being able to work on the primary data file on the road and just knowing that you don't miss any data. Bottom line - Microsoft hit a home run with this product.
R1SCDI4BM0WO1C	1.0	Utterly disappointed	0	0	Having saved all my pennies from three jobs to purchase a tablet, I had a choice between Surface Pro 3 (i5 256GB) and an ipad Air. After much deliberation,I went for the Pro 3. Mistake. Biggest and most frustrating problem is the wifi inconsistencies. One day it works, next day it's slow, next day it doesn't perform at all. As for Bluetooth reliability - I'd have more chance with an Atari VCS. Have lost all hope of ever having a tablet I can rely on. Why does it get so hot? Upper right corner gives off heat like a gamma ray. And do not get me started on Windows. My user experience with a Microsoft product is without doubt the pits. You banter words like innovative, global, thrive, unique core. Think on that last word. Core. Sorry, but if you cannot get the basics right you will not succeed. Oh, if only I could turn back time and go with an ipad air. What happens now I'm stuck with a tablet that doesn't perform well, is temperamental and only likes to play when it feels like it? So utterly disappointed.
R1TBXUBYPMOV0T	4.0	Could be a lot better but I'll leave it to Microsoft to hopefully improve ...	1	1	Could be a lot better but I'll leave it to Microsoft to hopefully improve this by next Fall. Version 10 OS did make it a little more useful.
R17HIZ5M3YVQKK	4.0	Tablet is awesome. Does everything I expected	1	1	Tablet is awesome. Does everything I expected. Only wish that it came with written operator's manual. Have to go on line to get instructions
RS76HGEESKBGW	5.0	Compute power comparable to full sized laptop in a great package. Making me think about moving off my ...	1	1	Hands down - iPad killer. Compute power comparable to full sized laptop in a great package. Making me think about moving off my PowerBook
RBQSK7BDH056I	5.0	Nice	1	1	So far so good. Just don't expect to get everything that you see in the photo. I thought it came with a keyboard (as in photo) but doesn't.
R2U2LOQGYANL6E	5.0	I love this computer	1	1	I love this computer. I'm learning new ways to use it all the time. Also, I get a lot of compliments on it. Everyone at work is jealous.
R2B2OFUSKG4BJF	5.0	Like the previous generations	0	0	The Surface Pro 3 is a 3rd generation iteration of the Surface Pro Tablet Series. It comes in several different models and configurations. The two most common configurations are the i3 intel (64gb) and i5 intel (128gb). OS: This tablet uses the Windows 8.1 "Pro" operating system. It's 64bit full windows that has the ability to run "legacy" (.exe) programs. Legacy programs include Adobe Photoshop, Auto CAD, etc. Hardware: Like the previous generations, the surface pro 3 uses the magnesium molding technology. It feels good in the hand, does not flex, and easily fits into a briefcase or sleeve. The screen is bright and vivid. The back of the tablet is prone to scratches. The kickstand has moved from a 2-slotted angle, to a "infinite" mode which allows the user to position the tablet at any angle (up to a certain degree). This review will be updated at a later time with additional information.
R3JHTOS4QWD3PX	5.0	Just ask our 17 year-old son	1	1	Our 17 year-old son carries this to his classes and uses it. He wouldn't hike it across his snowbound campus unless it was valuable.
R3EL8JJLH73MXR	5.0	absolutely love it. (bought the dock/monitor/keyboard and mouse to replace ...	1	1	It replaced desktop/laptop/tablet... absolutely love it. (bought the dock/monitor/keyboard and mouse to replace my old desktop)
RNIMBMR00I4WY	5.0	Great device	0	0	First of all, shipping was quick despite it being holiday season. Now on to the product itself. It is a huge upgrade to the original Surface RT I had. I can run nearly any application that'll run on my desktop. It's very lightweight considering the spec of this device. I wish there was a 128GB 8GB model at a cheaper price but this is still well worth the cost. I bought a mini displayport adapter that I can use to hook this up to a monitor or tv. I also got a 64GB micro sd card and a sleeve. Soon to be on the road a lot, I can just carry this whereever I go. The screen is nice, bright, and the high resolution makes it so I cannot see a pixel, but Windows' scaling issues on the desktop makes it a little less than perfect. The pen that comes with it seems well built. The fan does kick in even when running graphic applications as the temps can go up to 70 degrees on the back where your right hand would hold it. All in all a great device
R18HUHIB0N1NND	5.0	Great Device a must if you need real power in a tablet	0	0	Awesome product. It arrived with everything pictured and works as advertised. If you are looking for a lightweight tablet for browsing the web and emailing, look elsewhere there are plenty of tablets meant for that. However if you need the power of a laptop/desktop that can let you get real work done and still feel like a light weight tablet this is the device for you.I do own an iPad but it is not built to do what I need as a portable workstation.It is light and gets great battery life. I work as a photographer, on a recent trip to Europe this was the only computer I took with me for 3 weeks and I was not sorry. I was able to use Photoshop and Lightroom to sort images as well as create jpegs for use on social media. I carry this device on a daily basis as my portable workstation. It is really great on cramped coach flights when the guy in front of you decides to recline his seat to a position more suitable for a dentist office.
R3RFHWDAWVX50C	5.0	Product itself is fine. Works well	1	1	Was poorly packaged. For such an expensive item add more protection. Product itself is fine. Works well. A little slow sometimes.
R3GO3J3YYN6NRG	3.0	and not a good one. I'm trying not to blame my dissatisfaction ...	2	3	It's my first tablet/touchscreen, so it took me awhile to get used to it. It's also my first experienced with Windows 8 - that was a huge change from Windows 7, and not a good one. I'm trying not to blame my dissatisfaction with Windows 8 on the Surface. As a tablet, it's good: high screen resolution, fast performance, long battery life. I don't like it as a laptop replacement - the on-screen keyboard isn't as fast and responsive as my laptop's keyboard, and it covers half of the display. I hate the optional keyboard attachment I bought with this - it's way too bouncy. At the time of purchase, I chose this over a Dell XPS; am wishing I had bought the XPS instead. Please take my comments with a grain of salt - I'm not a social media user, gamer, or consumer of online movies. People who are really into those things would probably love the Surface.
R1WG3OXBZJ5O1L	5.0	Was a factory reject at best. Multitouch functions did not work	1	1	Love the Surface. Just beware when you buy it. Best to buy directly from Microsoft, as resellers often sell QC failures as new.
R2FB6K2HLRN3F1	5.0	I am an Adobe user and I am going to use it as my Laptop	2	3	Soon after I received the Surface Pro 3 as a gift my old MacBookPro started to fail so I had to used as a replacement right away. At first I think it was going to be like having an iPad with Windows and that I was going to used it until I buy a new laptop but when I started working and install all the software I use (Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, MS Office) I realized that it was a great as a laptop with all the benefits of a tablet. The pen is great and I love the idea that the keyboard is detachable. The only thing is that I am going to need an external memory for all my files and also I thing I am going to use all the cloud services of Adobe, Microsoft and Apple. And compare with my old MacBookPro the Surface its really fast :) . I have 10 years using Mac and Windows so the change between both its not a big deal for me.
RWSBTSDCK5VYX	5.0	What impressed me more is multi mode inputs to the ...	1	1	What impressed me more is multi mode inputs to the surface pro by way of 1. pen; 2. touch; 3.mouse as well as by 4. touch-pad.
R2FPS50448EXUP	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Really powerful device. Microsoft got it right this time. A true desktop replacement with an external monitor/keyboard/mouse.
R307RVVMB6JW8J	4.0	Hate that they updated a month later	1	1	Hate that they updated a month later, but when purchased on discount this is the more useful computer i have ever purchased.
R2C83MT9XHKM1G	4.0	Gerat LITTLE computer but lacks a lot of needed capabilities	1	1	Great to have and working well. But had to purchase many periferials, cable, adapters, etc., to make it fully operational.
R2C9XL1DKAIMM5	5.0	The Surface Pro as a Christmas for my wife. She loves it.	1	1	Recharging the surface is improved 100% over the original Surface pro. The Surface is by far the best tablet on the market.
R2TKX2QDG2IJ0X	5.0	Simply Awesome	0	0	Shipping: I ordered this and was told they were getting more in stock in two weeks. Cool. Next day I received an email letting me know I would be receiving it in 3 days. Amazon deserves a golden star for this as it is not the first time it has happened. Product: Had this for a day. Took a solid 2-3 hours to upgrade to windows 10. Nothing has gone wrong (besides getting a critical system error with Civ 5 for some reason...can't replicate though) and I have enjoyed it thoroughly as of yet. Using the pen to basically write what you want typed is probably the most entertainment I've ever had while being so slow at doing what I am doing. Had no problems with the device itself so far. If you plan to use this as an actual laptop replacement I seriously suggest getting a full keyboard for it though, granted I have never liked virtual keyboards without swipe-text.
R39MNZQZTUEDB2	4.0	A new experience	1	1	I am adjusting to the quirks of the surface pro 3 but the one thing I find bothersome is it's lack of holding a charge.
R1A2WDU34NC35O	5.0	Really great!	1	1	I love my tablet! I wish it had more memory 64 fills up fast. Id recommend spending the extra money for a bigger one.
R2K5N9YXZ7LPYV	5.0	notbad.jpg	0	0	I love this thing and I'd love it more if I could afford an i7. I picked this up because I wanted the portability of a tablet with the power of a PC which is exactly what this machine offers. I expanded the memory with mine via a 128gb micro SD which works flawlessly as a 2nd HDD (more or less). Also, as a PC gamer, this thing runs TF2 and Hearthstone pretty well but I wouldn't try and push it much further than that. I'd especially recommend this for design students who aren't suckered into thinking Apple products are the only way to go. The fact that it works like a low-end Cintiq is wonderful. My only gripe would be having to use Windows for tablet applications just because there aren't suitable apps for what I want. Blah-blah-blah... Buy it if you are into mobile computing and think iPads are useless.
R2O3IARR5SS2LJ	4.0	Stuggled with Price...But very happy with decision!!	0	0	I LOVE the surface pro 3! It is nice to have laptop/tablet in one. Easy to navigate and interface is simple once you get acclimated to it. I docked a star because the e-reader options are not great. I use Mantano Reader on my android devices and was really disappointed when I didnt have that as an option. Windows needs to beef up their apps. I debated and looked at numerous options before making my purchase. The main thing that I was struggling with was the cost. I wanted/needed something that I can take with me to Europe, to limit the number of items I have to keep track of. I havent gone on my trip yet, however, I am very satisfied with my purchase. It works great to accomplish work and use as tablet and have no doubt it will be perfect to use on my trip. It is the perfect choice if you are looking for laptop and tablet in one.
R2QNNI3Y8235V6	4.0	Handle the Surface before you buy	0	0	Pretty much as advertised with the specs. I use an original Lenovo Yoga with RT at work for Electronic Health records but am changing software program which requires more robust operating system. Unless you want more tablet than laptop, the Surface is going to suffer in ease of use. Sure you can use the kickstand to rest the surface on your lap and type but it's counterintuitive that the heavier screen/computer is upright and the light keyboard is flat and more stable. It's not as thin and light as expected so definitely handle the Surface before buying. In retrospect, I should have purchased the Yoga based on the traditional laptop design and it's equally thin. I settled on the surface to try the handwriting to text feature but I'm not sure that it will be enough to make me not regret the choice. Speed and features are good though.
R2FZCXL0YPEFPC	4.0	Tablet itself is excellent, great build quality	0	0	Tablet itself is excellent, great build quality, beautiful display, keyboard (purchased separate) pleasant to use and although many will say otherwise, it DOES have micro SD expansion up to 128GB. I was never huge on Windows 8.1, but it does prove its usefulness on a touch screen interface whereas it's slightly awkward on a PC. It should come with MS office instead of having to purchase separate. Upgrading to windows 10 gave some useful upgrades (Cortana, desktop mode by default, phone center, tablet mode-PC mode) but it's kind of buggy sometimes (microphone periodically stops working and Cortana can't hear you, needs to reset tablet) the addition of a "back" arrow button when switching apps instead of having to "swipe" on 8.1 are among other useful features. Email dictation through Cortana is great as well. Last but not least, Windows 10 allows you to toggle the front facing camera.
R2FKYZORO2P81Y	3.0	It has such great potential and if it worked as it claims it ...	0	0	It has such great potential and if it worked as it claims it would be fantastic. However, I have found issue with a lot of the features. For example, I love the pen and one-note capability which adds a huge amount of versatility to the device. However, my pen will randomly decide when to work and when to not work. The computer is also incapable of starting itself back up after updating, leaving me with what looks to be a perpetually updating computer (the screen will stay on "installing system update" for up to 6 hours at a time for no understood reason, and I will have to forcefully shut down and reboot the computer). Great concept, but I have found the execution to be glitchy. Maybe if a few system updates come into fruition, it will improve-but so far my system updates have been glitchy as well so...we'll see.
R1YM16KGVIV9W5	5.0	WOW	1	1	This thing is amazing. I am an iApple fanatic but Microsoft got it right with the Pro 3. Way better than the iPad!
R2KJIJNF6RN27U	5.0	Excellent balance of computing capacity and portability	1	1	Very thin, not too heavy, very clear screen and lots of computing power. Microsoft Office runs just fine on it.
R2V6RKL77T1IDT	5.0	The best of both worlds!	1	1	Absolutely love the Mircrosoft Surface. Needed a tablet, and needed a laptop. This is the best of both worlds.
R32VL1JFB9CHEV	5.0	I love the Surface Pro 3 (had all of the Surface ...	1	1	I love the Surface Pro 3 (had all of the Surface Pros) and the service was great in buying and shipping. Thanks
RD6RVKOKIZY5D	5.0	Everything they promised. No more, no less.	0	0	So - its been almost a month now. Things of note: Good. 1. The screen is great. Absolutely great. 2. The touch aspects of the screen are also great. 3. The port choices make a lot of sense. 4. Windows 10 rocks on this machine. 5. Performance is adequate in every way. 6. This thing is WELL built. very high quality in every respect. Bad. 1. The keyboard is just what it is. The best keyboard cover for a tablet ever. It is not as good as a real keyboard is on some of the laptop hybrid style machines. 2. Battery life is good at 5 hours. But it isn't eternal. 3. No built in cell modem. 4. 10 hours of battery please! 5. Sometimes it doesn't know what to do with the keyboard cover and you have to re-attach it.
RGYDNRU4XXMP6	5.0	Best convertible on the market	1	1	Absolutely superb, every detail is very well thought, Kickstand is very useful also the pen really impressed.
R7QE3CPP506PU	5.0	You should purchase	1	1	Best computer purchase I have made in over a decade. Outstanding performance for a "tablet" computer.
R8CGFT3ZY4WEB	4.0	Great product - Works well - Still gets a little ...	1	1	Great product - Works well - Still gets a little too hot sometimes like the Pro 2 did but definitely better.
R2276NUFXGGXU5	5.0	I love my surface pro 3!	0	0	I got the 256GB version. It edits my 4K footage surprising well, although it's a little sluggish. It's a dream using photoshop with the touch controls and pen. After effects works nearly just as well as it does on my desktop. I can't say enough good things about it. I take it everywhere with me, and have never been at the point where my battery died and I wasn't near a plug. The speakers could be louder and the screen could be brighter, but I've always found a way to work with those small defects, like moving into some shade and using headphones. The surface is great. Windows 10 on the other hand is implemented strangely with the surface. Some bugs still to fix, but that's not the hardware a fault. Highly reccommend if you're looking to buy one.
R1LB1Q8D02LUHD	5.0	The surface pro 3 packs a punch that cannot be ignored.	1	1	The Surface pro 3 has been the best computer ever.. I can do way more than just another tablet run by apps.
RG3UPHSWW73P7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Best tablet/laptop you can get. Great pen accuracy and good batery life (not Apple products like, but good)
RP66TVZ6NQ6CU	2.0	The WiFi doesn't work half the time	2	3	In most ways, the Surface Pro 3 is a perfectly good tablet, except the WiFi doesn't work half the time. Whenever I start the tablet from sleep mode, the Surface fails to connect to my university's WiFi network, forcing me to manually restart the wireless adapter, and reenter my username/password. If you search online, you'll find that this issue has existed since launch. Despite reinstalling Windows and updating the wireless adapter's drivers, I haven't been able to fix the issue. My laptop (a Lenovo T440s running Windows 8.1 x64), and my phone (a Galaxy S3 running Android 4.4.4 KitKat), do not have this issue, and without fail always connect to the WiFi network.
R1UZ6MBC3WWY6J	4.0	but so far so good. other than that I'm very	1	1	hard to get used to this after 10 years on a laptop. but so far so good. other than that I'm very happy
R2E6H23A48IMYJ	5.0	As described	2	2	So far so good
R37YJM43LCJPUK	5.0	great product for college.	1	1	For someone in College, I would highly recommend this product. It's light weight and takes up no room.
R1VC1C3JZYUK7I	5.0	Best tablet/ laptop I've ever owned.	0	0	i bought this is August of 2015. I am currently a student in a Masters program for Occupational therapy. We do a lot of research and having the flexibility of both a fully functional laptop and tablet is such a great tool. Originally I was skeptical because most of the stuff microsoft puts out is junk but windows 8 is great. I use the app one note all of the time. If you have to write on a document all you do is double click on the pen. I also use one drive to back up all my stuff. I also own an iPad mini which I barely use anymore. I'm not a microsoft guy. I've owned an iPhone for 6 years and I would never switch to another platform but windows did a great job here. The only downside is there aren't as many apps in the windows store
R1KLS67D6M7379	5.0	Love it!	2	3	I bought Surface pro3 for my college along with the type cover and the experience so far has been wonderful. Its fast, quiet, super light and thin. I enjoy using it and rarely leave home without it. I would recommend a few accessories to go with it, Type cover (must have!) USB 3.0 splitter Mini display port to HDMI cable USB card reader These were the additional things that I needed to completely replace my old laptop with SP3. Its been almost a month since I have been using it. In my opinion its a wonderful machine and it has helped me organize my school work a lot better. I love the handwriting recognition in SP3
R17KA0A4K3MUFD	5.0	Sophisticated device	1	1	Great screen and touch sensitivity. Highly convenient for "professional-kind mobile tasks".
R8UJHL4PZ8TCP	5.0	Just about perfect for me	0	0	This is a great laptop replacement. The 2160x1440 resolution is unreal. In fact, it's almost too good sometimes. Some text in applications is extremely small. Photoshop is a prime example. The menus are so small at 216 dpi that it can be tough to click on what you want. The i5 CPU and 8GB RAM has been enough power for the applications I use -- mainly Photoshop and 3D modeling. Doing a heavy render probably wouldn't be a good idea, but that's not something I expect any laptop to be able to handle. The overall form factor and design of the Surface is just really well thought out. It's light and adjustable to using it at a desk, on a plane, in a car, in bed, or just sitting on the couch.
R32C5RWFUOB0HM	4.0	It boots up very fast and I am totally satisfied.	1	1	Very high quality and no problems with the unit. It boots up very fast and I am totally satisfied.
R2939GQIBO47SK	5.0	although it did get very hot when i first began ...	1	1	although it did get very hot when i first began using it, it has cooled down and now it is awesome
R1QZ2HDSZMQN79	5.0	After loading Windows 10 this is the best tablet for general work use anywhere	0	0	After loading Windows 10 this is the best tablet for general work use anywhere. Fast, light, loads of memory. Battery life good. Windows 8 was pretty poor, but with 10 loaded it is great! Stylus is very cool, and with keyboard and Bluetooth mouse can use it just like a PC when desired. The best portable PC I've used in 20 years of engineering. Build quality is outstanding, and I've loaded several pieces of engineering and office software - all work with no problem, including some using unusual comms methods to various automation devices. BTW - have both the Surface 2 and the Surface Pro 3. Was told the Surface 2 would not support a standard Logitech Bluetooth mouse. That is not correct.
R1J6AG9HXIY0ZA	5.0	This is a perfect machine for Me which means so many of you ...	0	0	ok of the box delightful. I am very impressed. This is a perfect machine for Me which means so many of you will love it. I will add to this review as I use it but first 3 days s have been a great surprise. A product that in my mind, is a solution to an existing problem, tablet or laptop.... core i7 256GB, so keep that in mind. Love the Pen. Top click on the pen to go to note is cool. Beautiful , light , substantial and yes already hot as many folks say. Too hot ? No, lots of options to keep it off You and I would say it gets to a high warm. Might be a bother in the future. Love windows8. Impressed sine I heard some negative opinions, I love it. More later going to keep playing !
R1S6RAUG2U03XV	2.0	I loved SP3 so much and kept bragging about it to ...	2	3	I loved SP3 so much and kept bragging about it to all my friend. My coworker even bought one after she tried my machine. Until I found a yellow strip on left screen after 6months of gentle using. I have to change my statement After doing research and lot of reading, found that this is known issue of SP3. I called the MS tech support, they said they can replaced me with the refurbished one. I turned the offer down because I've been taking good care of my machine and never drop or scratch it. Why should I get refurbish for the problem that is not my fault. I probably avoid to buy any surface product next time
R3US0E4M8GITAS	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Purchased for daughter for college. She loves it now, we will see how it holds up for college!!
R3BO9MY37BNDJN	5.0	Love it	1	1	Exactly as expected. Went with smaller GB to test if software would all work. Works great
R1715ZANNB3OGN	5.0	Love it, Until Windows 10	0	0	This product is fantastic. Microsoft really made a killer product. However after upgrading to Windows 10 the beautiful experience went away. A lot of features that were once perfectly integrated such as touching the screen on an input box to have an onscreen keyboard appear disappeared when you have a keyboard plugged in. They added a patch to partially address this issue. But still doesn't work if you have a keyboard plugged in. In my opinion if you touch a screen it means you want to touch type on the input bar. if you click an input bar it means you should type with your keyboard unless it is not attached. It really isn't that many logic statements and you had it right with 8.1
R1SM8VJA74MHSE	4.0	I also love the stylus	0	0	Got the i7 version and gets hot really fast even with just leaving it on without doing anything on it. I heard this is issue with Core i7 version. Otherwise, it's really well designed piece of machine. I also love the stylus. I think it is the best part about Surface Pro 3. It's great for people who travel a lot and I actually got it as my work required it but I would actually never buy it for personal use. For people like myself, graphic professional who mostly works on workstations, this has no use. It's neither a computer nor tablet. It's too large, too heavy, and too hot to use as tablet and it's too small, too slow, and under powered for a computer.
R3AFZCHJWVO2KC	1.0	Poor Product	6	9	We found the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 to be a poor product. The user interface of the Microsoft 8.1 operating system is hard to use. The Bluetooth pen that comes with the computer never performed properly. The tablet would sometimes work as a touch screen and sometimes not. And there was this aggravating little square that kept appearing in the lower left corner of the tablet and would not go away. We returned the product for a refund, which was provided.
R5KFFQCNUT5B1	4.0	Issues with actual Surface	2	3	Only issue is with the actual Surface not with Amazon. Amazon did a great job of getting the Surface delivered on time, but several days after getting the Surface it would not turn on. I went on the internet and found out that this is a known common problem with the Surface. Luckily I was able to find the process to get the Surface to turn on, but when you spend $800 for a Surface it would be nice if Microsoft actually made sure they worked properly. Considering the Surface has been out for awhile and this is a known problem Micorsoft could of and should have fixed this issue.
R1LBB7ZLUSFCTE	5.0	All in One for the college student and more.	1	1	Granddaughter off to college and needed a new computer, tablet, and and and. ALL IN ONE.
R270VYPZMIFKH0	5.0	On the move? Get one!	1	1	An amazing machine! Fits into every situation without sacrificing the convenience of a PC.
R3ROB5VLQI9173	3.0	Do not get if your a professional artist	0	0	Don't get me wrong, this is a GREAT little tablet and could actually handle a lot more then I thought. Bt with that said I specifically got this as an art tablet only to find that photoshop is too much for this little guy to handle. I've been told the i5 with the 8gb of ram however would have worked fine but I'm currently unsure what to do with this little guy. Outside of that I love this tablet! Other then finding the app thing a bit odd it is pretty sweet. I still wouldn't say it can replace a beefy laptop but I'd pick it over an iPad anyday. It is exciting to see what Microsoft has been coming out with especially from an artist point of view.
R30J0XQAU4RLDK	5.0	I love it! I got the key board as well	1	1	I have my surface pro 3 for about 6 months now. I love it! I got the key board as well.
R17WKG4K2JQMT6	5.0	Awesome product!	1	1	This thing is incredible. Works so much faster than my other tablets. Awesome product!
RNHM2Z0H9EPPG	5.0	I absolutely love this thing	0	0	I absolutely love this thing. I am an artist so I bought it to use for drawing and as a laptop. You can run the full Photoshop program on it and I can draw right into the program. The style of drawing I do works well with the pen-others who need a more precise line might not find it as useful. For me it was a choice between this or a Wacom/Cintiq tablet that is twice or three times the cost. One cheesy thing though is the little stick-on holder for the pen. It doesn't work for long, looks cheap and leaves glue on the surface. I'm sure they could have found a better solution for storing the pen at the price they asked.
RKM290XFSMM86	5.0	Absolutely fantastic. Probably the best purchase I've made in my entire life.	0	0	I barely even have words for how much I love my Surface. I'm a college student and it makes my life so much easier. Instead of printing off notes for classes, I just put them into one note and work from there. This will most likely not work for an Engineering student ( the graphics card is not good enough to run games like GW2 so modeling problems would crash), but for anyone who just needs a high functioning laptop but also wants the convenience of a tablet should definitely pick up a Surface. The battery life will get me through my whole day with ease, and now I can watch TV in bed for hours while procrastinating.
R1IBF83UUTUQ1C	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great product. A little pricey but the Surface Pen aspect is great for taking notes.
R1VJR07GT9JMA3	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love the surface. The only negative is that the fan runs a lot and is sometimes loud
R1PP4OKM6BUGL5	2.0	Beware of vendor	2	3	So far, the tablet works as I expected it to. However, the power cord is faulty -- has to be held in place with rubber bands in order to connect the cord from the tablet to the part of the cord that plugs into the wall. And because this tablet came from a vendor rather than from Amazon itself, I have to return the entire package -- tablet and cord -- in order to get a replacement or an refund. It will be easier to buy a new power cord than to get a new tablet and set it up again. less time commitment and hassle. A bummer.
R3PTID1PURJS9T	2.0	Very happy with product	2	3	Love this machine so much. It's interface is amazing, very easy to navigate in this new windows product. Two issue I have with the seller. When I purchased I received a faulty plug that wouldn't take charge. So I had to go to Microsoft store because there was no way to contact seller through the amazons indie.. When I took it to the microsoft store they swapped it out at no charge. They mentioned if I had received a free caring sleeve - no I didn't.. Guess Microsoft offers a free sleeve and had to buy separately else where.
R2N63O23013SM	5.0	Great Company to Purchase From...Surface Pro 3 could use some help	0	0	There were problems with the shipping and company... My item was lost somewhere..The company rallied after my texts and calls and emails and Gili made sure that I received a new one sent over night per my request.. She did what she said she would do and that was amazing. The Surface Pro 3 is not as user friendly as the Mac.. but I will get used to it.. You do have to make sure you buy all the additional parts to it as the photo shows the blue keyboard which is sold separately. Also there are some other plug in items and memory cards to purchase. It is very very light and the clarity is wonderful ...
RC0LHWQAUCGT3	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Upgrade to Windows 10 and this is a lightning fast computer with full capability.
RXN9D3XLYLSGT	5.0	Near Perfect Laptop	0	0	I replace my laptop about every two years and this one is, by far, my favorite. It is light-weight (even with the Keyboard Cover), powerful enough for all my business-related work, and it came pre-loaded with Windows 10. The display is sharp and bright enough so that the tiny print is easier to read. Fresh Paint is such a fun program to use and the pressure-sensitive touch screen makes drawing exciting! Also writing with the pen is very accurate and makes working without a keyboard much easier. The only improvement that I would have liked to have had is a pen holder.
R7WZT2X72RMC	5.0	Simple, Capable, and Affordable	0	0	If in the market for a well-balanced computer at a reasonable price, look no further than the Surface Pro 3. The product maintains a high level of functionality while still being easy to operate. It has plenty of processing power while still being able to complete basic tasks like making a PowerPoint presentation or using Excel for a math project without a hitch. Besides the occasional frozen screen or keyboard malfunction, the Surface’s ability to help me stay organized, take notes in class, multitask, and complete large projects with ease has made it a worthy purchase in my opinion.
R3PMJ9NZ8FMF6F	5.0	awesome	0	0	Bought off Microsoft a couple of months ago with the keyboard attachment. ... This is so cool.! Legit computer in a tablet package... I have a tablet I can use with Microsoft Office and half life 2! Also very intuitive operation with our the keyboard, it's like you don't need it ( but I'm still happy I bought it). Was cross shopping with the Google powered tablets (grew up on Google and can't use apple. .. to different for me) and glad I spent the extra money. .. Would recommend to anyone who wants a laptop and tablet. Especially recommend if your mac illiterate like me!
R31754FEJRFTCQ	5.0	Simply Amazing	0	0	An amazing device, blazing speed, full desktop functionality, heck windows desktop even has potrait mode, something most people would never guess the OS can do. Coupled with the USB slot, and the absolutely high end quality build, its extremely hard to fault the Surface Pro 3. The only thing I would say that bugs me, is how easily prints get on the screen, but thats something that can be delt easily if you get a protector. One more thing, the surface pen is an absolute Joy, very good tool, has amazing 1-1 writing smoothness, i for one, am glad i bought this device. Top marks from me.
R1AYP8H1V44XA6	5.0	I do not like Windows 8 (I'm getting used to it)	0	0	I do not like Windows 8 (I'm getting used to it). I'm not fond of the keyboard being a seperate $100. I'd like a couple more input options (SD, MicroSD, a couple more USB). There are a few things that I don't like, but I really can't complain about this machine. Fast. Powerful. Very, very compact. I love it. 128 GB does not get you very far these days, but whatever. I love it. Got mine for the neighborhood of $720. I'm military so I can get a lot of free software -- so, no need to load it up with pricy Office and Acrobat products. Again, great machine, good price. I love it.
R27XJZLQL870OP	5.0	Hard to find a flaw with this beauty.	0	0	Nothing short of amazing how far computers have come recently and this 'tablet' is no exception. I havent touched my ipad in months, and my cad workstation at work has officially been offline equally as long. I use this super tablet as a desktop at work, a laptop on the go, and a tablet at home. Only complaint (like everyone else's) is the lack of apps, but honestly... Who needs an app for half these things, when you have full desktop accessibility? I suppose tablet mode would be better with more apps... But honestly tablet mode is where it gets the least use for me.
R3E3V92VV488UZ	5.0	Very much useful for my nature of job	0	0	Very much useful for my nature of job. (attends number of meetings a week). It looks just like a diary / hand book (Perfect size). Compatible to all windows applications. No need to carry a laptop anymore. Performance- No complaint at all. Battery life - no need to charge in one days job (life not tested; but I'm sure its more than 6 hrs). With Onedrive I can access my files during meetings/ presentations for references. Display: excellent. Please don't compare SP3 with a Laptop or Tablet it does not belong to any of these category.
R2E9A06HKAABDF	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Really cool, saved some cash going with Amazon and not Microsoft. THANK YOU
REGXS82KT8VX1	3.0	... received the surface pro 3 itself and it was great bought it brand new only problem was the charger ...	2	3	I received the surface pro 3 itself and it was great bought it brand new only problem was the charger they sent me with the surface did not work so it was defective and my surface battery had died and I have not been able to use it because the charger does not work or power on what so ever please fix it and resend me a new charger for my surface pro 3 I'm a very loyal customer and I usually do not complain but this time I had this slight problem so that's why I'm not satisfied
R21R4I16W9PPWK	5.0	Awesome Product	0	0	I ordered a pro 3 i7 52 GB. it is an amazing product. I work in corporate IT. Does everything my lap top can do. Fan rarely comes on. Awesome display. I can run three displays while at home and the pro 3 is lightning fast during use and boot times. I have installed a ton of IT related software and the machine has no issues at all. Fan barely runs Bought the docking station and it adds another display port and 5 USB ports. The only negative is they want $90 for an extra AC charger. thinner than an iPad and You can run any windows software
R22I8W5XRXE360	5.0	Smart Choice	0	0	This is hands down the best purchase I made in 2015. Love my Surface, and I don't know why I took so long to get one. It really is a game changer. Have been using my 2008 Macbook, and I finally decided that it was time to upgrade. Glad I wen't with this. Brands or operating systems was not a factor in picking the surface pro. I always just go for whats reliable, and what suits me better as a user. Just a heads up thought, If you're a heavy user, it will heat up. I mostly use this for school so I'm always running OneNote, and Firefox.
R28AHCEKE6KVTT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Amazing, best computer I have ever had. The price is the only down side.
R1HIFS9VHFJ73	5.0	but I like the purchase	1	1	A little tough getting familiar with Windows 8, but I like the purchase.
R10PAY7TN8GY2X	5.0	Perfect for online teaching	0	0	So far I love everything about my Surface Pro 3. It really is a great hybrid of laptop and tablet. The pen and Palm block technology are amazing and make annotations a breeze! I tried the HP Spectre 360 thinking it was the way to go, but the Surface Pro 3 is far superior for my needs which include frequent annotating on educational websites. The Spectre Pen wasn't even functional on some of the sites I tested. Overall I would say the Surface Pro 3 is an excellent choice for teachers, especially if you teach or tutor online.
RA3B9JL8AR6FU	4.0	Everything else works great! Quality of the tablet	0	0	Be warned, this guy gets rather hot under load. It performs remarkably quickly (as would be expected from Intel's 4th generation of processors) and the HD Intel Graphics are nothing to sneeze at. Unfortunately, this particular processor is very prone to heating up rapidly. While I'm not personally bothered by it, it's something to take into consideration. Everything else works great! Quality of the tablet, and the amount of power (processing and battery!) it packs into the form-factor is nothing short of spectacular.
R14WRZF6RHKYZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	So excited to have the Surface Pro! Delivered on time and as described!
R177KQCX52LF4B	5.0	Great improvement over the Surface 2 RT I replaced	1	1	This thing rocks. Great improvement over the Surface 2 RT I replaced.
R3KZC4PS6XW1XW	5.0	Best purchase of the year	0	0	This is a fantastic product. It is slim, well built and weight is kept down. It is easy to use it as a laptop and quick to switch to tablet mode and use it that way as well. I use it every single day and am always on the road. The fact that it fits in a regular sized rugsack is just perfect for me and it is powerfull enough to actually run all the games I play, even while on the road. The fact that it has USB3 makes it work very well with an external harddrive to supplement the SSD drive that is built into it.
RYNB5UKO9BKB9	5.0	Laptop or a Tablet?	0	0	This is by far the best piece of technology I own. I feel like everyone has undersold it, because as a student, its the best piece of hardware I could have bought, its 100% well worth the money. For the price, you can't beat it. I love my Surface Pro 3, and you will too. Only complaint I have is that the micro SD should be a full sized SD card. Microsoft did such a great job with this thing that they looked past such a big detail, and they totally could have put in an extra USB port no problem.
R3SKC7O2L84D19	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Best thing ever, worth every penny, can't wait for the Surface pro 4
R3KUQXPB01N6RT	5.0	Finally. Something I can use to get work done	2	3	Finally, a tablet that lets me get work done -- and I can run anything my desktop runs. The "metro" interface is no big deal and is just an alternative to the traditional desktop; I can switch back and forth. The only thing I recommend is a matte (non-reflective) screen protector. You don't even need a case because the keyboard -- which you have to buy -- is padded and protects the unit nicely.
R2FW9J2GK8KGAD	5.0	What PC? What tablet?	0	0	After using the surface pro 3 with docking station for a couple weeks I have completely lost the need for a desktop, laptop, and/or tablet. It's perfect for typing, viewing, surfing, gaming, freehand writing, and drawing. This is definitely the future of personal tech. Just a bit more development in the near future to fine tune ergonomic needs and allow for additional processing (for people who work in digital arts and tech), and the surface could easily become the norm for every person in every home.
R290HC3986TCOJ	5.0	Great condition for a great price	1	1	Product came just as described. Great condition for a great price.
R2EUPQSOEFLDMU	5.0	They keep getting better! I was hesitant to buy this one (they ...	0	0	I am also the proud owner of a Surface Pro 2. I had the Surface Pro 1. They keep getting better! I was hesitant to buy this one (they are not cheap). I'm so glad that I did! I am a nursing student, and this is perfect for me. The keyboard with surface pro 3 is a little bigger, and for me that is a plus. It can sit up at a slight angle, and that helps so much! I still love my SP2, my teenager uses it now. I am in love with my new SP3. The slightly bigger screen makes a big difference.
R25Y8QX8YXASE5	5.0	Definitely ready for prime time	0	0	This product was purchased for a client's business and personal travel use. It appears to be a perfect match for this function. Client has not yet attempted to use the product as a replacement for a business laptop or workstation, but with the separately purchased mouse (matched to the Surface Pro 3), I am certain it will be quite capable. As an IT worker, I have yet to decide if the Surface Pro 3 could supplant my current 'heavy-configured' laptop, but prognosis is looking good.
R38IA6SQE0ZP53	5.0	Traded in my mac!	4	6	I accidentally installed Yosemite on my Mac... what a nightmare. Just gave the thing to my daughter and replaced it with the Surface. LOVE IT. My iPhone went to my nephew and I now have a galaxy. LOVE that! So.. after 2 decades of being a mac owner, I've gone back to PC and have discovered Android. My world has become less complicated!
R2W50FS70RSVGK	3.0	NOt what I expexted	1	1	I hate windows8.1, the tablet freezes up way more than it should.
RQ602GRMTZB05	4.0	The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the graphics card will not allow much in the way of gaming and that would be a nice t	0	0	Small portable and does everything I need it to do. The power of a top grade lap top in the size of a tablet. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the graphics card will not allow much in the way of gaming and that would be a nice thing to add since you could connect a controller to use it in that way. Especially in situations where you have limited internet. I tried the Witcher original which did not seem to have much in the way of requirements and it will not run.
R1NS8QCCFAD7K5	5.0	Just pull the trigger, you wont regret it.	0	0	Fantastic machine, replaced my aging laptop and my broken tablet. League of Legends (LOL) runs great at low res and medium low settings over 40-50 fps at all times. Hex Shards Of Fate Beta runs great at 720p 50-60 fps Xcom runs great at low/low 30-40 fps It really does everything they say and has become a staple in my man purse. Splurge and buy the type cover, yes its expensive but once you get your hands on it you will understand.
R3FY3QAFHERS92	5.0	My ASUS 1st gen laptop died and I was looking ...	0	0	My ASUS 1st gen laptop died and I was looking for a replacement that met my needs today. I am technical director in the games industry and had been looking for a tablet that could meet my professional needs for 5 years now.... The Surface Pro 3 does this and more. It is a truly trans-formative piece of technology. I find myself sketching on it all the time. Not only does it meet all my laptop needs... I now have a portable whiteboard I can fit into my satchel.
R2UTWUP24I9FPZ	5.0	Thumbs up to MS	0	0	What I loved most in my Surface Pro: 1. its touchscreen with excellent 12 inches, it is the perfect size in my opinion. 2. very powerful processor i7 comes with 512GB SSD and 8GB RAM. 3. the Windows home button located to the device's left side (smart one). 4. front and back cameras. what i dislike: 1. battery dies very fast. 2. there is a source of heat if you over use the tablet, it comes from the rigth side of the device.
R1U0NJP8IN92QN	5.0	the hunny badger of a laptop. small, super fast, and powerful	0	0	I'm a techie and I love this thing.....it's a beast. It's small but packs the power and speed to run whatever you need to run. Wish it had more then 8gb of memory but not enough to take off star. If only windows 8 didn't suck. The ssd is upgradable but it something I'll only do if cracked the screen. If you can afford it then it's a must have. Don't forget the keyboard as it is not included. And I got a case with it. Worth the 70 bucks for that too
R2MTELI0IOCTJP	5.0	Great Tablet!!!	0	0	I purchased this tablet because I wanted a Windows tablet that really CAN replace one's laptop. This Surface Pro 3 really does fit the bill. It is fast, lightweight & [portable, and reliable. The 12" display is much easier to work with than the 10" and it's nice having a sturdy Windows 8 device. IT's pretty intuitive to use. The pen synced quickly and I bought a red type cover to use the keyboard, which is an excellent addition. So far, no complaints here!
R2DC25M58PVC8S	5.0	Absolutely fun & perfect	0	0	Absolutely fun & perfect. Only weight a tad more than Ipad, but has touch screen I don't know how I lived without before. Tablet? Great to set up on exercise machine for max distraction. Watch TV at home & use tablet to search imdb for tangential questions re what's on screen. Laptop? Light, quiet, does it all. Also purchased docking station with lotsa outlet types, fits great, recharges automatically, etc. Did I mention the part about fun and perfect?
R2KVGLM8K4OFFH	1.0	One Star	3	4	Work few days and then dead. Have already return it.
R2VYSHQJ3SEQSN	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	works perfect. exactly as described. very happy with purchaes
R3A2D60R0O9585	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great product, hope they make one larger in the near future!
R2OPLB46EFX9ZM	4.0	It looks nice. I have had tablet from Lenovo	0	0	It looks nice. I have had tablet from Lenovo. I used the pen on it all the time. But this uses finger and pen. The finger usage is sometimes hard since the icons are small. Also, there used to be a keyboard on the screen that I could do handwriting easily on the tablet (X61). But the keyboard for this is harder to use. Overall, it is good and I need to get used to it. The size and the weight is pretty good. The battery is pretty good too
R2ORKNLMG1OYLM	3.0	Getting there (but buggy & also weak ecosystem on the tablet side)	0	0	Probably the next trend/step in technology, but I use it more as a laptop than tablet. The 'tablet' portion of the windows ecosystem is still very weak with few metro apps (e.g. most annoyingly, no proper Spotify metro app so playback stops when you shut the cover - frustrating!). Also I ran into waaaay too many bugs, some quite serious while using this. Good and getting there, but I'm not yet entirely impressed, especially given the cost.
R8TLVRVH27TTZ	5.0	Excellent Product	0	0	Excellent product.Can use is a tablet or laptop. I got the I7 with 256 GB and I'm in love with it. I also got the Type cover which is a must as it protects the screen while not in use and also turns it into a real laptop. It's fast, very slim and I can do all I used to do with my old Lenovo T410. I'm a consultant and I travel every week. I used a backpack and now it weighs less than have than before. I definitely recommend this product.
R110TQ0O0PCQP2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Perfect for my wife. She loves how mobile and light it is.
R1X5OL50QC1AIM	5.0	Nursing school dream machine	0	0	This is a GREAT investment! I'm in nursing school and up until now i had been printing all of my PowerPoint lectures to take notes with. This allows me to download the PowerPoint and take handwritten notes right on the screen. Now idon't haveto carryaround huge binders full of paper! I also use it in place of my huge planner, post its, and review books. I would recommend this to ANY student. I couldn't be happier with my purchase.
R20VO1B0OH0WF5	5.0	You'll be amazed at the amount of tech in such a small package	2	3	What a fabulous device. It's awesome. Can't wait for Windows 10. Only chink in the armor is the Marvell WiFi chipset. Lots of problems with it. Cannot always attach to WiFi routers. Yet, all of my problems went away when I swapped my routers out and purchased the new WRT1900 AC. Now the connectivity went from shockingly poor to shockingly great!
R13FIIR2JU6G50	5.0	good tablet	2	3	very good, exactly what I want. I don't like win 8, but I really like windows applications. The only thing I hope they will improve is the battery life and power saving applications, for example power saving music or video player. The battery last roughly 5-6 hours for my type of use. (videos, documents, apps, web, some game occasionally).
R2DI3ZS7Z3QT2V	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	recommend this product to everyone. such a great machine
R23IQ9Z56F2FOC	3.0	Nicely built, fair performance and significantly overpriced.	0	0	My family owns 2. Nicely built, fair performance and significantly overpriced. If you like Windows 8 (Note: MS is tripping over itself to get its replacement to market) save yourself a lot of money and buy a good laptop/notebook with a touch screen and independent graphic card. You may pay a little less, you will get better performance and you will have more flexibility in upgrading OS, hard drive, memory, etc.
R13RGKS0MFZYBO	4.0	great ^_^	1	1	Great device, I haven't encounter any problems with it.
R21H4PRPFVMJBI	1.0	Garbage, no more than	1	1	5 months and it is broken.. Garbage, no more than that
R1EP2Q6HU4ESE3	3.0	This is a great little tablet/computer	0	0	This is a great little tablet/computer. I was told by Mircosoft before I purchased the Surface, that my programs were compatible. Well guess what, my main program was not compatible. I even upgraded to what the manufacture said would work. And guess what the new version still was not compatible. I don't know if its the operating system windows 8.1 or what. I hear window 10 will solve the problems..
RAVY2002B2JUP	5.0	The Surface Pro 3 is an excellent computer condensed into a convenient tablet PC	0	0	The Surface Pro 3 is an excellent computer condensed into a convenient tablet PC. With the keyboard, I feel this tablet can replace a desktop and/or a laptop. Loaded with Windows 8, the Surface Pro 3 can run all the full software programs I need, including Adobe Photoshop. The stylus is very accurate and I was amazed how well the handwriting recognition works. I am very pleased with this purchase.
R15BSU4YYAEG2L	5.0	incredibly powerful yet portable with amazing battery life.	0	0	Incredible device. A tablet, that's flexible with its kickstand allows for handheld, lap or desktop use. Lightweight and comfortable to hold. The keyboard cover is almost perfect. Its powerful and sleek with awesome battery life. I finally have one device to use for work and play. I highly recommend this for users who still need full desktop applications but want the portability of a tablet.
RQWGW03E7XD3N	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent price and excellent product. Great seller!
R29YE10VHD8FH3	5.0	Great Product and Seller	0	0	It arived on time and everything works wonderfully. I was alittle upset that it didn't already have some kind of charge right out of the box. After a few system updates i was able to upgrade from Windows 8 to Windows 10, which is wonderful. I'm able to use my surface with the pen during classes to take notes, which reduces the amount of stuff that I have to carry in my backpack all day at school.
RT7XWB1PLG0LE	5.0	Quite Pleased!	0	0	Have owned my Surface now for approximately 3 months and I am extremely happy with my purchase. The unit is very good quality. The keyboard is very comfortable to type on (extra purchase). I have been pretty happy with the battery life. The saying "this can replace your laptop" I feel is actually quite accurate. The screen is nice and clear. The touchscreen is responsive. Very happy.
R347HJBDM4X8GV	5.0	Best tablet EVER!!!	0	0	You aren't going to get a geek filled tech review from me. However, I have had several tablets, including ipad and this is by far the best tablet I've owned. I use this as a field computer with full version apps installed and have yet to experience even a hiccup. As much as I hate MS, great job on this piece of hardware... your operating system still sucks but the MS Pro 3 is a hit with me.
R3I5BYGPQKB8CT	5.0	Tech Microsoft	0	0	First its awesome.No problems with shiping amd no damage. Whats my favorite is the computer Mobile vision.Knock it for the Windows 8 launch. Lay into it for how it debuted the Xbox One. But, when it comes to its latest product, the Surface Pro 3, don't pull out the torches and pitchforks just yet – Microsoft is working on More its the Best. Family Love it. Came in handy for Work the Most!
R185YR36JLZPME	5.0	Amazing 100% Business laptop/tablet	0	0	Amazing Computer, next generation! I was very skeptical of using the Surface Pro 3 as my 100% business laptop. Well I am blown away, will never look back and wished I only had purchased before hand. My old Dell Laptop was sucking the life and productivity out of me. Very pleased purchase and highly recommend. Recommend purchasing the keyboard, bluetooth mouse, dock and large monitor.
R3RRNH7DQ1LFE6	4.0	Received a defective unit from this seller but Microsoft replaced it no problem	0	0	The original device I received was defective - the unit would not turn on despite continuous charging. For the price, I was quite disappointed and thinking whether I should even bother getting a new one or just getting my money back and buying a Mac. Thankfully I contacted Microsoft directly and the replacement/return process was very easy. The new Surface I got today works great so far!
R1ZNNBMYSHMT7D	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great for what it does, best of both worlds so far.
R32MB24VVU1HN9	5.0	Don't think, just buy it!	1	1	Best laptop/tablet on the market. Fantastic device!
R2Y3D517C86ULE	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Fun little device. Light weight and user friendly.
R20887V42BBF8L	5.0	Great as a laptop or tablet	1	1	We love it, easier to travel with than old lap top.
R1DI3I3I3OB2LC	5.0	Good computer for our straightforward uses, happy with Windows 10	0	0	It is a good machine and Windows 10 is a good step relative to 8 or 8.1. The tablet itself seems solid and has handled all our stuff, mostly standard office and web tasks, with no difficulty. It operates happily with a Logitech Bluetooth keyboard, so the docking station is not a requirement. Good screen, and the sound system is more than adequate for Skype calls and web stuff.
R2Q3DG3DI9UJZT	4.0	Just figured out the one thing Surface Pro 3 can't ...	4	6	Just figured out the one thing Surface Pro 3 can't do. You cannot plug in a USB external DVD drive to watch a movie with Windows Media Player. Or use the drive to convert DVDs to other format to have on a stick. So it really isn't a real computer.
RXI3G2MWGC27E	5.0	their service and customer care makes the price beyond worth it	0	0	I bought mine in late August and thought it would end up sitting on a shelf and maybe using it every once in a while. I was wrong this thing is amazing. But what is even more amazing is that when a portion of my screen stopped responding to touch I sent it into customer service they paid for everything. They paid for the overnight shipping both ways and sent me a new one
R117GWHA4HAVTU	4.0	Love the size and weight as well as the fact ...	0	0	Love the size and weight as well as the fact that I can run all the Windows apps I need to do business design work. My biggest complaint is that my internet email starts up so small the I can't read the screen. I can stretch it on the screen. But it's definitely not user friendly nor like a laptop display. I have tried several different settings but nothing impacts it.
R3ABBDFTEH9X0K	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I don't even use my desktop or laptop any longer.
RZD4Q6PPGY3GB	5.0	I like everything about it	0	0	I have been using the Surface Pro for 1 month. I like everything about it, it's speed, ease of use, portability and I had a very favorable interaction with the Microsoft Store. Microsoft rates equal to Apple and maybe better when it comes to hardware and software support. I am extremely please with the Machine and would highlyrecommend Microsoft's Surface Pro's.
RTS3828XAICDP	5.0	Highly recommended for work and home	0	0	An excellent tool for the office. home and on the road. I like the fact that it operates the full version of Windows 8 and the Microsoft Office Suite. An exceptional value. If you use your computer to do primarily word documents, spreadsheets and internet browsing, it has the capability to replace your desktop or laptop computer with a very light and portable unit.
R17O1UME8CNLKT	5.0	Awesome machine! Keyboard is much better than I expected ...	0	0	Awesome machine! Keyboard is much better than I expected and the touch pad ok. It is fast, really nice display and convenient. Durable, portable, and powerful! Apple and Android have a much better app store, but the versatility of this outweighs any app store. It really is a tablet/PC combo! I will be getting another one for my family when the Surface 4 comes out!
R2BW9Z0IYYQGZJ	3.0	I like the machine	0	0	I like the machine, but I have had problems with it since I received it. The USB port had a loose connection. When I tried to send it back the company was going to charge me a $250 restocking fee. Be sure you read the return policy before buying from any company. They told me to contact Microsoft and have them fix it. I just paid the $75 to have it fixed myself.
R2VLE6EBZ8N1EC	5.0	Impressed	0	0	If you have used Windows for decades it is hard to give up! This Pro 3 plus the Type cover allow you to either use all the new "touch" features of Windows 8.1 or run in a conventional Desktop mode which is 95% like Windows 7. I did manage to move my old copy of Office to the Pro 3 and it works well. The tablet and the keyboard together only weigh 2.5 lb,
RWDYD7I6J2184	5.0	The whole line is great and the pro 3 is spectacular	0	0	I have the surface pro 2, pro 3 and a surface rt. All working in network and in concert with a 3 external monitor set up. The whole line is great and the pro 3 is spectacular. Iam so impressed with the system I have gone all in on it. Have the dock blfor both the pro 2 and the pro 3. The battery powered keyboard for the pro 2 also works great on the pro 3.
R1ERNFM3WW1335	5.0	I would wholeheartedly recommend one for a college student	0	0	I've been watching these ever since they came out and decided with the 3rd generation to give them a shot. Quite simply, they are REALLY a slick device. I've now bought 3 of them. I would wholeheartedly recommend one for a college student. They, along with OneNote, are designed to help keep a person organized and, secondly, they can run full blown PC software.
RRVHTF7T6NKWH	4.0	THE CHARGER IS HORRIBLE...	0	0	I honestly love my new Microsoft pro works like a charm and is great so far for my college classes. The problem I have is the charger that it came with does NOT fit! I have to sit and hold it just right for it to find the charge!!! I don't know if it was just mine I received or what, but it's super annoying. Would of given it 5 stars If I had a decent charger.
R2S3FX90Q9W596	4.0	A versatile tool.	0	0	For several years I used an iPad to archive photos and music on my vacation. But transferring files or edit photos has always been a major complication. I hate ITUNES and the corseted way it manages the music and photo files. I think I finally found a versatile tool that allows you to easily perform these tasks. The only draw back I found is the battery.
R1FAKNZ4LAK42M	2.0	Too many issues for an otherwise fantastic device.	3	5	This is a fantastic machine... with massive compatibility and driver issues. Firstly, this has got to be the best computer/tablet currently on the market, if it weren't for the problems. The good side I am sure you can see for yourself - an ultrabook in tablet form. I bought this with a type keyboard and a leather cover which attaches to the keyboard, so if I want to use it as a tablet I simply pull the Surface away from the magnet attachment and its good to go. The cover also works with the kickstand so it sits nicely on the lap (which it wouldn't do without the cover). The bad side is the number of issues I have had with it. First it wouldn't connect to the wifi. It took a lot of scrolling through 3rd party websites to find out that I had to change the channel on the router which was an easy fix. Of course I had to try all sorts of different things before coming to this solution and the Microsoft website was no help. It seems they don't want you to know that it isn't compatible with all wifi channels. This is a glaring problem if you need to use it on a work network where you can't change the network settings. Second is the screen size. Microsoft lists one of the pluses of this machine as the ability to play full PC games. The screen resolution is fantastic, but the graphics card is incapable of rendering most games at this full resolution. Games are still playable at a lower resolution, but the problem is the screen is a funny shape - where 16:9 or 16:10 are now the most common, this is 3:2. Games simply don't have standard 3:2 settings that you can reduce your screen to. It takes trial and error to find resolution that will display within the bounds of the screen and keeps the mouse lined up with what you are pointing at. My current issue is that it won't connect to the Microsoft Wireless Display Adapter. This was sold to me at a Microsoft Store with the Surface Pro 3. This appears to be a common problem which coincides with one of the automatic updates of the Surface. People have reported it as being fine one day, installing an update and being broken the next. I still haven't been able to solve this although others have. Despite all of this I would still love the Surface Pro 3. Just don't buy it if you aren't comfortable troubleshooting issues and reinstalling drivers. It is surprising that Microsoft would not do more to ensure that their own proprietary hardware worked with the devices they advertise it for. It is also surprising that they would release updates that cause glaring problems while solving very little.
R24FFUI0TB6AP2	3.0	Math Notes / Screen Issues	3	5	After much research, I chose the SP3 for a tablet as a digital note-taker for math and physics and as a screen for general web browsing and watching films. Here are my initial observations. 1) POWER ISSUES - After my first evening of use, I came back from work and it wouldn't start. The last time I had left it, it was fully charged. I have no idea what it was doing when I was gone. I tried all the power holding button tricks and it still wouldn't work. I heard it can go into limbo if it's sleeping while Windows is updating. My advice, do all updates first, and turn off automatic updates. I exchanged mine and the people at the store were very nice about it. 2) MATH NOTE-TAKING - Two comments. First, writing math proofs using the One Note pen feels very nice. It was easy to erase stuff, and everything translated nicely from the pen to the screen. On the flip side, the ink to equation editor is not ready for prime time. This editor was an incentive for me as I hoped to use it to write math tests and math symbols more quickly than I could with a Word Editor. That's not the case. I tried writing the set of integers in bracket notation and it wasn't even close. On the flip side, it handled basic polynomials reasonably well. Still, I love doing math on this screen. From my research, it's the best out there. (FYI, you definitely want to download the free OneNote Microsoft Office "app?" not the One Note App that it comes with.) 3) ERGONOMICS - The kickstand is super cool. It adjusts very smoothly to allow a great working space, and it looks good. It does not click. There is rubber attached, and you have to really move it to adjust it. I like being able to adjust the device to any level without having to use something extraneous. Solid job here. It's stable, yet easy to adjust. 4) WEIGHT - At first it feels very light. After a while, it feels a little heavy. There's a desire to hold a tablet with one hand and carry it around. The weight definitely got to me after a bit, though I guess that's the price you currently pay for having a full blown operating system. Of course I wish it were lighter, but it's lighter than my Macbook Air. 5) EXTRAS - I didn't purchase the attachable keyboard. I have a laptop for writing. I figured I could get the attachable keyboard later if I really wanted it. I got mine with a free carrying case through the Microsoft store as they were offering a deal. The carrying case is very well made. You definitely don't need a keyboard for this. 6) MUSIC/SOUND - Upgrade over my Macbook Air from two years ago. This is now my primary music player. I can crank up the volume. I recommend Songza for a great set of playlists that are free. 7) MOVIES - I am a little disappointed. The screen looks super, but when I watch movies, and I tried the Netflix App, Netflix on Internet Explorer, Neflix on Firefox, and HBO GO in the Internet, it looks a little grainy. I want to watch movies on this, and the picture is okay, but not as nice as my Macbook Air. The good news is that a Youtube HD video looked better on the SP3. This leads me to believe that the machine can handle better looking videos and my hope is that they will eliminate noticeable dark graininess in time. Video playing is decent, but not first rate. 8) OPERATING SYSTEM - Feels like a hybrid. I get that Microsoft is trying to appeal to users who are reluctant to switch to something new, but the original desktop mode and control panel look outdated. Now, if it's a full operating system, I expect it to act like one. I can make windows any size I want on a full operating system. Not so with the apps. I know there are fancy tricks to adjust them to a split screen, but this does not work in portrait mode. If I want to watch a lecture and simultaneously take notes, I want to be able to try it in portrait mode to optimize the lecture, but for some reason you can't. 9) CONCLUSION - I was set on returning mine, but I went into Staples and it felt so good writing math proofs on it I had to give it a second go. I'm also lucky enough that my wife got this for me as a gift. In some respects, it's a super cool device, but this is a steep price to pay if you are not taking full advantage of the operating system. It seems ideal for educational math/note-taking purposes, but it's hard to justify paying this much simply for a digital notebook. I really hope they can upgrade the video performance on Netflix/HBO GO. From what I can gather, it's the best digital notebook period. The rest is fun, and a little hit and miss.
RFIY6WT3FZ72T	5.0	Amazing Experience	3	5	About me and why I chose Surface: I'm an architect, and I'm constantly getting messed with tons of paper (drawings, notes, documents, plans). Then I have the urge to organize it all and I end up throwing away lots of important information because sometimes you just can't be organized enough. Introduction: Surface Pro 3 came to change that. This pen is just awesome. Build construction is unbelievable. Microsoft has done such a nice job here. It's not ipad-air light, but let's remember: it's not a tablet. It's a full computer. I run Autocad and 3dsmax on it. Keep that in mind. It's not that heavy either: I carry it all day long and it's easy to forget that you're carrying a notebook when there's no weight difference in your backpack! Performance: Blazing fast. Apps open instantly, and desktop software run as smooth as it did on my 4 years old core i7 notebook. Sometimes even faster. Intel's new integrated video cards seem even better than my old GeForce mobile deticated drive. Software: Windows 8 still has its weak points and they annoy me a lot sometimes. If you're coming from Google's Android mobile ecossystem as I do, you'll constantly be struggling with simple tasks as email, contacts and calendar sync. Battery: 9 hours is just too optimistic. With heavy graphics use (I don't do games, just CAD and 3d software) you'll get 5h at last. But it's not a problem since the power adapter is so light, not a burden to carry. Type Cover: Please don't buy surface without it. The extra $130 are worth it: build construction is very nice and the typing experience just delivers everything you'll need for work. Pen: I had a Wacom Intuos Pen&Touch with millions of pressure levels and I never got the chance to love it. It just felt weird. The Surface Pen is awesome. I feel very satisfied with its performance, drawing or writing. Top Pros: - Light - Fast - Pen (amazing) - Type Cover - Mobility (mine has reached another level since I bough the Surface) Top Cons: - Windows 8 - only 1 USB port - Mini DP is always a down - 9 hours of battery use won't do even for a kid
R1RA23KGTE6TRJ	5.0	It's wonderful, I'm so happy with my purchase	1	1	It's wonderful, I'm so happy with my purchase.
R3IR41ZMXTVCWN	4.0	... model for the last few weeks and so far like it a lot	3	5	I've used the i5 128GB SSD model for the last few weeks and so far like it a lot. Performs way better than my Asus Transformer T100 2-in-1. It does everything I need it to do. The only issue I have with it is that it runs pretty hot when downloading updates or movies and the battery could definitely be better. I will run for a few hours, say 5-6 before dieing which it has not done yet, but I would like the battery drain to be a bit better than it is. Preferably I would like it to be about 10% per hour. At the moment it is probably closer to 15-18% per hour. This is basically watching a movie or TV show with the brightness around 35% but no more than 50%. These are movies or TV shows downloaded onto the device versus streaming via netflix or from my networked computer server. I will say that it does charge pretty quickly via the stock power adapter. I haven't timed it but i can stick it on the charger for a quick 10-20% for if needed while I get showered and dressed. I also recently bought a PNY 128GB MicroSD card so between that and the internal 128GB storage I am pretty happy. Still have two 64GB MicroSD cards as well as spares a long with the ability to use full size USB thumb drives and/or external HDDs which I love as well. Also having the MiniDisplay port was great on a vacation I just took and was able to hook it up to the TV in the room. The one reason I was unsure if i would like it or stay with it was if it would replace my iPad rMini. At the moment, battery life is pretty much the only thing my iPad rMini gives me over the Surface Pro 3. I will say that my rMini does run a bit more stable as well but overall I am happy with the stability and performance of my SP3.
R1PR8DNQA3DD4Y	5.0	Worthwhile	2	3	Excellent workstation/tablet. Replaced my 2011 macbook Air with Surface Pro 3 i7 512GB. Came with Office 365 and 1TB OneDrive- so the 512GB hasn't really paid off. I practically never touch my ipad anymore and use my surface as my goto laptop as well. The single drawback is cost.
R3BPTOX1JWJW41	5.0	I couldn't be happier with my choice	0	0	My wifes tablet and laptop were both falling apart. I'd been debating on replacing them for a while, and started researching about two months ago. I decided to look at a 2-in-1 deal and narrowed it to the Surface and a few like-devices. I couldn't be happier with my choice. It performs exactly as hoped. Clean looking, sturdy. Lightweight. I love it.
R19H6GY7J6P1T7	5.0	BEST PURCHASE AS A STUDENT	0	0	The surface is super awesome and handy. 12 inch screen is the perfect size I would take this over a MacBook easily. Pros: Touchscreen Light small very portable Keyboard and charger snap on with no effort Good for e-books, feels like a book almost Cons: No complaints for an average person who is semi into technology
R15UGTTRD1TX4Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect device!
RPE5GYAF1Y5TH	5.0	Love It	0	0	Been wanting one of these for a long time. Have the Surface RT already but it was not compatible with most things I wanted to do. Larger screen than the RT is also much better to see. No need for a laptop, this does double duty.
R3532O3PEZQA3I	5.0	Best Tablet Made for Those Who Need MS Word, Excel & Outlook! Lacks Apps Badly...	0	0	I have an iPad and I have a Kindle (lol). This is by far the best tablet for me and what I do. I use MS Word, Excel and Outlook quite a bit for my line of work. You don't get that with an iPad, or if you do, it's sketchy at best. This however, is the ultimate solution. Cons-There are hardly any apps for MS besides the popular ones. It amazes me how few there really are.
R14IPMV68UUN6P	5.0	Should you buy one?	0	0	PROS: -Oustanding build quality -Sharp and bright screen -Hugely versatile all-in-one -Very accurate digital pen CONS: -Not great on your lap -Too big for small tray tables -Lacks full-size SD card slot You only need a laptop, so ignore the Surface and go buy one: http://bit.ly/1xOZx7L
RQLXSR84K9FOU	2.0	Not quite as advertized.	0	0	It works ok, but I have difficulty keeping the stylus pen linked to the Surface Pro 3. Also, This provider shipped me a European model so the power supply was not a US 110 v, it came with a crappie little adapter that falls off all the time. Also, every time Microsoft sends an update, the surface pro reverts back to UK, English mode.
R24Z4WXXDC02S2	5.0	Great product	1	1	Great product, just received and works good.
R247JX94V9MCT7	5.0	would recommend to any professional looking for a lightweight travel table ...	2	3	returned a Surface 3 to purchase the Pro 3. Do not let the i3 fool you, this is a powerful table and i use more often than my home laptop with an i7. would recommend to any professional looking for a lightweight travel table for personal or professional use.
R2SZ0XBIDXVJEZ	5.0	Microsoft scores	0	0	I have been a Surface fan since they came out. I love the workmanship, the forward thinking that produces such a great piece of gear. Light, powerful, and running full windows (soon to be Windows 10). I have installed Adode MasterSuite- no problem at all. High-end tablet that looks and performs as such. Well worth the cost.
REUGV71YI96I7	4.0	Great but.....	0	0	The product it self is wonderful and very useful for me as I am pre PA and drawing, recording, and taking notes is a must. Now that I learned to switch to Android makes this 10x more a beast. Only thing is if you have problems with it the seller will not contact you and help or respond. That's why it has 1 star taken away.
R3D9IZZ75IK8CX	5.0	That aside I love this tablet	0	0	Needed a lengthy update when I received it. 3 months of the warranty had also been used up by the reseller that sold it to me (new). That aside I love this tablet. I use it as a laptop most of the time and it's thin profile and light weight are perfect. Display is gorgeous, touchscreen is responsive and without lag.
R30NPNMRBVPLVD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	So awesome! Amazing tablet computer hybrid
R2EP8OPVRYMMCX	5.0	Great For Portable Video Editing	0	0	This thing is amazing. I got the i7 version because I needed to be able to do video editing and VFX on the go. the only time it gets throttled is if it's been rendering non-stop, but even then, I can have a video rendering from Adobe Premiere and still be able to run other applications at the same time. I'm impressed.
R3HCHDCF8F9OYH	5.0	Recommend this for anyone thing of getting a new computer	0	0	It has taken a little bit of time to bring me up to current with this product as my old lap top had Vista and the new one is windows 8.1 and touch screen. This is so fast and everyday I am thankful that I bought this rather than another Dell. So light. I haven't found anything so far that I didn't like on it yet.
R3KGT0RVW1FH6	5.0	Excellent product! Now I want a second one do I don't have to share.	0	0	I was skeptical that I would like such a small laptop, but my wife and I both really like this device. The screen is super crisp and clear, the i7 model is very responsive, the design and portability are top notch. I didn't realize the surface 3 came with the stylus, which was an unexpected added bonus.
R3I9TF44SZ15N5	5.0	Surface pro 3 awesome	0	0	love the surface pro 3 the only issue was the one i got from amazon looked like it had been used i sent it back for a refund and ended up getting it from Microsoft it truly does replace your laptop best of both worlds tablet and laptop also go with the UAG case and the ZAGG - Glass Screen Protector perfect combo
R3AJXL8O0JDR1C	5.0	This is a very powerful tablet and the best part is it runs full fledged windows so there ...	0	0	With One Drive and Drop Box now you can have all your documents in the cloud and go from your desktop to Surface with ease. This is a very powerful tablet and the best part is it runs full fledged windows so there is no compromised on what you can run. Add the keyboard to it and you have a powerful little laptop.
R34ZY0TZ53KU3C	5.0	The new Surface Pro	0	0	Works as advertised, light weight and fits well in my travel bag. I like it's size and slim line. The programs and tech are another matter and you have to appreciate having to "upgrade" from the older programs. I like staying with a program once I get comfortable with it so newer is not better for me
R1D0DJOTOX4GBZ	5.0	It makes you feel very happy to do work on it	0	0	this is absolutely a worthwhile product of every cent spent on it. It makes you feel very happy to do work on it, watch movies, listen to staff etc... it t surely can replace the laptop 100%. one very small negative though, the fan gets a bit high noise when gets warm. but overall not a big issue.
R2D8TJD6LIM0JH	5.0	Powerful, lightweight ... perfect for my work!	0	0	This is what I've been looking for to do the work of both my old laptop and my tablet! It's plenty powerful and can operate on my work VPN, something which my fellow iPad users can't do. Love the OneNote function and the stylus. It's great to be able to carry and use one device when I'm in the field!
R3LYIILYIJS5PK	5.0	Great	1	1	Best tablet/computer out on the market.
RPIAOQB94BC0O	5.0	The replacement functioned correctly and I am really happy with the product and and the quick turn around ...	0	0	The 1st Surface Pro 3 I received was damaged in its production or delivery. I had requested a replacement and I received it in a couple days of my request for replacement. The replacement functioned correctly and I am really happy with the product and and the quick turn around to replace my order.
R3VIICJ009EHNY	5.0	clear step up from the already excellent surface pro 2	0	0	I also have surface pro 2, ipad air and samsung galaxy pro 12'' . Surface Pro 3 is all combined together. It is too early to make a comprehensive impression, but so far it is fantastic. I travel a lot for work and this will save me over 1kg of shoulder cabin luggage and bring hours of enjoyment.
R1IB91DFE36ZSJ	4.0	good but it gets hot and fan noise	0	0	Overall I'm happy with the product. I have one concern is that surface pro 3 gets loud fan noise. It doesn't happen when I'm writing, but when I watch movie or any stream videos then it gets loud and also it gets hot too. Other than that, this is must have replacement of any laptops out there!
R1YJE7U7VJQIW1	1.0	#MicrosoftSurfacePro3 screen cracked spontaneously after one month! Wife's birthday gift ruined :(	1	2	Microsoft Surface Pro 3 (128 GB, Intel Core i5, Windows 8.1) - Free Windows 10 Upgrade I bought this device for my wife as her birthday gift. The following is her review: I am typing this review from my old laptop. Why is that significant? Because a crack has appeared spontaneously on my new Surface Pro 3 after just 2 1/2 weeks of use, and it is now almost completely useless! I have since found several online fora which reveal that this is indeed a major issue with the #SurfacePro3. I am devastated! As a teacher, I depend heavily on my laptop. I have had several different brands over the years. My husband decided that it was time to make the sacrifice to get me a lighter one- this was my birthday gift, but I was allowed to select it. After weeks of searching, the #SurfacePro3 seemed to be ideal for me. Once I began using it, I fell in love with my #SurfacePro3- So light, so lovely, so everything that I wanted! The battery life was great, the size and weight perfect, and it was so quick. I was recommending it to friends, family, students, everyone! Now, I am wondering if I have to tell everyone not to buy #SurfacePro3! Well, I certainly don’t want to do that, but I do have to find out what #Microsoft will do about this issue before I say anything to anyone. Of course everyone protests that they have been careful with their device, so I don’t want to go down that road. I simply want to say that even if someone drops the device, it should not crack so easily. It’s a portable device, so it’s supposed to be pretty hardy. I did not knock, drop it or handle it badly in any way. When I opened the device in the morning, there was a touch-point moving around on the screen and it was not responding. The IT teacher at my school took one look at it, held his head and bawled. My lovely #SurfacePro3 was cracked. I am devastated. I really loved it, but any laptop/two-in-one that cracks with no impact can’t be worth more than one star. I will be back to report as soon as I find out from #Microsoft what my options are.
R3EF5SQJKR5IZL	5.0	It suits my needs	1	2	So I brought this monster on the very week when it was out in July 2014; so yes it had some software issues that should not have occurred; so yes I wish this machine could have run for at least 10 hours per charge, or lighter in weight, or the price included the type cover, or even equipped with better cameras... So yes my I-wish-list could go on and on and on... but at the end of the day, I can still honestly say that it fits my needs and I really love this monster. As a person with VPN service, I love to catch up what's happening at the Summer Bay at Australia's Yahoo 7 website, I also love to watch the Good Morning Britain live on ITV before I go to bed every weeknight, I also love to catch up what's happening in the Coronation Street, or watch the live news programs on ZDF or even on HK TVB. I cannot do all these on my iPad Air 2 because for one thing, it doesn't allow Adobe Flash. Yes, I did spend some money purchasing some browsers which claim they run Flash; well, it's true they run Flash, but VPN service never works on them because these browers are cloud-based, and their servers are still within the US. If you know which browser works with VPN and can support Flash at the same time, please let me know. But for the time being. Sorry, iPad! My Surface Pro 3 wins a big time. I enjoy using Windows 8.1 on two fronts: I love the metro live tiles start screen because I love the news coming to me instead of having me to click on the news websites; on the other hand, I also love the desktop portion when it's clean - practically I have no icons on my desktop. Thus I can have my beautiful wallpapers to display their various glory every 15 minutes. I paid a couple bucks on the "startisback" program, so bingo, I have all shortcut stores at the desktop shortcut bar. Again sorry, iPad! I can not even get rid of the ugly Newstand or Setting icons. These icons on the screen reminds me of the pimples on my face. Have you ever used the "TouchMe" MS program on Surface Pro 3? For a few bucks, you can set up unified hand gestures on your Surface Pro 3. I can swipe 3 fingers left to right to shut down a program, 5 fingers left to right to brighten the screen, and 3 fingers up to down to lower the volume. Have I also mentioned the amazing Kick-stand ?? Again, this monster is not perfect; but it suits me just fine!
R1PMWOIPM34CIC	4.0	Big Improvement over Surface Pro 2	1	2	I am writing this review specifically for the 256 GB Intel Core i7 processor model of the Surface Pro 3. I purchased this device as an addition to my Cintiq 24HD to function as a travel computer. I am a professional Animator and Director and think iIt works great and helps a lot since it can run the full adobe suite and I do the bulk of my animation in Flash and After Effects. I used to own the Surface Pro 2 which I bought for the same reason and have to say they have really improved the overall experience. The 2's kickstand was awful and it had much laggier pen response and the programs tended to be more unstable. The adobe partnership I think has helped things a lot and the 3 is working much better. That being said there are still things to work out. The kickstand now allows for the full flexibility of different positions but I notice that being a heavy handed drawer the surface tends to slip a bit while I am drawing which can be frustrating. Also I have had problems with bumping into the home launch button on the side since I am right handed. Most of all the biggest issue I've noticed is that when drawing my arm will brush up against the edge of the track pad which begins a sort of tug a war between my pen tip and the track pad. (I have the keyboard attachment which definitely should be sold with the device almost a necessity) The N-trig pen feels like it is better than the wacom pen of the previous model however there are still moments where the pen will get stuck in place and I will have to lift from the screen and touch elsewhere in order to unjam it and get the pen moving again. I have also only had the Surface Pro 3 for a week so I am only writing on my first impressions. Hopefully this will help others contemplating the purchase. I'll try to follow up with my overall impressions later down the line. I would also say given the price difference it is much wiser to go for the i7 since the lag has been pretty minimal I feel the i5 would create much more lag and many more instances of programs crashing. I am running Adobe Creative Cloud 2014.
R3BGDQOY83HANE	5.0	Best Microsoft product yet	0	0	Best Microsoft product yet, in my opinion. If you are careful of what are you doing and spend the time to learn how tom use it...after upgrading to Win 10, I don't really see the need of replacement, or even if, don't see anything to match what I can do with this. Best purchase in a while...
R3SDUV3LI42OYK	5.0	Fantastic choice	1	1	Quick, light and excellent performance
RMO4IX7GF2E6O	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great Product...will recommend highly.
RC4EJKCYKIWD	5.0	Great, wish I had gotten the 256gb version but ...	0	0	Great, wish I had gotten the 256gb version but I'll utilize this until it's outlived its usefulness and upgrade to the Surface Pro 4. Great speed and responsiveness. From reading a lot of reviews this one is 95% as fast as the i7 and faster when the i7 gets throttled because of the heat.
RU74JFHP874IS	3.0	Power users be aware...	0	0	While Microsoft pitches this as a desktop replacement, if you're a power user used to multiple monitors, be aware that you're going to struggle getting the dual monitors to look right. The resolution is strange for a two-monitor set up. I fought and fought with it before giving up. Meh.
R2JYZALRFFNFF8	5.0	Absolutely Great	2	3	Everything they say it is. I have completely mirrored my desktop's hard drive on the more than ample surface pro 500 gig ssd. When my desktop hard drive died, I was able to use the surface pro 3 as a complete substitute.
R2IQ2BK4RKOBW3	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Good and amazing I use it every where
R2CWRERTK2H84P	5.0	I received it in a perfect condition. It's new just like it was described	0	0	I received it in a perfect condition. It's new just like it was described. I've use for almost 2 weeks now. All i can say I'm surprise of what it can do. I can play games, use my Lightroom program. Even connect my printer and mouse. Everything u connect it just works perfectly.
R160IQUFZD2QLV	5.0	Love the Pro3	0	0	Love the Pro3. I had the RT for over a year and after needing a laptop replacement I decided to get this. Everyone I have talked to who also owns one loves their. I'm never owning just a laptop again. I don't game and only use it for work, school, video viewing, and music.
R73NQHVNA58S8	5.0	Light and Powerful! Amazing!	0	0	It's a truly unique device that totally blew me away. I won't write a ton here - there's plenty written on it currently, but I will say it exceeded my already high expectations. And with Windows 10 coming out it's about to become an even better device. I highly recommend!
RB9FXTVFLI4JB	5.0	Love my Surface Pro!!!!	0	0	Love it, love it, love it. Takes some time getting used to the 8.1 interface and some of the "interesting" differences between using the desktop interface or an "app", but reading a Windows 8 dummy book got me through that. This is a wonderful device
RUZJSTA7LAGFV	5.0	best surface ever	2	3	The surface pro 3 is amazing in every aspect, well built and well engineered, so far it is living up to its name as a full laptop replacement! The supplier is also fast and responsive, great service...
R385ICJ315574L	5.0	Expensive, But Glad I Got It	0	0	It is working out fine so far. I added a free Office Suite (which I am still learning, but it seems okay; LiberOffice, I think) and BitDefender software to replace the Windows Defender provided by Microsoft. It provides much better security.Great size, very portable.
R16BTQFLPA3ZU7	5.0	Can easily work with the surface propped against my lap	0	0	Amazingly well designed! Microsoft finally got hardware right! I actually use this as a full laptop replacement. Can easily work with the surface propped against my lap. And the battery lasts a good 7 hours while working continuously on wifi.
RRDV469IL1XAE	5.0	Well Worth The Price	0	0	My goodness, a BEAUTIFUL tablet! I think I died and went to heaven. It is to the tablet industry like the Lexus is to the auto industry. I'm still getting used to all the features and need the manual to operate it. But, I LOVE IT! Well worth the $.
R4DYELYRP92UP	4.0	Bluetooth Saves Money On Keyboard	0	0	Easy to set up and use. With Bluetooth, I was able to use my MAC keyboard and mouse as well, a big savings over their keyboard only. The 2-piece power supply connection was defective but got a discount after purchase and was able to purchase a better one anyway.
R126PHSVVWT1CA	5.0	Strongly recommend to everyone especially to students!!!!!!	0	0	I love it! I have been waiting for a long time! pretty powerful machine super fast, I'm a full time student and I carry this in a small messenger bag!!! strongly recommend it to everyone, especially students! will add to review after I've used it more extensively.
R1RJ785A2BPTYB	5.0	Microsft got this right	0	0	Great product from Microsoft, Two things which stand out are 1) Pen/ One Note is very useful for students to take notes. 2) Keyboard/Cover Integration makes it full a fledged powerful laptop. A great all purpose computing machine.
R3CWX9HNWJGM1P	1.0	Bad Product & worst customer service,	2	3	Bad Product & worst customer service, i own two of the most top end models, wish i could return them, they overheat and makes loud noise customer service don't respond to my request too
RU5474RJABR5L	1.0	Nice tablet...but	0	0	The one I got overheats right when I turn it on just to use one note. Or go on youtube. As soon as I turn it on it gets really hot and the fan turns on high and loud. I don't even leave it on all day. In fact, I leave it off most of the time, and I hardly use it
R2VT73G9E8ZUX8	4.0	great product and quick shipping	0	0	So far, I am LOVING my Surface Pro 3! I would have given a 5-star review, but the batteries for the bluetooth Surface Pen were dead upon arrival, so I had to track down new ones before I was able to use that feature. Otherwise, great product and quick shipping!
RPLHPG2CE0809	5.0	Love my new Surface Pro 3	0	0	Love my new Surface Pro 3! Replaced my 11year old Dell desktop. The touch screen is nice and also bought the back lit keyboard, too. Saved $ buying online instead of in a store. Still playing around with it and downloaded Office 365. Have had for about a month.
R39JFZG5VY6IW7	5.0	Wow. Love the Pro 2 and love the Pro 3. Great equipment. Win8 Pro is surprisingly easy to get comfortable with (from Win 7)	0	0	Have a Pro 2 and got this one for my son to complement his larger notebook. Really love the Pro 2 and Pro 3. These are great machines with great capability. As a stress test we are able to use them to play League Of Legends. These are just killer computers.
R1KDV4H3Y05HPA	5.0	It's Now My Primary Computer	0	0	I've had the machine for a while now and I bought the keyboard, a docking station and a case to make it work as my primary computer. It does a great job of all that. I came from a MacBook Pro. My only disappointments are with the software, not the hardware.
RV3FA8EJKCITX	4.0	Microsoft Surface Pro 3 i5 / 128GB model review comments	1	2	After much thoughts and analysis, I had decided to pickup Surface Pro 3 i5/128GB model on a deal of $899(but still this is pricy). I wanted to have something that can be used as a tablet and laptop. I was a Windows user in the past and changed to Mac for few years and started liking Mac but apple has its own problems. Apple devices are not flexible. They restricts our freedom to explore files within the devices. I had to decide between Android and Windows, but finally with Windows now. Android is really is good but not sure about installing new softwares or running flash based websites. Pros on highlevel: The hardware is really solid. Screen resolution is amazing. Really snappy. Super fast in switching between apps. Easy to switch between apps and PC Cons on highlevel: This device is having lot of software problems, some of them I have not encountered yet as what other reviewers are saying. Patch releases are going on everyday to solve issues. I believe Windows 10 should really address most of the known issues(wifi, freeze, restart, dead for a while, etc) Battery life is just Ok on running high end games/movies. But web browsing or working with some apps is better. Even though little heavy, the stand compensates it well. I'm not really impressed by the Pen, haven't used it extensively to comment on that. I'm still in the midway. just been using it for a week. I will update more after using it for some more days.
R3GHECOVOO0Q4Z	5.0	So far so good! Holds a charge well and for a good ...	0	0	So far so good! Holds a charge well and for a good amount of time. Easy to use and compact, I bought this to replace an outdated laptop. The only thing I have added is a CD/DVD read/write unit. I am happy with the performance and would definitely recommend.
R1TF693WP8UTJN	2.0	I'm very disappointed with the on going problems that I am having	2	3	This device glitches very often at startup and shutdown. I'm very disappointed with the on going problems that I am having. I have had to factory reset 3 times so far In less then a month.
R1J2POL5HH1TIT	5.0	Amazing!	1	1	I am in love with this surface!!
R7ZLQ5N2MQMOV	5.0	Great purchase!	1	2	Love my Surface Pro 3! It took what seemed like forever to be delivered but it got here. The reason I got it: I was looking to buy me my first tablet (everybody including my baby cousins had one before me). Many of the tablets that came through my research were nice and affordable, but the more I thought about it the less inclined to buying one I was. I have a Note 2 and ever since I bought it people have joked I have a laptop for a phone, to which I somewhat agree. There was no real purpose in getting a tablet if I was going to do the same things I do on my phone, but bigger. So after some research I came accross this tablet by Microsoft. I was not immediately sold on it, I still remember "the blue screen of death". I did some more research on it and decided to order one. I initially ordered the one with 128 GB harddrive but failed to notice it only comes with 4GB of RAM. I multitask a lot on my computers, like most people nowadays, so I returned the first one and ordered the 256 GB of harddrive space and 8 GB of RAM. Again, the process seemed like it took forever, but it got here. I was not happy it came loaded with Windows 8 because I don't think it looks or feels very efficient, but I got used to it very quickly. I have loaded my fave software in this tablet like MS Office 2013 and others with no problem. Now I got the best out of the tablet and laptop worlds and I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
R14B6BHO9KTK3U	5.0	A real pc and very powerful in tablet form	0	0	upgraded to Win10 this is a real pc and very powerful. Videos do tend to use more battery and cause the tablet to heat up. If you like tablets this is the one to get as you can do real work, like content creation, and use it for entertainment too.
R36N8RLBT5AKAA	5.0	Apple Who?	0	0	Purchased it for $999 so I am a little upset that is on sale for $899 now. However, that doesn't mean I will take anything away from the Surface Pro 3. It is an amazing tablet/laptop. I have had it for 3 weeks and have had no glitches. Apple Who?
R2XB8UYPBHH1TB	3.0	Very Happy Until It Died 2 Months Later!	1	2	I bought this for my daughter who is going to college soon and because of the good college student reviews I've read. When it first arrived my daughter quickly adapted to the new profile and seemed very happy...until after two months later it appeared to not boot up! The screen back light comes on, but remains black and nothing seems to fix it, including letting the battery die and recharging it. My daughter takes very good care of her electronics as her old Gateway laptop is still in great condition and is 4 years old, so I know it wasn't something she had done. She did mention to me that one time when she was charging the Surface Pro while also watching Netflix it got hot and shut down abruptly. She let it finish charging and later booted it up without issue though. I really like the Surface Pro's 3 concept, but am wondering if they simply didn't do enough to effectively protect the electronics from heat build up. I'm now sending her Surface Pro 3 in for repair. My daughter starts college next week, so I'm not very happy she will have to wait for her Surface Pro 3 until after her classes start. Hopefully this was just a fluke...but I'm going to hold off buying one of these for myself until my daughter has had the Surface Pro 3 for a while. I was going to give this 4.5 stars...but due to the reliability issue, 3 stars is more than generous. The Surface Pro 3 quality remains to be seen...
R2V27JLKS9F6T	5.0	very very good laptop/tablet	0	0	I start to use it and i ve to say no laptop again, this is an incredible machine, i ve the i7 512 gb model and it works silent and fast, no warming at all, i even play starcraft 2 and its a fast experience. The overall design is beautifull.
R1PD6RIM3GIK6V	5.0	Great Tablet/Laptop Alternative	0	0	Once you add a keyboard, this is one incredible laptop/tablet. My laptop was suffering and I wanted to have something a little more mobile and flexible. This gives me all the features of a tablet and most of the features of laptop.
R2SWUAOPW582O1	5.0	I love everything about this	0	0	I love everything about this! The split screen is awesome. I even like to toggle between the desktop and tile layouts until I set up the tiles so I can find everything. It is super easy to use and the tips webpage is very useful.
R1EA5WDQE4C0RH	5.0	The tool the business community has been waiting for! Why did it take so long!	0	0	Microsoft finally got it right. This is the tool the professional community has been waiting for. Amazing, They figured it out. Stop trying to copy and fleece what real pioneers are doing and you can actually succeed on your own.
R27EWWBFDLFAQE	5.0	Awesome Laptop...or is it a Tablet?!	0	0	The wife is making full use of her Surface Pro 3. It works as advertised and is easily the most powerful and most portable computer we own. My only problem now is she has me installing everything from Office to Kindle Reader.
R16STAND7MMQFH	3.0	A fantastic computer. The best of both worlds in being ...	2	3	A fantastic computer. The best of both worlds in being able to use it like a tablet with functionality of a computer. My son uses it for all his school work and loves it. **Update....after owing this computer for a few weeks We sadly had to return it. We loved everything about it but once it was updated to Windows 10 it wouldn't connect to wifi. I contacted Microsoft support, they were very helpful and would get it working but within 24 hours it would stop again. We tried this several times but in the end decided it was to unreliable. My son needs a computer that works all the time.
R16VPZXBMOIDGK	5.0	Great system, a little trouble with windows 8	0	0	Great system, a little trouble with windows 8, use too windows 7. does everything I wanted from replacing an IPAD to a laptop. I travel and this is light and powerful. Works great with onedrive and dropbox for doc transfers.
R1ZYE82I74HLB1	5.0	amazing device perfect for work and play	2	3	this device is exactly what i needed. works well and could potentially replace my laptop. everything i need to work and play is all rolled up into this amazing device.
R1C9HEQC9511XU	4.0	Portability without compromise	0	0	Finally a laptop replacement that doesn't replace my laptop. This is an actual computer running authentic applications that I am familiar with. I love the portability. I wish is had at least 1 regular SD card or USB port.
R1O40794VSPUQ0	5.0	BEST TECH IN 10 YEARS	0	0	OMG this is the first tech that I am completely blow away....Soo good I cannot put it down...amazing....That is all I can say...Better than any restricted iOS or Android Tablet..I can get work done and play any Steam game
R348V3HWJY7698	5.0	Surface 3 Pro Exceeds Expectations	0	0	It truly is a tablet that can replace your computer. I'm using it with a docking station (wireless full keyboard and mouse and large monitor) and then I remove it form the docking station when I want to work downstairs.
R10K5Y8LP4TSZI	5.0	Great tablet/laptop/desktop :)	0	0	Such a great deal...I'm using it as my laptop, tablet, and desktop through the docking station and with a 2 monitor setup. Totally happy with this and can't believe everything that can be done with a device of this size.
R39VP1LXG4DL20	5.0	Very light and useful laptop. Writing in OneNote and Drawboard PDF are ...	0	0	Very light and useful laptop. Writing in OneNote and Drawboard PDF are great. I wish I had this device when I was still taking classes. I upgraded mine to Windows 10 and after some initial issues it works like a dream.
R2E7T4DX0LSXLZ	5.0	Best Machine	0	0	The perfect machine. I used to travel with a 6+ pound 15.6 HP Mobile workstation and a huge charger. No I can even place the Surface Pro 3 on my bike and travel with a fully operational device in case work is needed.
R32E31O39KR1Y1	4.0	*) Good display. Big and bright and easy to read	1	2	Having owned one for a while now, I thought I'd write a review. Pros: *) Good display. Big and bright and easy to read. *) Fast...surprisingly so. It chews through things that used to feel sluggish. The 8GB is very helpful. *) It's keyboard is quite good. *) Runs all my existing applications including Office Professional 2010. And because the performance of the 8GB of RAM and the SSD, they are very responsive. Cons: *) It doesn't dock well. I had to mess with settings not just on the Surface but also on my monitor to get it to work. It seems that when the Surface sees the second monitor appear, it (for some unknown reason) decides to turn the connection off and then on. If you have a monitor that is set to auto-scan, you won't get the monitor to sync with the Surface. *) Windows 8.1 is an absolute mess. I've never seen so many obtuse ways of trying to do things. Things are scattered. It's to the point that when it's docked, my wife forgets she can actually touch the screen and tries to find ways to do things with the keyboard and mouse. None of the table / desktop interactions work at all well. This is one area where MS should be absolutely ashamed of themselves. *) It's battery doesn't seem to last all that long...so it ends up docked most of the time. If you can put up with the lousy OS software but want your existing software to run (like Office)...the hardware is quite good. NOTE: I upped my review of it when I finally got my docking station monitor to work with it. Not fun or easy to figure out and I'm sure many people won't. My old review was when it didn't work.
R2DIWYF57KAI4F	4.0	It's a fine tablet. I like the large sharp screen	0	0	It's a fine tablet. I like the large sharp screen. The pen doesn't work with most of the software I use, which is disappointing. I have software that requires a Microsoft tablet, but I really like my iPads better.
RE5E2NOFAU1TM	5.0	Outstanding Purchase!	0	0	Bought this for my daughter to use for her first year of college and she is in love with it. She has give up her laptop and uses the surface exclusively. I will be getting one for myself here in the near future.
R2ZC05J8A4BMS3	5.0	Great tool for compatability	0	0	Takes some getting used to, but overall a great product. It is especially nice for software compatibility. I also have an iPad, but I like the Surface better. The main downside is the lack of apps versus Apple.
R20C8ZVECS628P	5.0	I really like this computer tablet combination	0	0	I really like this computer tablet combination. If you like to load a lot of stuff... you might need the 128 GB. The surface is really nice to use, light, nice touch screen, and for $139 you can download Office.
R10YPES4GZ9DK8	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	More than I though possible
R3KQ3TOAYCXTLB	4.0	Had to Review. AWESOME MACHINE!	0	0	Everything about this is great. Awesome experience it is user friendly and a completely versatile machine. It does it all! Only downsides are the keyboard is not included and Battery life could be a lot better.
R1SLTBEC7JACUR	5.0	Awesome sauce!	0	0	This is the best product I have ever bought. I can safely say that I spent my money on the best tablet/laptop hybrid. I have never seen or had a product like this. I have recommended this a million times over.
RRQ2CSFOZBY3V	5.0	... fence about a tablet for awhile since I so liked my older netbook	0	0	I've been on the fence about a tablet for awhile since I so liked my older netbook. This is the best of all worlds a full functioning computer (matlab, photoshop etc.) and a touch screen that can stand alone.
R1UF4JQIVBA92W	1.0	It never worked properly. When turned on, the ...	0	0	It never worked properly. When turned on, the screen only shows the microsoft logo and nothing else. Resetting it manually doesn't make a difference. I am sending it back in hopes it can be fixed or replaced
R11KOSBIFZZ1X8	5.0	TIS Techstream Compatible!	0	0	Fantastic tablet! Worked like a charm for Toyota's Techstream software with a Mongoose PRO. If you are wonding if you can use a Surface Pro 3 for doing Diagnostics and OBD2 programming, the answer is YES!
RJVMD944GYFPO	5.0	Excellent! very reasonable price	0	0	Excellent! very reasonable price, allowed me to get the KB and a sleeve case all for under 1200, plus comes with a screen protector expertly applied along with a spare and extra pen batteries and loop.
R1V8OOP5F16X6D	1.0	Battery lasts 3.5 hours on battery save mode with 100% charge! :(	0	0	When I bought this product the battery was good, it lasted for ages, however, after 3 months the battery now sucks, I have to use it with 25% brightness, on battery save mode and it lasts about 4 hours.
R6DWZ4F4FQO12	5.0	Love mine. The on screen keyboard is fantastic and ...	0	0	Love mine. The on screen keyboard is fantastic and easier to use than the keyboard/cover. You can't use the kickstand with the keyboard, so I spend a lot of time taking if off and setting it aside.
R408BZWPDGL5A	5.0	Love it. It has	0	0	Love it. It has, for all intents and purposes, become my preferred choice when I have to take a computer while traveling. Also, it has revolutionized the way I read and annotate journal articles.
RKWDNL9FYWNME	3.0	great for watching	0	0	Window 8 takes a bit to get used to, It is not as fast, stunning or responsive as you would expect it to be for the cost. The speakers are outstanding though....great for watching videos
R11P6Y7NS5G8TU	5.0	Upgrade to windows 10 was super fast and hassle free	0	0	Stellar product. Vast improvement on earlier windows tablets. Upgrade to windows 10 was super fast and hassle free. Tablet is speedy and responsive. Extremely happy with the product and seller.
R1R1BKR3NT8V6V	5.0	Welcome to the best all around portable device currently on the market	0	0	Welcome to the best all around portable device currently on the market. Apple products may have buzz and hype. If you are looking for results and your productivity matters buy a Surface Pro 3.
RA4LNTAHPTCHN	5.0	Best computer I've ever owned...	0	0	This is the best computer I have ever owned, hands down and that says a lot... It's power, performance, display, responsiveness and beautiful design are exceptional on the road or at home.
R20CLPZQTJIKOA	3.0	Still needs refinement	1	2	Overall, I would say Microsoft has released an unrefined product. I was hoping that by the time they got to version 3, most issues would be resolved. The WiFi is driving me crazy. I have read reviews that say they lose WiFi some of the time when they boot. My experience is that WiFi doesn't work about 90% of the time that I start up the Surface. Additionally, multiple times I have booted to what seems like a frozen start menu. Clicking on items does nothing. I have to slide that start menu out of the way to show the "real" start menu (actually sounds like an old prank where you take a screenshot of someones desktop). The other day I accidentally clicked the button on the pen and started One Note. I had no way of exiting the application; I had to reboot the device (this problem doesn't exist if you have a mouse attached). I do like the fact that it is small enough to act as a good tablet and it has the power that I want to do some tasks that take a little more oomph. It isn't a desktop replacement for me, but I do use it regularly.
R1VRT36SEU3FVA	4.0	Powerful machine	1	1	But but a bit expensive.
R1LMNA1O8T9OHV	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Absolutey love love love
R2F4P6LII6GTE4	5.0	I absolutely love my surface pro 3	0	0	I absolutely love my surface pro 3. When it arrived the packaging was in tact. The speed of the surface was amazing. I was also able to download windows 10 for free of course. Great buy!
R1THBTC7DGGHZ7	5.0	Versatile and powerful	0	0	Pretty neat device. It will be quite useful for traveling and the classroom as an alternative to my laptop. Still learning everything it can do; the handwriting recognition is impressive.
R30WHG4HGWE81K	5.0	Now I'm Cooking with Gas!	0	0	Now I am cooking with Gas!! Last laptop I bought was a Sony in 2006, what a pleasure to have this - Microsoft is back in business!! Great Item, Great for traveling, just great to have.
R3ZLM39TJD8K4	5.0	Perfect	0	0	I absolutely love it. Does everything just as advertised. Wish the battery lasted longer or they atleast had an extended battery keyboard like for the 1 or 2. But still, amazing device.
R165TR6VUWEP2O	4.0	I love the rig	0	0	I love the rig... but screen cracked 2 weeks in was not even dropped it sat in my truck for only two hours before the heat got it I suppose.. But it comes with a great warranty 1yr std.
RYB9J7UQNSSTI	5.0	It's great. what else can I say? Oh, I say it here.	0	0	Better than expected and always available, light, quick, charges fast and easy to hold while I walk. You will enjoy this better than carrying a laptop around or playing with your cell.
R2ICMUUCTLAFEN	5.0	Great Device. This can replace your laptop and with ...	2	3	Great Device. This can replace your laptop and with your tablet as well. It is a little large for a tablet but it works great.
R2P164OPAWQKMG	4.0	Pretty slick, but know what you're buying...	1	2	If you are looking for a tablet, this is not the choice for you. This is an amazing laptop and really fast. You have to buy office and adobe acrobat, etc.which makes it really expensive, but you will never look back. The touch screen is a great extra and helps your overall efficiency, but the interface is windows 8.1, which if you've used before, is quite limited in "apps." I use the desktop feature most, but was able to syn it with my work windows id and using Google drive or the windows cloud, I almost have no need to remote in. Plus, if you are an artist, the stylist comes in really handy, otherwise, it is ultimately useless. Great mobility and you can plug a windows xbox controller into the usb port and use it for games. I havent tested the graphics yet, but it plays basic Steam games so far without a problem. Facebook, Amazon, and Netflix work like a charm and the large display is awesome while traveling. Very satisfied, but wish the windows store had better apps. Maybe someday they will rival Android or iTunes.
R3039RY342ZSQB	5.0	Worth the purchase, maybe surface 4 will be something to get.	0	0	Surface pro 3 is one of MS best product, I just wished they would have made it so that the stylus wouldn't just sit seperate from the tablet. They could have thought that out better.
R1C0RN5AFHP0MD	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Excellent. Thanks.
R1FR7EYKFJ79NS	5.0	i feel like the perfect user for this product	0	0	i feel like the perfect user for this product: it safisfy my daily use and runs a couple old game pretty well. plus it's convenient to carry around and the One note is my favorite.
R1CFKPCQHYK1HO	4.0	Worst out-the-box experience ever - but a decent computer	1	2	[This review was rejected by the Microsoft Store website - for obvious reasons] I bought a Surface 3 last night at my local Microsoft store. I brought it home and it gave me an error in the startup procedure and refused to continue. Restarted didn't help. I took it back to the store and asked for a new Surface - which they accommodate. But the new one gave a sad-face, blue-screen when starting up. The sales person said they all do that. And explained they were misconfigured at the factory. So, he restarted that one and made it through the startup. I think a heads up would have been nice from the sales folks, since they were aware of this defect. Other than that, the Surface seems like a fine computer. [Additional Info] I've now used the Surface for a few days. It's a nice computer. Great battery life. It's a very nice improvement from my HP Split X2 that finally died for good. But Microsoft appears to have had a batch of misconfigured new units. So, be aware of that.
R2EWS7UY2IZWPN	5.0	I am very happy with the tablet so far	2	3	Tablet is well done, windows 8.1 needs improvement. I am very happy with the tablet so far. I will replace my Ipad air with this.
R2CAFN47OW7IO3	5.0	Better than the alienware laptop i had.	0	0	I dont leave anywhere without it. Had the original surface pro and the surface pro 3 was a much needed upgrate. I'll probably wait until the surface pro 5 before i upgrade again.
REMX8GLS4K43W	5.0	EASY TO USE	0	0	AFTER 40+ YEARS OF COMPUTING THE PRO 3 IS A DREAM COME TRUE. TOTALLY FUNCTIONABLE, EASY TO USE, TREMENDOUS POWER! IF THE PRO 3 DOES NOT EXCEED YOUR NEEDS COME BACK IN 40 YEARS.
R1EBK7MSK1VGIR	5.0	Desktop Replacement	1	2	I started with the Surface RT which was ok for browsing internet, then went to the Pro 3 i3 model which worked great as a tablet. The obvious advantage of a tablet vs. a notebook is that its more comfortable to sit with it on your lap and not have a keyboard in the way. A couple of months ago started thinking about replacing my desktop with a laptop, but after thinking about it for awhile decided that I could replace the desktop with a more powerful Pro 3. Bought the i5 model, the dock, monitor, mouse & keyboard and it works fine as a desktop replacement. I like the fact that I don't have multiple devices to keep updated and synced. Should mention that I also have a Windows fine and love it. Am convinced that both devices are going to work even better with Windows 10 this summer. Highly recommend the Pro 3, just figure out how you will use it so that you buy the right model. The new Surface 3 looks like it would be fine as a tablet, but believe you need the Pro 3 as a desktop replacement.
R13SIT0F455HR8	4.0	Great piece	1	2	As a proud owner of the original Surface Pro I was curious what the two years difference since the introduction of the original piece will do. Well, you can of course read all those official reviews and get a pretty good idea of what changed. The Surface 3 is lighter, bit bigger and pretty much thinner. The new kickstand is pretty flexible. Surface 3 has newer CPUs and more memory options. And it has a new pen. What I like most is the screen and its resolution. Together with the 12'' size it works really well. As a PC tablet for on-the-go the i3 version with 4GB RAM and 64 GB drive is perfect for me. No hiccups, no overheating, good weight. What I don't like much (so far) is the new pen. It's not that responsive and easy to use as the one with the original Pro. At least for me. Plus why the silver-ish with purple color? But I give it a chance. Overall a great Win Pro tablet. The pen at this moment is the only thing holding me back from total excitement.
ROYR77M69KZ5N	5.0	Great Laptop Replacement	0	0	Very happy with this purchase. I have been able to complete all work related tasks easily. I have not played any games, but I've heard it's perfectly adequate for most games.
RCCU7DPJE975J	3.0	Did not like it. I now have inherited this surface	0	0	My husband bought for him own use. Did not like it. I now have inherited this surface. (wife) So far I seem to be enjoying it. It does take a bit to get used to....
R2JHJADG2PAQ57	5.0	I love this machine	0	0	I love this machine!! It's like a computer but it's a tablet. I can take this anywhere and do anything on it. I can work on it and my kids can play games on it. Awesome!
R1DJBTQDYO2VO2	5.0	Perfect, this is now my wife is using	0	0	Perfect, this is now my wife is using , she doesn't use the desktop computer anymore . The included pen makes it easier to sign documents and email back. Highly recommended.
R1OWFNFVLWFNZ5	3.0	GREAT PRODUCT EXCEPT FOR HEAT AND NOISE	0	0	NOISY FANS AND RAN HOT. FAN MADE SCREECHING NOISE INTERMITTENTLY OTHERWISE FUNCTION WAS ADEQUATE EXCEPT FOR HEAT AND NOISE. SELLER MADE ADEQUATE RESTITUTION
REWRIE9IN3PZ1	5.0	Great seller! Item brand new in box as described ...	0	0	Great seller! Item brand new in box as described for a reasonable price. I would definitely purchase from this seller again. The Surface Pro 3 really is a fantastic tablet!
R24QEKJOD30Y62	5.0	My newest geek toy.	0	0	Just got this a couple days ago, but I am hopelessly hooked on it. Replaces my laptop and tablet. My only complaint is that the Kindle app for this device could be better. It's a little different from the Android app.
R18N1PMD8LHZDI	4.0	No need for Ipad after Surface Pro 3	4	6	No need for Ipad after this product for those who used to use windows operating system.
R19MCSUO30XWHM	5.0	I can't use the touch screen because of cracked screen but rest still works great.	0	0	Even survived a 3 or 4 roll over crash in my Ford I was using it for music on a trip. I can't use the touch screen because of cracked screen but rest still works great.
R26OF53UXWNR9O	5.0	Good both ways	0	0	The surface pro is not only good on the surface but also in its inner parts. It's powerful, fast, especially when downloading apps and nice to work with all the time.
R2CR0LE356XF7X	5.0	Love this tablet.	0	0	Super cool. Super fantastic machine. The stylus is a much more precise instrument than other tablet pens. I use it out on the work site with an Incipio capture case.
R1ZBYABK3QQ4G4	5.0	excellent packaging, and the tablets (I ordered 2) work ...	0	0	quick delivery, excellent packaging, and the tablets (I ordered 2) work better than I expected. Not really a windows 8 fan but am becoming more comfortable with it.
R35L6SCVAV3H19	1.0	I've Had It!!!!	1	2	I am revising my previous five star rating, I loved this computer. Never thought I could say that about a machine. But the touch pad on the keyboard is driving me CRAZY!!!!! I thought I would get used to it but nearly a year later it takes me 5-6 tries to do almost anything I'm wanting to do (including this review) because I am suddenly somewhere else on the page or various screens pop up invited to disrupt whatever I am trying to do. I am so frustrated I could through this thing out the window. I understand that there is a new keyboard coming out in November. If it is not a touch point like Lenovo's notebooks and pads I will do just that despite the time and money it will take to change, I don't have the time and patience to deal with this insanity anymore. Everyone I know who has this idiotic touch pad feels the same. I've had it!!!! And that is a shame because otherwise this would be a wonderful notebook/pad.
R33WVZVDQ7506M	4.0	Great purchase. There was a small dent on the ...	0	0	Great purchase. There was a small dent on the corner of the surface no big deal really. Works perfectly but the fan noise is pretty loud and it does get pretty hot.
R27PA77W3YZLJJ	5.0	Great tablet!	2	3	Screen is so nice with awesome resolution. Impressed with the fast start up time as well. Really nice tablet overall!
R6HBEJGRZ0IUO	4.0	Every thing was just as advertised except the battery charger ...	0	0	Every thing was just as advertised except the battery charger didn't work. It was replaced by Microsoft, but I had to wait a couple of weeks before I could use it.
R21LTNTCES3CUB	5.0	Love This Tablet Computer	0	0	Love this tablet/computer. The surface area is just right. not too small and not too large. The color is amazing, and it's performance so far has been excellent.
R6GJF8OHFHHTG	5.0	Very nice tablet! Beautiful screen	0	0	Very nice tablet! Beautiful screen, size is great. Love the pen feature. I work with photos and the pen feature is great for working on photos on the screen.
RWQ1XG83KYLQG	1.0	Great Hardware, Horrible Software - Nothing More Than A Toy	8	13	I pre-ordered an SP3 512 from Microsoft, and anxiously awaited it's arrival. The hardware seems great, but I honestly have not been able to use it for anything serious for the year I have owned the device. I do not claim to understand why Microsoft is pushing so many different things that I don't want, like One Cloud, tiles, and the requirement that your SP3 be logged in at all time, which implies a constant internet connection. The Surface Pro 3, however, doesn't come with any built-in broadband capability, so if you ever hope to use it away from your home or office, you either have to move from public WiFi spot to public WiFi spot or carry a battery powered WiFi hotspot. To use Windows 8.1 you have to be signed into a Microsoft email account, and that makes no sense to me at all. If you read all the explanations for people trying to get their Windows 8 computers to work, the Microsoft line is that these are all "enhancements", and to provide increased security. If you try to disable One Cloud because you don't know what it's putting out there and don't care to learn or risk it, all sorts of internal capabilities stop working, like the Email app. In Windows Explorer, the libraries are a convenient way to get to folders you use often, but the One Cloud icon is always on the left side, and it would be very easy to accidently copy files to the cloud instead of one of your folders. The problem is that you can't hide the One Cloud icon or move it out of the way. The first time I disabled One Cloud, my SP3 got so capability impaired that I copiers off my files and reset everything to the factory settings, then reloaded all my software, and sat through all the updates before I was able to use it again. A few weeks ago a small portion of the touch screen stopped working, and I swapped out to a new unit, complete with software reload and hours of updates. Now my email has stopped working again, and I have gone through the validation process with a code to my mobile phone at least 10 times, and every time the process ends with an error code. If you search on the error code, you find a lot of other people have had the same problem, and there are several suggestions for ways to convince your SP3 that you own it again, but all of them end in the same error. My only idea at this point is to reset to factory settings and reload a 3rd time, but this process is getting old. Every time I have done it so far, as soon as I put in my Microsoft email address, my old screen saver shows up, which tells me that several things from my computer have gone into the cloud without my permission. Why can't Microsoft just let you use your computer without pushing all these "enhancements" on us? If there were another operating system option for SP3 hardware I would be all over it. #======================================# Update : I had high hopes that with time I would either find work-arounds for the Windows 8.1 problems or at least get used to them, but after a year now, it's not the case. My Surface only gets used about once a week now, because there are just so many things that don't work. They push OneCloud at you so much with that being the default destination on several applications. If you try to turn it off, you lose Email capability. I thought I had a possible application where I could use the Surface for something useful - to control photographic flights for a UAV. After you get past the problems of no internet connectivity away from available WiFi by buying and always carrying a 4G Hotspot, and the problem of no GPS by having one built into the UAV, there is some problem with the USB port connecting to the UAV that none of my other 4 portable computers has. Somehow my Surface has started taking any touch on the trackpad as a mouse click. This is makes any kind of worthwhile use a joke. If you search on the web for "WINDOWS 8.1 DISABLE TAP" you will find a lot of other people having the same trouble, and I tried 3 or 4 different possible solutions before I just gave up and put it back in it's case again I have yet to find anything you can do with a Microsoft Surface except read the news or watch YouTube - but both only if you're at home. Very disappointed and surprised at a Microsoft product this bad
RM92YCDYFQEX	2.0	Let me begin by saying that in terms of aesthetics the machine is beautiful. The keypad is really amazing and works almost ...	8	13	I am an artist and art historian. I have longed for a computer that could do it all, that is let me draw and type and take notes with a pen. After doing months of research I thought the Surface Pro 3 might do the trick. I bought the 128 gb core i5 model. Let me begin by saying that in terms of aesthetics the machine is beautiful. The keypad is really amazing and works almost as well as my Apple Air laptop. It is really fantastic how it clicks in and the key travel is really great. The major disappointment is the pen. I already own a Samsung Galaxy Note Tablet (first generation), and I have Note 2 phone. I assumed that the pen on the Surface would work as well. It doesn't, at least not when drawing in Sketchbook, or in Photoshop. It seems to work fine for taking notes in Microsoft programs. I also have a Cintiq 12wx pen tablet that is attached to my main computer, and although this is a very old model, it beats the Surface in terms of sensitivity and in terms of mimicking the experience of drawing on paper. I just cannot get comfortable drawing with the Surface pen. It does not seem precise to me. To be fair, some of the problems I have with the pen are not Microsoft's fault. I had hoped to use the pen to mark up papers in Adobe Acrobat XI, however Adobe's program does not work well with the Surface. It gets completely fouled up in terms of the touch controls, and it gets confused when you try to write a period (it thinks you are making some kind of selection). Microsoft Word takes pen input much better. One Note also makes it a pleasure to use the pen. But the major reason I bought the computer was for drawing, and I just feel that the stylus is not responsive enough or accurate enough. As a tablet, the Surface is also not ideal. For a full-scale windows computer, it seems light. However, when you sit in bed or sit on the couch it quickly feels heavy to me. The Ipad is so much better for reading or browsing the web. Also the Ipad does not get hot. The Surface quickly gets warm. If you attach the keyboard, it becomes quite heavy in comparison to other tablets. Finally there is the problem of the Windows 8.1 software. I am a veteran Windows Desktop user. I love Windows so much, I use my Apple computer as a Windows laptop. But the tablet charms start interface just does not compare to either the Ipad or Android in terms of its intuitive ease of use or its aesthetics. Some of the programs written by Microsoft work well, but other vendors do not seem to be focusing on their programs. For example, the NYTimes program is quite ugly and clunky in comparison to the Ipad version. This might seem like a small thing to some people, but I read the Times everyday. I wanted to like the Surface Pro 3, but I am afraid it isn't there yet for someone like me. I am returning it. Why doesn't Apple make a tablet for artists that would take pen input like a Wacom?
R343YEFFTKYWE6	4.0	Love this!	0	0	Great as a laptop but it does run hot which worries me a bit. I am being careful to use it until the battery runs out, which is about two hours on average.
R2613F6JRMN1DL	5.0	A great little pc-come tablet	0	0	A great little pc-come tablet. I am very happy with this product so far. It does heat up often however which is a slight concern but I am happy overall
R19O07C8V4D4K1	3.0	Surface Pro 3	0	0	Word inconvenient. Windows 7 is much better. This also makes changes when none have been requested. Sorry, I put comments for this in the cover in error.
R18J1191TOKY38	1.0	Expensive Deception	41	64	Experience -- 37 years as a systems design engineer contributing to Mainframe Computer development. This unit has already had 93 updates in 6 weeks. This is close to a GB of new code. This flux makes it impossible to troubleshoot problems. You can't determine if you are dealing with program incompatibility or a deficiency in unit design. I've already spent 7+ hours on line with MS techs trying to resolve both hardware and software problems. The result is that I am now on my 3rd unit -- because, no one can pinpoint the cause of existing problems. This last unit is also unstable. Its OS (Win 8.1) is reminiscent of ME and Vista. Its "charm" offensive is blatantly offensive. Wi-fi and blue tooth remain erratic. If they don't initially engage on startup, it locks up the restarting capability of the tablet upon shut down. The sole remaining option is to try and access the OS through the BIOS. This sometimes requires 4 or 5 attempts before you are successful; and, even then there is no insurance that Wi-fi will work afterwards. If it doesn't, you are back into this cycle all over again. This is extremely frustrating to be sure. Next, the USB port on this tablet does NOT support an external CD/DVD read writer, because it was "purposely under powered." What mentality would sanction that decision? Also, the Hard drive cannot be partitioned due to encryption; so, you can't use it for backups. Micro SD cards cannot be used to backup the system either, while 3rd party backup programs are able to use them without problem (?). And, while I am on the issue of backups, don't get fooled here like I did. The Win 8 "backup" program can't transfer a disk image to a larger format, because it's parameter sensitive. Techs at the Microsoft store can't do it for you either. So, you will be stuck rebuilding your preferred configuration from scratch. Encryption is the problem. Apparently it's integral to the tablet's function? The weather app is also hopelessly broken. The list of problems and bad design just goes on and on. This unit is NOT ready for prime time. Therefore, purchase at your own risk. __________________________________________________ As my experience with this unit confirms, Microsoft continues to release (to the unsuspecting public) both hardware and software products that it knows are inherently problematic. Undoubtedly, its Marketing Division shares a large percentage of the blame. For, the potential for "profit at any cost" now seems to drive these major corporations around. Beyond that, the activity of trouble shooting next generation products off the back of its consumer base (in the form of "necessary" updates) is simply unconscionable and needs to stop. More research and development in line with real world use (test bedding) is required to give the consumer a fare shake here. And, Microsoft needs to pay real attention to this problem before its image is totally destroyed.
RRQQTOAASP5FA	5.0	It is the best thing since slice bread	0	0	Absolutely love my Surface!!! It has completely replaced my laptop, workstation, and tablet. I can't say enough. It is the best thing since slice bread. :)
R10FNRBTR2YTF5	5.0	nice product	0	0	I have a problem at the beginning with it but the warranty was awesome. After this the surface works great. The sistem it's very fast and is easy to carry
R3PSTAT3X1UKS5	5.0	The Surface Pro 3 is excellent! It is exactly what I needed and has ...	0	0	The Surface Pro 3 is excellent! It is exactly what I needed and has exceeded my expectations in every category. I wish it had been available years ago!
RZLGR0PVN6JJA	5.0	I love this. Wish I could afford a faster one ...	0	0	I love this. Wish I could afford a faster one to play better games on, but this one works very well. I can stream from Steam or my Xbox one flawlessly.
R1CRZ0WZYPFOZR	5.0	This is a great, portable device	0	0	This is a great, portable device. The keyboard cover is a must to me though. The pen and touch response is spot on and it runs everything I need it to.
R2KXO545J2KUMT	5.0	Very nice device. This was a present to my wife ...	0	0	Very nice device. This was a present to my wife and she loves it. I am very impressed with the graphics and speed. Very easy to set up and start using.
R2IBVN8COD2KQW	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Practical and handy
R1G1GIH1Y52U34	5.0	doing Photoshop in my LazyBoy	0	0	As advertised--great machine. Enough power, speed & screen sensitivity for my Photoshop work with stylus ---or finger. Works well with printer & external drives. COMES WITH DEFECTIVE POWER CORD. After a couple of months---FANTASTIC computer.
R39UYHYJZD9PCD	5.0	Good Tablet	0	0	I love this tablet! Other than the wireless issues (sometimes it drops connection and I have to reboot it or reconnect), it's a wrothwhile purchase,
R25BM93RRFCD1T	4.0	As I read before I bought it the i7 is ...	0	0	As I read before I bought it the i7 is a lot hotter running but its also a lot quicker and seems to help my battery last longer. I'm very satisfied
R3GU2EF0BW100F	5.0	Make sure to download the N-trig wintab driver here if ...	0	0	Make sure to download the N-trig wintab driver here if you do digital painting and digital sculpting. http://www.n-trig.com/downloads-drivers/ :-)
R36XXJR1R9JNCK	5.0	Great Product	0	0	Very good resolution on the display and very touch sensitive. It is easy to use and is the best of a tablet and PC in one. I would buy this again.
R2UBFSTQ5LXRPC	5.0	Surface is great!!!	2	3	This is my second surface (first was RT), once I switched from a clunky laptop I've never looked back.
R3HC3DFCSJ3QDH	5.0	Great product. I have shifted all of my Kindle ...	0	0	Great product. I have shifted all of my Kindle books to it and have loaded Office 2010. It prints on my home networked printer and works well.
R19ZQ6BSLPG1U4	4.0	It was an easy set up and less expensive than Best Buy	0	0	Have been busy at work, so I have not done much. It was an easy set up and less expensive than Best Buy. Recommended to me by a close friend.
R17O8LNFTOU486	5.0	Very nice one!	0	0	Bought one of this at BestBuy. Very thin, not too heavy, very clear screen and lots of computing power. Microsoft Office runs just fine on it.
RYGU01VOY6A85	5.0	I love my SP3	0	0	I love my SP3. I wanted something that I can take along with me to school as opposed to my hp laptop. For the prize it is absolutely worth it.
R3EOGT7G1UP701	5.0	Best tablet in the market	2	3	Way better than the IPad tablet. I replaced my laptop with this. Definitely worth the investment.
R9DY9TE127NL3	5.0	Great product!	0	0	Great product!!!!! I had a dell xps 1330 and this is a huge upgrade. I love the the size and portability fast and has a beautiful screen!
R1VAA9WUIMZ26J	5.0	Has it all.	0	0	It has it all and is easy to use on the go. Extremely happy with the portability and functionality, perfect for a teacher. Get the 256 hd.
R1C9Y0PC7HG4MU	5.0	Truly did replace my laptop. I use it for everything	1	2	Took a little while to get used to, but it truly did replace my laptop. I love everything about it now. I take it everywhere because it is so lightweight and durable. The battery life is good, the interface is solid once you get the hang of it, and there are some really great tricks you can do with it. For instance, you can wirelessly connect your Surface directly to your smart TV. This allows you to watch videos right from your Surface to your TV, or enlarge an Excel document to the TV. My only disapointment was the lack of apps (no snapchat, instagram, ect), but downloading Bluestacks helped me with that. The top right of the tablet does also get pretty hot. I have the Core i7 and am really amazed at what I can do with it, but pretty expensive.
R282UBEV11LQMG	3.0	Can't complain from the computer point of view, but the pen is giving me second thoughts	1	2	I use my Surface for work and a variety of programs. I'm no means a power user, but I do some serious spreadsheet work, as well as web surfing and work applications. The Surface is great for portability. I use the keyboard mostly for input because I need to keep the whole screen open when I type. I am only giving 3 stars because the pen is unreliable. Microsoft has sent me a replacement which works better than the first one that kept disconnecting. 2 weeks into the new pen and its disconnecting a lot. Almost like its going to sleep. I might just go back to the Mac with a mouse. If you carry your computer around a lot and use the keyboard, you do get used to flipping the kickstand out. That was the main change for me going from the laptop to the Surface.
RML09HZ6BAG0H	3.0	Great tablet but received defect hardware!	1	2	this is a great tablet!! but MS has to be more careful and should check and confirm before send out the device to retailer or customer!! now i still in the process of replacement!! (at the time of writing this commend is the second time of my replacement). the common problem of this SF3 is: 1. yellow line/tint on your screen (my first SF and my first replacement) 2. dead pixel. (my first replacement) 3. bleed light of screen. (my first replacement) 4. warm/hot on the top corner of tablet. (fix by firmware update of MS 9/9/14) overall this is a great device and replace my other gadget (e.g. ipad, and my other notebooks). hope MS will have Thunderbolt port on next level of Surface gen!!! regards.
RELK0DSM74HU7	5.0	This unit is pretty slick. Combined with the docking station and arc ...	0	0	Fast shipping. This unit is pretty slick. Combined with the docking station and arc touch bluetooth mouth makes everything a slick unit.
R7FD67S62SU1Z	5.0	Love it!	0	0	Love it! Prompt delivery and it's the best personal laptop I've ever had...still looking forward to Windows 10 though :) Thanks so much!
R3TTX88BQ85E88	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It is really good
R1TXZ2PMVH7A9O	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Excellent tablet.
R10XFUM8SGIYMV	5.0	I now have reclaimed real-estate on my table top since the Surface is easy to store in a drawer or cabinet	1	2	When I first got my Surface I had trouble getting it started and after a phone call to Microsoft and another to my nephew (another Surface proponent), I got started. My go-to is solitaire to learn a new machine. I got to play a few hands twice and the machine froze. I took it to a Microsoft store and they determined I had 'ad-ware' and they swapped my machine for a new one. Have had no more trouble. This machine has changed my life. I now have reclaimed real-estate on my table top since the Surface is easy to store in a drawer or cabinet. Also I don't need to turn it on as often as I did my laptop because my android phone is linked to my Outlook as is the OneNote app that came with the Surface. I am very happy with this machine.
R3CAPA74RZ74GQ	5.0	I love this!!	0	0	Gave up my laptop and my android tablet for this.. Great decision! I love my Surface Pro 3! Small enough to tote around. Great clarity.
ROYUTGP4AN444	5.0	This a great machine. I have the previous version and this ...	0	0	This a great machine. I have the previous version and this is far superior. The size to weight ratio makes the tablet easier to handle.
R68JCWABTA703	5.0	wonderful	2	3	This is a combination of a laptop & tablet great product would recommend rather then a laptop
R30P7UH68IL0YH	5.0	Amazing for kids and adults	0	0	Awesome for kids!! The apps suck for recording songs with a USB microphone though. I recommend getting the 128gb because it goes fast.
R1E41BTIBNS8RI	4.0	I love it but it sure does get hot while using ...	0	0	I love it but it sure does get hot while using it. I think this problem was fixed in Surface Pro 4 model - from what I heard anyway.
R2PO98FN6NN6I4	4.0	I like this product	0	0	I like this product. I wish I would have gotten more memory just with a few installed programs and with windows 10 I have no memory.
R1AI67H7IDGSW9	5.0	This gift from my husband, has surpassed my expectations ...	0	0	This gift from my husband, has surpassed my expectations. I have replaced my laptop entirely and now travel light bit well equipped!
RB1RVBEFEOZ73	4.0	pen is awesome. Most important cons	0	0	A lot of pros: handy, light weight, both tablet and pc, pen is awesome. Most important cons: Hangs a lot. Overall great experience.
R3H4FUJFSC4PFN	5.0	satisfied	0	0	I am satisfied with the service. Had no problems with the equipment, everything looks grate and it got here on the time expected.
R1J6BN693Y5MDY	4.0	I'm happy with my surface pro	0	0	I'm happy with my surface pro, I like the convenience of transporting a lighter device and it works as hard as desktop computer.
R2RAILS4B7E7I8	5.0	Could not be happier - highly recommend also purchasing the keyboard cover for ...	0	0	Absolute gem of a device. Could not be happier - highly recommend also purchasing the keyboard cover for a complete experience.
R2R90DRMHE0KU8	5.0	I've never been happier with a computer	0	0	it is incredible and i plan on having this device for years to come, and when it's old i'm trading up for another Surface Pro.
R3EHKUB1BR3DB9	5.0	Performs the way I want it too, can be ...	0	0	Performs the way I want it too, can be a little glitchy but since my laptop does similar things I assume it's due to windows.
R1C29E0W0M704Z	3.0	Out of Region Product	1	2	The unit was an "Out of the Region" product, meaning if it ever needs to be serviced, it had to be sent to the region it came from...France in my case and I live in Louisiana???? While Microsoft was able to help with the Pro Pen replacement (it was not working) the support person who helped suggested I try to exchange the unit with an "In Region" product incase any future problems arose with the unit. Not too happy with the unit ordered within the United State and the product's origin from some other country! I will attempt to contact Amazon to see if I can get it replaced. Other than this issue the Surface Pro 3 is a what I expected and I'm pleased so far.
R2EGF23BOIVBC8	5.0	Read and reply please I want to know what readers actually think	6	10	Current Computers I used over the past 6 months - MbA 11" i7, 8GB,256 GB SSD HD MbP 17" i7,16GB,1 TB HD iPhone 5 iPad 4 and mini 2 Custom PC Notebook running Win7 i5, 8GB, 500 GB HD Surface Pro 3 i7, 8 GB , 512 GB SSD I LOVE MY APPLE PRODUCTS. Now with that said, I purchased my Surface Pro 3 in early September because I had a flood and some old computer was damaged and it was valuable and I had recoverable depreciation to use and so instead of purchasing another Apple ( I currently have the best Mac book Air 11" on the market ) I checked out the Surface Pro 3. I only looked at the product because Microsoft wised up and used an Intel CPU instead of the Nvidia joke in the Surface Pro 2. The product is smart and built without all of the small design flaws in the iPad. Mainly the speakers face you instead of face the bottom of the unit so your private if you use low sound instead of having to constantly hold the iPad to bounce the sound off your hand, Also with Windows 8.1 ( Windows 8.1 is too touchy and I cannot wait for 10 ) you are able to use multiple screens at a time and generally most would think that would be a pain in the neck , but it makes putting large documents , compositions , and information in the right place better than ANY device I have used to this date. This item is twice the cost of an iPad and is missing the 4G cellular capabilities. The battery is half the life of the Mac Book Air and the AC adapter is awkward on the Surface , but in all ways better than the iPad. I have not used any of the iPads since setup of the Surface Pro 3. I still use my Mac Book Air and Pro , but since I am synced with Microsoft Office I have tended to use my Apple Computers to watch Netflix. If the Apple Computers had touch capabilities it would be better than the Surface , but Apple will not go that way until the iPad stops selling and with the 5 years it took Apple to figure out no one wanted an ipod and finally removed it from the market last month they will not fix this critical error and Microsoft may finally put Apple to rest on the PC market. As for my iPhone I am loving it and will keep it until it stops working with my products , but if it gets any larger why not carry around my iPad mini as a Phone. - I am not a reviewer I felt that this review would let people know that the Surface Pro is out there and ready to stop you from buying apps on the itunes store and allows your computer and ipad to be one Awe Inspiring Device. That I actually bought the extended warranty on the Surface as there is a package with the $130 keyboard , $100 MS Office 365 , and $70 2 year 2 time replacement warranty. They don't care how it breaks they will just replace it twice with out you having to repair it. No worries about dropping, spills, or acts of stupidity. I figure I break it twice go through a total of 3 of these things at least 2 years will have passed and I will be ready for a New computer , who knows it may be an Apple if they get their product line straightened up.
R365VCRPL8UQ5G	5.0	AMAZING!!!	2	3	Very powerful device! Excellent for students that want something light and portable.
R24BC5ZHF8CL73	5.0	works great. I updated to Windows 10 without any problems	0	0	works great. I updated to Windows 10 without any problems. I love it. I am a prime member so I received it in two days.
R2OL1OGTYIDX0O	5.0	What a cool item though	0	0	Just wish I can figure out how the heck to use it right. The Surface Pro Book for Dummies helped! What a cool item though.
R4W0M6JX6GOZ2	5.0	I have also Pro 2 but this one bigger screen ...	0	0	I have also Pro 2 but this one bigger screen and also faster. It is a computer in tablet form. I use it next to my MacPro.
R3DBK5TB532HO3	5.0	laptop and tablet in one device	0	0	Laptop and Tablet in one. Fit for use in home and office use.Just make sure you buy the keyboard which sells septately
RXQ8RYCK6QEPB	5.0	Great design for a Tablet/laptop.	0	0	After getting used to Microsoft Windows 8.1, I really like the Surface Pro 3 as a replacement for my desktop computer.
R36VAATSXQHT4E	5.0	Best purchase ever!	1	2	This was the computer I originally wanted but went for a cheaper laptop first and still regret that decision. I was sick of carrying around my 15.5 in laptop back and forth and my shoulder would be hurting by the time I got to the office and on top of that just wasn't satisfied with my laptop so after a few months just decided it was time to get the surface pro 3 and I am soo happy I did. It's worth every penny I haven't had a single problem with it. I use it for work and personal use and the best part is throwing it in my purse and not having to carry a separate laptop bag. The Microsoft Surface pro 3 literally fits all of my needs.
RSYLEIXTYHDHT	5.0	all-in one mobile and desktop needs	0	0	Wow! What a versatile device for all-in one mobile and desktop needs (with docking station). So far I just love it!
R3RBXC16EHKOEQ	5.0	we all should have one !	0	0	this was a xmas present for my son and it was his first choice and he loves it ...clearly as advertised and much more
R3HA51ZJTXYJ5L	5.0	Excellent! Nice Big scree and clear	0	0	Excellent! Nice Big scree and clear! I wish Microsoft could have preloaded Microsoft Office or home to it though- smh
R3TO476EK1VDU6	5.0	There is no question that this is a better device all around	0	0	F to the U to iPad!! SP3 i5 256gb is THE WAY to go! There is no question that this is a better device all around!!
R5BO8AO19PAZ0	5.0	Love it it exceeded my expectations	0	0	Love it it exceeded my expectations, I use this computer for work! Its light weight and convenient to use anywhere!
R38KIN6V21SOFU	5.0	Great All-In-One solution	0	0	Great All-In-One solution, works for office, and home, low profile light weight but all the power of a real laptop.
RE4P32ATV0BHD	5.0	As good as you'd hoped	1	2	I don't know how Microsoft managed to produce something this good while Steve Ballmer was at the helm, but manage it they did. The display is crisp and high-resolution, Windows 8.1 works exactly the way it was designed to, and the pen input is flawless. Buy the keyboard cover if you get one of these, obviously. Also: the kickstand will rotate back farther than you think it will; it's got at least 2 stages of resistance to motion. Battery life is great, and you can install Visual Studio/Matlab/SPICE/whatever strikes your fancy (perhaps excepting games) without worrying about whether it'll keep up. Highly recommended.
R141FGBW8IGG7K	5.0	Great Product	0	0	Great Tablet/Computer especially for business only down side it doesn't come with office have to purchase separate
R7RG5BLHXZV3J	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	I bought this for my wife and she loves it. Just the right size for her lap.
R3C4UEC07591LF	5.0	Like it alot	0	0	This is the 4th surface we bought this year for (4) different people and we really like how functional they are.
R3MYCO2E5I6O9W	5.0	Great product	0	0	Another great product of technology, the product's cool and awesome features will help you in your daily lives.
R3L5WVX3RLNVOI	5.0	Amazing Tablet	0	0	Love this tablet, it preforms better than most all on 1 desktops, let alone its so called tablet competitors.
R2QSJ94GLDET5D	5.0	best buy ever	0	0	best buy ever !!! im a college student and its great for note taking and studying, very lit weight inloveeeeee
R3S0OFFZRA15PS	5.0	Perfect Device for Everything	1	2	This is an amazing device! It can do any thing that you need it to do. It is light and portable, but fast and powerful! It truly is the tablet that can replace your laptop. I use the SP3 as a full replacement for my laptop and desktop and I love it! Although if you are going use it as a desktop, you may want to consider the dock! I have had no problems with mine except for my pen going out, but Microsoft replaced it with no fuss and I got a new one within a few days! The customer service was amazing and I am extremely pleased with the device. You can't go wrong with the Surface Pro 3!
R3U8FW106VPAS1	5.0	Beats iPad and any other laptop. This is the ...	0	0	Beats iPad and any other laptop. This is the kind of portable computer I've been waiting for all these years!
R2AKCYAXCR6RQO	4.0	Four Stars	2	3	love the Surface, the only reason for not all five stars is lack of apps.
R2SL6KKFYW5F46	4.0	Good replacement	0	0	This seems a very good replacement for my HP Mini Notebook with the added advantages of the tablet function.
R1DJ1FD5W2CFDE	1.0	FL Studio users maybe not buy this	2	3	Super laggy while running FL Studio even after adjusting buffer settings
R2309WZ7YBVIT7	3.0	No service/slow service	1	2	I can't get Microsoft to respond to the problems I am having. I have signed onto their web site requesting a chat and a return phone call several times and have received no response. It runs hot. It makes a crackling sound. It is frequently hard to start. Frequently I have to hold the on/off button 30 seconds and then press it once to get it to start. It worked fine for about two weeks, and then the problems have been adding up the last three weeks. I just received a response from Microsoft. Although the problems have not been solved, we are working on a solution.
RH7N8RUSD0ALW	5.0	Great product	0	0	Works great and came in awesome condition. Needed something to do schoolwork on while traveling for work.
R2794RHB3L8NZ1	1.0	Very disappointed.	1	2	I had a Surface 2 and was very excited to upgrade to the Pro 3 after my touch screen stopped working. Unfortunately, I was not able to load my software on the device via SkyDrive or USB. Tech support couldn't help and didn't call me back when the call dropped. I'm sending it back and will look at other options. Microsoft Office apps are not available for this device in the Microsoft Store and it doesn't come with Office pre-loaded. Not at all what I was hoping for. I don't want to buy Office 365 and this device would have forced me to do so. Very disappointed.
RXUMPBN0XOKP5	5.0	Great Product	0	0	Can not be happier with this product. ITs my travel laptop and does everything I need it to do and more.
R2QAWZTLOQPW8T	5.0	Highly recommend!	0	0	Best 1400 dollars I have ever spent. Light, powerful, and the pen is amazing for schoolwork and projects.
RS3EKHZPAHJNE	5.0	light and great battery life	0	0	Does indeed replace the old PC. Quick, light and great battery life.Takes a bit to get used to Windows 8.
R38XOBXY7OTL7A	5.0	Great laptop, desktop, and tablet replacement if you need MS Windows op system	0	0	Superb market entry by Microsoft! Stunning graphics, touch screen, keyboard, and amazing processor speed.
RC7BNZARTC4BL	4.0	Great computer -- power supply not so much	1	2	In general I like the SP3 very much. One complaint is that the AC cord fits so loosely into the power supply body that it won't stay plugged in or make reliable contact. Since I had a previous one with the same problem, I fixed it by rubber banding the plug on the AC cord to the power supply body. It's too bad such a rinky-dink retrofit is needed to make a new $80 power supply work, but it does the job. Also a minor software issue - it really does not like to log onto GOOGLE.COM from Internet Explorer. A little more net neutrality is needed there.
R3S70JDIHNVGGN	4.0	Much bigger and better than surface pro 2	0	0	Bought it for my daugter, she uses it for homework. It's way better than her brother's Surface pro 2.
R2RTXUS2O3LGJO	4.0	I love the surface Pro	0	0	I love the surface Pro , but this one I had to send back because the screen color was a bit too yellow
R2ZNAUPJ6UGBOP	5.0	so easy to carry around and the custom clearance of very	0	0	Absolutely an incredible device....so easy to carry around and the custom clearance of very affordable
RC0IJG1IPVP66	3.0	Not without its drawbacks...	1	2	Not without its drawbacks, this is the brightest shining example of not only Microsoft's vision of a laptop-free future, but the entire laptop-tablet hybrid category. Pros: + Sharp display and design + Huge Type Cover upgrade + Can truly do whatever you demand from it Cons: - OK battery life - Runs hot at times - Type Cover still optional Would recommend checking out this version of the Microsoft Surface to ensure it warrants the price tag: http://amzn.to/1GIgGPC
R1N1PSWSA5LUJ7	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	The Surface Pro 3 is downright fantastic, a much-welcome device compared to its disastrous origin.
R3S15O5J0JWWHZ	5.0	Worth every penny	0	0	Absolutely fantastic! The best of a tablet together with the best features of light-weight laptop.
R1JZAW36NM0X5C	5.0	I think it's a big bargain to buy this surface ...	0	0	I think it's a big bargain to buy this surface. It can be used as a pad as well as a notebook PC.
R2QUCMSU4LLRAT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great product, additional built in USB ports would be nice, but I knew that before I bought it.
R793SA49H5O39	2.0	Wonderful when it worked!	1	2	Tablet worked for 3 days before the tablet's screen would not turn on, or would come on for a minute, but then the screen would stay off. The tablet was fully charged, and plugged in. Tried the two button reset to no avail. Initiated a return, but the only option was to receive a refund, not a replacement, which is what I really wanted, because the tablet was great when it was working. Now I will need to wait for my refund to process before I can purchase another- from a different reseller this time.
R28UH1EY9YZYPB	5.0	AMAZING	0	0	Probably my best purchase so far. Went from a laptop to the Surface and I'm never going back.
R2T53V3S2YZR51	4.0	Other than that it works great.	0	0	It has a hard time opening and working with heavy excel files. Other than that it works great.
R1CRSDHQ2OS8LY	3.0	OK, not but a true replacement for a laptop PC.	4	7	I own a Surface Pro 3 which I did not buy from Amazon. I did buy the keyboard from Amazon, however. I use a Windows 7 desktop PC at home, a Windows 7 SSD laptop at work and I have an iPad for other stuff. Pros Great display. Fast boot-up: faster than any of my other devices. It's Windows, something familiar. Runs Windows Office (the real one) perfectly. Nice design for the main unit: thin and compact. Excellent WiFi capabilities. It has a real USB port. The charger has a second output that is USB. The kick-stand is clever. Cons The Microsoft keyboard is expensive and flimsy. The typing action is poor, especially given its price. You can't type long documents comfortably. The built-in trackpad is overly sensitive despite the settings, so you also need a mouse. To replace a one-piece laptop you have two buy 2 accessories? Unlike the iPad where the touchscreen is optimized for fingers or a capactive stylus, this touchscreen is optimized for the teeenie-tiny Microsoft stylus. No matter how large I make the icons and menus, it's easy to make the wrong selection. The stylus has a button that launches an annoying note-taking program. Whose idea was that? You can load any browser on the device, but the experience is poor because the stylus is primative or you need a mouse. I question the durability of the keyboard with its cloth-like backing. The Windows 8.1 Metro interface is forgettable, but you can avoid it by installing Classic Shell. Perhaps Windows 10 will fix things. I had problems with Windows Update. It wouldn't work. Chat support was good and I fixed by doing a prolonged push-button power down. Summary When I want a tablet, I grab my iPad. The Surface can be used in a pinch for a short business trip when I need Office, but it's not a good tablet and it's not a good laptop. It's something in-between.
R5RZ2U50985RN	5.0	Amazing Product!!!	3	5	One of the most amazing devices I have ever used. I use it at work for its OneNote and it is so easy to write on with the pen and never glitches. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a new computer and wants it to be very portable and easy to use. I also recomend you get the docking station and the Type Cover with this.
RXEOL2NMEWC9R	1.0	Check your items	3	5	Received the tablet under the belief it was new, incorrect. It was refurbished. The power cord did not match the product and after going to a local Microsoft store, they confirmed it does not match what should have been packaged and received. Microsoft Store fixed it but should not have been an issue in the first place.
R38D0UZE9LDC4X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Arrived on time and as expected. Produce is, thus far, working as advertised and expected.
RYDSJZY8H4OJ9	5.0	Cant find a better Windows 10 Tablet!	0	0	Best Windows 10 tablet out right now, love the Digitizer and it has a great feel and size.
RWEKPOH5NKNIH	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great as a tablet. Very, very fast. I've instaled Photoshop, Autocad, and works just fine.
R3UOYZ1YYDC84A	5.0	Good Devise	0	0	It is the second time to purchase this device but this time for my wife. I can say it the best device which can achieve my tasks very quickly.
R1HHQ1ZQHPU5HB	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	There were a problem with cable, successfully solved; but was a new and expensive product
R1E556E610OPZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	1st Tablet and overly satisfied! Smooth window features and very user friendly. Fast too!
R274ACLXUFI6E1	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	So far it's beautiful; I used for travel and work, great display, not heavy, very pleased
R24Q64AGC8JY6T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Replaced my other computer and tablet. One device now can do everything I need and want.
R3SG483V5F2HI0	1.0	Beware	8	13	First, it's a good device when it works. I read that people receive malfunction devices and I thought to myselft - it happens to "them", I surely won't have problems... Because I really need a hybrid device I bought the Surface. To make the long story short - I received 3 from 4 devices with problems. Today I need to send my device to Microsoft to receive a refurbish one. (The screen simply turn off on the middle of the work). When it works, it's a very nice product. Because of the weight and size it is more a laptop replacement than a tablet. It works very fast but has some problems: 1. Sometimes, watching videos on Youtube it gets TOO warm on the top right. 2. Although I haven't installed anything, just my Office 2010, the battery last for 3 hours MAX! 3. The battery can last something like 5 ours JUST if you configure the screen to be with low light and if you do not have too much things to do, just surfing or writing documents. Very disappointed from the battery and most of all from the quality of the product and the service. If you need a nice and small laptop replacement and have other backup options, this one is great but if it will be your main laptop, beware because it has many problems and you can stay without your data in the middle of a meeting.
R145YIWPIGSBFJ	5.0	Totally love it. I've wanted a Surface Pro 3 for ...	0	0	Totally love it. I've wanted a Surface Pro 3 for the longest. Not disappointed at all.
R2GBBAHF2ZB29B	5.0	Beautiful and powerful machine.	3	5	Very beautiful tablet. It's very fast and runs all Windows software - millions of apps from the global open store called Internet. Pen is OK for drawing and useful for precise manipulation. Cons: * No LTE * Weight's like the first iPad, but the first iPad wasn't very light.
R215HHRP8EY0LD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Product was as described; however, it was difficult to upgrade to that latest version.
R2RTN8FSZN668G	5.0	Lived up to my expectations	1	2	Greatest device. I use it as a tablet and as a laptop. It's so handy, the battery life is awesome and the speakers are killer. They've fixed all the glitches from the previous versions and the type cover is an actual keyboard, not like the flimsy thing as was previously. Only issues would be that have to purchase type cover seperately and the holder for the pen isn't secure so is basically useless. Other than that, couldn't recommend it more highly.
RS690DVLTFXR8	5.0	MY FAVORITE PURCHASE AND SPLURGE FOR MYSELF,	1	2	I GIVE THIS A TEN. AM PUTTING ALL MY FILES ON THIS TODAY AND SO FAR LOVE IT. WILL BE USING IT LATER OUT OF THE DOCKING STATION THIS WAS A BIG DEAL FOR ME AS I HAVE SO MANY FILES. I HAVE BEEN ON A PC SINCE MOST PEOPLE WERE NOT EVEN BORN YET. SO I HAVE A LOT OF DATA THAT I AM NOT WILLING TO GIVE UP HAVE TWO EXTERNAL HARD DRIVES PLUGGED IN RIGHT NOW. AM SO HAPPY TO HAVE THIS COMPUTER YEAH MICROSOFT. NOW JUST COME OUT WITH MS 10 AND ALL WILL BE WELL.
RNLNAHOTN2HRM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Surface Pro 3 is an awesome device. Lightweight, extremely portable, and very fast!
R3J7OIXHE41I59	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Best price, and this is a super sophisticated machine. It's fun learning to use it.
R2YYLJQ04OZ5PH	5.0	Great laptop replacement	1	2	I am a big fan of my surface pro 3. I bought it for work, mainly because I didn't want to deal with conversion issues with Word on other platforms. I am able to do everything I need to with the tablet, and it travels so much better than my previously laptop. In addition, the OneNote program has been great. Keeps all my notes organized where I just simply didn't stay organized before. Occasional lockups on OneNote are my only complaint.
R2BXYWVD0WN0VO	2.0	Has many issues that make it hard to be a tablet/laptop replacement	29	46	The Surface line has represented Microsoft's best and most ambitious effort in the mobile market in the last 3 years, but sadly the competition is that much better, making it hard for anything else to catch up. The Android and iOS ecosystems are simply too big and too developed for any challenger to take their place. The latest Surface Pro 3, again, comes up short. The $800 Surface Pro 3 sports a larger, 12" touchscreen, 64GB built-in memory (only 38GB free), Intel i3 CPU, one regular USB port, one microSD port, and Windows 8.1 Professional Edition. For the same amount of money, you can have a Dell notebook with 14" touchscreen, 500GB solid-state drive, multiple USB ports, standard SD card slot, and Win8.1 Pro. As long as the Surface Pro doesn't offer comparable specs, it won't be a laptop replacement anytime soon. And can it replace other tablets? No. Three years after the Surface line debuted, Windows Store still has nowhere near the wide selection of apps offered by iOS and Android app stores. A tablet is a "thin client" that NEEDS a strong cloud ecosystem to function, which in turn needs a strong user base to exist. Windows Store has neither. It is tough enough to compete against one platform, and it may be insurmountable against two. Is the Surface Pro 3 itself a good device? Once again, negative. At launch, the device was rife with Wi-fi issues, lockup issues, and bugs, which I have experienced first hand. Even after several updates from Microsoft, including a firmware update on 8/12/14, many problems persist. This device tries to be a "2-in-1", tablet & laptop device. At its heart, it is really a regular laptop running regular Windows 8.1, which happens to have the so-called "Metro" interface that creates that tablet-friendliness. But its Windows core means that the Surface Pro 3 inherits ALL of the shortcomings and annoyances that any Windows user has sadly come to expect of Windows. It can crash, it can freeze, and it just seems buggier than other platforms. That is just the nature of the Windows environment. Yes, Windows lets you run ANY Windows programs, which is possibly the biggest selling point for the Surface Pro 3. If you need to have true desktop Windows, also need a tablet, and don't want to carry two devices, the Surface Pro 3 may be for you. But you have to put up with all the usual baggage of Windows. What Microsoft doesn't seem to realize is that while annoyances in desktop Windows may be tolerable in the desktop environment, they may not be so in the tablet environment. That is the risk of making a 2-in-1 device. One common problem for the Surface Pro 3 is Wi-fi issues, from slow connection to freezing up the whole device. One workaround is to go into Windows Device Manager and manually remove the network driver and reinstall it. While desktop users may not mind the hassle of doing that, tablet users simply would not expect nor tolerate such inconvenience. Front and rear cameras are included on the Surface Pro 3, but they have very few features and cannot even auto-focus. The rear camera can only focus far away objects, while the front camera only near objects. They seem to serve only as webcams as those on regular laptops. So once again, laptop users may not mind the shortcoming, but tablet users would simply expect much better cameras such as those on Android or iOS devices. The Surface Pro 3 comes with an active stylus, which makes it one of very few Windows 8.1 2-in-1 devices that comes with a pen. There are some issues with it as well. The pen contains THREE batteries inside, making it a touch heavier than other stylii, a possible issue for some users. There are two buttons on the middle of the pen for erasing and selecting objects. I find myself hitting those buttons by accident too many times, and there is no way to disable or re-configure those buttons. The Surface Pro 3 has a built-in kickstand that allows multiple viewing angles, but it only works in landscape mode. Also, when the kickstand is opened at the widest angle, it blocks the rear camera partially. If you use the kickstand on your lap, your lap not only has to support the keyboard (which costs $130 extra), but the bottom of the kickstand as well. If you forgo the $130 physical keyboard, you need to rely on the on-screen keyboard, which does not automatically appear if you are typing in desktop mode. You need to manually turn it on or off by tapping the keyboard icon on the taskbar. Users of Android devices are used to the fact that during network file transfer, Android is able to stay awake to prevent disconnection of the transfer. Sadly, the Surface Pro 3 can't do that. If it is set to go to sleep after certain time, it will go to sleep unless there is user input such as a keystroke or mouse movement. Your only recourse is to set the Surface Pro 3 to never sleep. As mentioned, Surface Pro 3 comes with Windows 8.1 Pro, which lets you log on to Windows network domains. I had no problem logging on to the Windows Server 2003 domain at work. However, there is one issue regarding tablet usage. By design, in a domain environment, once a workstation goes to sleep, the user needs to enter the password to wake it up. The same is true with Surface Pro 3: even if you set it to never ask for a password while waking up, it WILL always ask for it in a domain environment. That makes it ill-suited to be used as a tablet, because tablet users are used to having an option to be asked for a password or not. This is the kind of risk that building a 2-in-1 device would run into. Some things are just not meant to be mixed together. Even multi-window is lacking on the Surface Pro 3 compared to Android devices such as Galaxy Note. Surface Pro 3 allows only two windows opened simultaneously, while Galaxy Note allows multiple windows. On the positive side, the Surface Pro 3 has much louder volume than all my Android and iOS devices, and that really helps media playback. And I also appreciate the fast startup time of the Surface Pro 3 as well, which is only 10-15 seconds from complete shutdown to fully on. This is, of course, due to the high speed of the solid state drive that Windows was installed on. My benchmark shows a reading speed of over 400 MB/s for the SSD. Traditional 5400rpm disk drives usually just read at 80 to 100 MB/s, as do many SD cards. Another positive is the if you buy the Surface Pro 3 here or directly from Microsoft, it doesn't come with any bloatware at all. One thing you need to have, however, is an anti-virus program. If you use the Surface Pro 3 in desktop mode a lot, you need one.
RE6KBV5CXGQ50	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Full product, minor wifi issues, a dozen firmware updates later running perfectly.
R21SBI9R526RQX	5.0	nice touch screen	0	0	Surface pro3 has a well functioned touch screen, I can easily draw pictures on it.
R2LFRHCNN0PUTU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fast shipping, ordered on Saturday, arrived on Monday. Item was just as described.
R1TAC5NF771M9P	4.0	Pleased so far	0	0	Pleased with the usability of this product. I'm glad I went with the extra memory.
R1HHU4OW94CXDP	5.0	Awesome Device. Finally a product that really replace a laptop in practical (Not theoretically)	7	11	I love this Surface Pro # (Sleek, Super, Silent and Stunning....). It is the true Laptop Replacement in any angle.
R2P69U5FMO7B1U	1.0	Terribly unreliable. I bought it for teaching- it should ...	1	2	Terribly unreliable. I bought it for teaching- it should have been great for this, but the Microsoft Operating System is terrible, it updates all the time and remains completely unreliable. After 6 weeks, the touch-screen stopped responding to my finger's touch, and the Pen works about 75% of the time. This is all very frustrating when you are trying to use it for a class. $800 for Junk and a waste of 20 hours of my life.
R14DR9WC2O8JHA	5.0	happy with my purchase 😊	0	0	The delivery was very fast, and the product is quality, happy with my purchase 😊
R21RTKVSD2APGE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This is a great laptop! And I even use it to Photoshop my underwater photography!
R8SNQFZ44233T	5.0	... notes in one place a touch away is beyond awesome. it has made my studying so much more ...	1	2	The Surface pro 3 has changed my life i am a med student and being able to have all my notes in one place a touch away is beyond awesome. it has made my studying so much more efficient i literally spend 50% less time than i used to have to. now if i was to try and say what my cons are i would say some times in will lag here and there but nothing really note worthy. i would recommend it to anyone in school.
R1AU8QJ0UDGWE3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I LOVE IT. Arrive fast but was backordered which was a bummer - but really okay!
R22BS1B6SJI6ND	5.0	MS Surface Pro 3 - Laptop Replacement	1	2	I have been in the market for a new laptop for about a year. I wanted something that could handle large drawing files without leaving me with an hourglass flip flopping on my screen. This surface pro 3 has exceeded my expectations. I have loaded all of my work info, files, and programs and it is humming along great. Definitely recommend if you are a road warrior or if your work requires you to lug around a counter.
R28BDWC50ECNW8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great purchase. One of the best portable tablet/laptops system around. Thanks!
R18M1RRRZK68S3	5.0	i'm very happy, the transaction was veri excellent	0	0	i'm very happy,the transaction was veri excellent,the item is very very good.
R3V0XA9HIAUQWR	3.0	It would be cool if it worked properly.	1	2	Received and had problems immediately. There is a band at the top that does not read my touch although it recognizes the pen. Also seems a bit temperamental as sometimes the image on screen starts shaking without being touched. I've had the product only 24 hours. As far as I'm concerned there shouldn't be any issues with something brand new like this. I'm thinking of returning it. :-(
R37PFTT2GA8TQB	4.0	The device is excellent. However	1	2	The device is excellent. However, The windows platform is still in transient stage between the old and new interfaces. No matter how much I try to do everything using the metro interface, I find myself forced to return to the old desktop mode because the new interface lack a lot of functionalities and many programs are still running in the desktop mode including the famous M.Office 2013.
R3QI2AK3C0OJQN	4.0	the machine is handy and useful. Doubt if any heavy duty power users would ...	1	2	The only problem was the machines failure to download Windows upgrades the first time it was turned on. Had to take it to the Microsoft Store to learn that subtle fact. Otherwise, the machine is handy and useful. Doubt if any heavy duty power users would use it as a main computer, but as a retired old guy, its very good. Learning Windows 8 is a challenge, but what new program isn't?
RWX5WZJBXVUAH	1.0	So disappointed and no exchange	0	0	On/off button stopped working after being used approximateky a dozen times
R2G3ALD2H0R78F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I really like this item! Excellent. 25 hrs. appox. from order to delivery.
R31OW2UX9VYL70	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It is helpful for a student to take notes while copy slides from professor
R1KUULOK3G43V7	5.0	Excellent	1	1	excellent
R22Y345SK2VKFT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	fantastic
R1KM347V1VZVC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very good
R3CAA4WBACR6SW	5.0	Love it	0	0	Love it. Use it instead of a laptop. Very good for taking notes in class.
R7QPGE2JKPP14	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This really good. Performance is very well . I like it and recommend it.
R2V2KJJ4C73J7E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	so glad I bought this its deff worth it, so light weight & easy to use
R1BI8TFIJK9L92	5.0	The Surface Pro 3 is the best engineered hardware device I have ever seen bar none	1	2	I am a professional developer, and have used Androids, iPads, and some of the early MS in between products. The Surface Pro 3 is the best engineered hardware device I have ever seen bar none, and while certainly smaller in screen real estate than a desktop, has fulfilled every requirement of medical enterprise development that I placed on it when traveling.
R2Z3W1W469T7HF	5.0	I use it for work. It has replaced my ...	0	0	I use it for work. It has replaced my laptop. My kids want one too.
R2ARS0RQ35GMV2	5.0	Nicely done PC	0	0	Great combination of pc and tablet to perfection, lightweight, slick.
R12T1CSQFCA3R3	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Easy to use. Good speed. Many useful features. Good value for money.
R31MZ4HZSV1HP3	5.0	it's just awesome, fast and like laptop exactly	0	0	An outstanding tab, it's just awesome, fast and like laptop exactly
R1OPEMG5WFOBIP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it. Easy to learn and will interface with just about anything.
R2OFC8DQ4T68E9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very nice, sometimes it takes some time to return when is sleeping.
R1THE9ZEDYTG5U	3.0	Nice Tablet Overall But Faulty WiFi adapter!	2	4	Let me first say that I am an IT professional and I have reasonable expectations for what this tablet can do.. It is an i3 with only 64GB of HDD space. Having said that an i3 is still a decent processor and I can generally use any program I need to without any problems. The hard drive space is not that big of a deal since you can always store files in the Cloud or transfer to an external USB drive. Here is the problem though. The tablet has a MAJOR issue with the WiFi adapter. It simply does not work right. I researched and found there were known issues with WiFi on these tablets. I thought the newest firmware update would have been a fix for this but it has not. I played around with things for a while and just could not get a reliable connection. I think it is a great tablet but this WiFi issue needs to be corrected. I had to resort to buying a USB WiFi adapter so I can have internet. With the new adapter the internet is perfect. With the built in adapter I was getting less than 1Megabit per second. Our Comcast internet is 30Megabit. With the new I am getting the full bandwidth and the signal is not dropping. The other major concern is that there is only 1 USB port. Since I absolutely need to use a 3rd party WiFi adapter and a mouse I currently have a USB hub connected. I think it needs at least 2 ports on this. I might get a Bluetooth mouse just so I don't have to use a USB hub with this. I was debating on whether to give this a 1 star rating because of the WiFi but decided to knock off only 2 stars because it is still a nice machine. If Microsoft ever fixes the problem I will increase the rating. For the price that you pay for these tablets though, it really is unacceptable to have non functioning network adapter.
RN3BFTVO97DSL	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it!
R1JU61TFOFEI18	5.0	awesome!	0	0	Works perfectly, it's indeed a tablet that can replace your laptop
RVF4GC14YFDY	5.0	great	0	0	As advertised....exceptional functionality with win10....great buy
RC7GCZBDJOLA0	5.0	Fantastic	0	0	Love this. Great for taking notes in class and recording lectures.
RX72MG550NDZY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love the surface. They are making these things better and better.
RQSGFWGA0J9DI	5.0	Surface Pro 3	1	2	The best purchase I could have made for computer/Tablet. Does everything my Notebook did and is much lighter and easier to carry. The tablet functions work as expected and it is not too big or heavy which was my initial concern. Battery life holds up as advertised (depends on your settings) and I can't imagine doing without it anymore.
R1ZM3FOX5T36UX	5.0	SURFACE PRO 12 INCH	0	0	THE GREATEST COMPUTER EVER AT A GREAT PRICE AND DELIVERY. A+++++
R28YO2FMEHPGET	5.0	Great Unit	0	0	Works great exactly what I expected, light easy to travel with
RKT09AATD3J4Y	5.0	Love its lightweight feature	0	0	Has met all expectations so far. Love its lightweight feature.
RTXF2ZE5I3R77	5.0	Remember is windows, but is great	1	2	The best computer in the market period. But remember is windows. Don't expect the reliability of a mac. I have trouble with the docking station, keyboard, etc. But no matter what is my favorite computer of all time, and I haved a lot. Good job Microsoft. You can use as a tablet or as a computer, is wonderful!
R1H2WC6GEKT5J9	4.0	Great but not without complications	1	2	I had to factory restore this device less than a week after getting it, but after that it has worked great. It was difficult to do the restore as the media must be downloaded on a separate machine and then loaded via USB. The recovery media was also around 16GB and took a rather long time to download from MS' website.
R5GGPWFQCQS0C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Getting it set up and still playing around but love it so far!
R3NN72NYY2GYIR	5.0	Perfect laptop, perfect	0	0	If you have any doubt....don't. Perfect laptop, perfect tablet
RGNXEO8PDHJ0T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	gift for my daughter and she loves it. works perfectly so far.
R11GKZIY1SA8DD	5.0	Couldn't be more pleased.	0	0	Everything was just as advertised. Couldn't be more pleased.
R3NVKK2GWIGVGK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet. Quick and easy. Hand written notes are great.
R29F5C03FXHW01	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very fast works like a laptop with touch screen capabilities.
R1UU1NWLZ3QT0X	5.0	excellent uploading time	0	0	Wonderfull performance, excellent uploading time, portability
R2J9KSYLA5R1TQ	5.0	... well If you already used a Surface it is easy to use	0	0	working well If you already used a Surface it is easy to use.
R1S1Z86SHNL4IV	5.0	Def worth it	0	0	Very good investment, screen quality is top, i m quite happy
