R31SEHD9P7UU3B	4.0	Great budget tablet and very easy to use	86	93	This is an entry level tablet that is well made, easy to use and would be a great option for a teenager or somebody just looking to try out a tablet at a very reasonable price. *In the Box* 7” Android Tablet Mains Charger USB Data/Charge Cable Instruction Manual What you don’t get is a Micro SD Card, and whilst the tablet does have 8GB of built in storage you do need a Micro SD card in order to use the camera (plus it’s good to be able to increase your storage capacity), you can use a Micro SD card up to 32GB in size. Thanks to the Android operation system this tablet is very easy to use (if you already have an Android mobile phone you’ll be right at home). If you already have a Google account you just put in your details as part of the setup and all of your apps, settings and files will automatically be downloaded onto the device (if you don’t already have a Google account it’s very easy to set one up and is a great way to ensure your files are backed up…just in case you ever lose your tablet) The tablet measures 18cm x 12cm x 1cm and the bezel around the screen measures 1.5cm. In terms of speed performance this tablet is perfectly fine for surfing the web, playing games, making Skype calls etc…whilst it’s not the fastest tablet I’ve used it’s certainly adequate for everyday moderate use. There’s just a single speaker on the back of the tablet so whilst the sound is adequate for things like games and Skype calls, it’s not really great for movies, you’d be better to connect a speaker/headphones using either the 3.5mm jack or Bluetooth. The battery lasts around 3-4 hours when browsing the web with the screen brightness set at around a third. For me the only slight disappointment with this tablet is the screen; it has a lot of glare and it really wouldn’t be suitable for using in bright sunlight, also the viewing angle of the screen is really quite narrow i.e. you have to be slab on to the screen to be able to look at it, any slight angle and the colours become distorted; this means it doesn’t really work if you’re planning on watching a movie with a friend on this tablet as one of you won’t be able to see the screen (the plus side of this could be that you will get some privacy as nobody will be able to glance over and see your screen), to be fare even at the optimum viewing angle the colours are a little washed out. Overall this is still a very well equipped entry level tablet it’s only really let down by the screen, but considering the price point I think this can almost be forgiven. Great for those looking for something basic that will be easy to use and well made. Recommended. I was kindly provided a sample by the manufacturer to review; the opinions expressed here are entirely my own view of the product.
RWGL7BZPTZA96	5.0	Amazing Tablet	145	162	**Tablet Received in exchange for honest review** I have either been asked to test or I have personally purchased tons of tablets all from Android, IPAD, Windows 8 and even older windows tablets.. Some are great and some are pretty bad... For the price, this one is excellent!! Don't expect an iPad, or even a Galaxy or Nexus tablet here but for a tablet under $50 this thing is AWESOME!! Tips: A lot of these tablets don't have google play installed but this one does!! AllDAYMALL is a pretty active company when it comes to testing their tablets.. They have asked me to test several and all are doing very well!! Pros: 1.) Bluetooth: Search for tablets in this price range and you will see most do not have bluetooth.. This one does and I found the bluetooth to work great!! I tested it with speakers, my fitbit, Drones (For FPV Flights) and other bluetooth items.. It worked very well on all!!! 2.) WiFi - Wifi performed EXCELLENT 3.) Games - I downloaded 5 of the top 10 games onto this tablet.. All worked and played great!! Some of the games I downloaded included minecraft, Clash of Clans, and Candy Crush.. 4.) Performance - Like I said with the games, everyone i tried played GREAT!!! I even plugged this tablet into my phantom 3 drone and it worked great for FPV video via USB cable! 5.) Battery Life: I found the battery to be as advertised!! Mine lasted about 5 hours on very heavy use! 6.) This tablet shines on streaming media which is usually what I use my low end tablets for.. Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Instant Video, YouTube all worked GREAT!!! 7.) I wish the screen was slightly better but for a $50 tablet the screen is excellent!! 8.) Build quality is amazing! Probably the highest I have seen in a tablet for this price!!! Overall I highly recommend this tablet to anyone!! I had no issues with mine and feel it is an excellent tablet!! I just received it and will update this review if I have any issues but I was able to test it all day today!
RZI5T5YZM11IW	5.0	Great Budget Tablet Not Just For The Kids	31	32	 I have to admit I was not expecting a whole lot from this tablet due to the price. I turned out to be quite impressed with how quick this tablet was and how well it handled normal daily uses like checking email and surfing the Internet. It even did a pretty good job of watching Netflix videos, as long as you were positioned right in front of the screen. While the video review will go into much greater detail if you want the quick version of the review: ►►► PROS ◄◄◄ ► Runs a full version of Android 4.4 ► Scrolling through the interface is snappy ► You have full control over how you want your tablet to look ► Plenty of software available ► Included silicone protector is great for drop protection ► Can add 32GB of storage with a memory card ►►► CONS ◄◄◄ ► The screen gets a bit washed out if you're not directly in front of it. ► Battery life can be just a few hours when taxing the CPU I found the battery to last about 4 to 5 hours when using it lightly doing things like surfing the Internet or checking emails. The unit does operate when plugged into the charger, including the USB charger, so as long as you have access to USB power you can run indefinitely. Overall this tablet does a much better job across the board than I expected from something costing just north of $50.00. I think it is an excellent value and it is something that both kids and adults will find plenty of uses for. Recommended. Sample provided for review.
R1L2XK41NBP2T0	5.0	Perfect for my 11 year old	10	10	 This Alldaymall 7" Quad Core Android Kids Tablet is perfect for my 11 year old daughter, she is still learning to use it but loves it. In the video my daughter shows you how to go to one of her favorite games, she does get in a rush but you get the idea. She is good & shares with her younger brother to. This will be perfect for doing school work on in August, just what we needed. I am impressed with how well this tablet is, the parental controls are superb. I like I can set a time limit & that I can sign into a regular tablet part as me that looks very similar to my Alldaymall 7" Android tablet (that I love by the way). My daughter can take photos & videos, play games, download apps that I approve & listen to music & watch videos, that is all pretty impressive. The battery life lasts about 3 or so hours on full. The case around it is nice & really good protection, this one is pink of course, I hope to get another color for my son soon. This tablet hooks up to our wifi very easily, has worked rather well, for the price it makes it a great purchase for younger kids & then the bonus is the attached case. Comes packaged well with a data transfer, charger & manual, it arrived faster than expected. Alldaymall for selling budget priced tablets has pleasantly surprised me with offering us a good alternative but not junk. Works great for skype & even the camera & video are good enough for an 11 year old to use on our upcoming trip. So happy to have this. Soon we will be adding school books & see what it can do. Overall this tablet is easy to use, well made, it ,may not be top of the line name brand but it is great for the price & has made my daughter happy. I received this product in exchange for providing an unbiased review.
R266YB1DCAAOKC	3.0	A non-mobile device	29	35	While the RAM and processing power of this device might seem like easy blame targets, they're actually quite reasonable for the price range and fully capable of running non-intensive apps smoothly. What really kills this is its incredibly weak WiFi antenna. Even under completely optimal conditions, this thing gets a pathetic 200 Kbps (not much better than 56k dial-up internet) and when I move it two feet from my router, then it suffers significant packet loss which will cause most apps to lock-up completely and will take web pages ages to load. People with extremely strong networks might not have as much of a problem with packet loss, but even the ideal performance is less than ideal. I bought this device for development, so I don't need it to be very mobile, but it's a bit disappointing that I can't pick it up and use it to stream videos in the other room. While this device technically fulfills my needs, there's a good chance it won't fulfill yours.
R2W8W4SUZ6IND5	5.0	GREAT for KIDS! But PARENTS can use it too.	12	13	FUN FOR EVERYBODY Its amazing to me, everything this tablet does, for the price. If you have grandkids that visit, but you are thinking of getting a tablet to play around with for you too, this would be the way to go. You use it, then if you have the company of little ones, you can switch it into iWawa. (Kid Mode.) You can do all the adult things people do with android tablets, basically download apps, take videos and photos, listen to music, watch net flicks or Amazon prime, shop online, read with the Kindle app, whatever you want to do. When you get this, you hit the function button at the bottom of the screen, and you are at the App Store for Google. (Or Amazon's App Store, if you want.) There are tons of free apps you can download. I found a free app, that had thousands of song lyrics and chords, for the guitar. The kid mode has lots of safety features. When the kids use it, they wont be able to buy apps, or enter your portion of the computer. More on this later. EASY TO USE I never used a tablet before. It takes just a couple of minutes, hitting icons, until you have it figured out. People do almost anything you would do on a laptop computer. If you want to acess the internet, you need to connect the tablet to a WiFi signal. You can do things on this, people do with their smart phones too, like type words just by speaking. You'll have your own "parental" account, which is unrestricted. However, if you want to have it around for grandkids, kids or nephews and nieces, you will see that the kids will have their OWN accounts. They cant access your account, because you lock them out with a code. (However, you can monitor their computer activity as the parent.) Of course, if you buy this for a kid who's 8-9 years old, they'll still be using it as they hit puberty. So you just back off the kid controls, so they can surf more of the net, or listen to Spotify or Pandora (internet radio), or watch age appropriate Utoob videos. KID MODE This was designed as a kid's tablet. It comes with a silicon cover, to protect the unit from breaking if dropped. The cover is bright pink, so it's more difficult to lose. The kid mode is called iWawa. The best way to see what iWawa is all about, is to go to Utoob and watch the 3 minute video about what this does. However, the main points about iWawa are as follows 1. TIME LIMITS -- you can place time limits, so the kid doesn't get addict to the internet. For example, if you only want them playing with this 30 minutes a day, the tablet automatically counts the minutes each kid uses it. 2. MULTIPLE USERS - if two or three kids want to share the tablet, you just set up a different account for each child. (Good luck with that, but with time limits I think you could make it work.) 3. PURCHASE RESTRICTION --Most of the apps (games, activities, programs, etc) that the kid would want to download are FREE. So those stories about kids buying a thousand dollars of virtual game tokens? It can't happen here. 4. KIDS DESKTOP -- the iWawa desktop allows the child to format his apps into various folders, each with an obvious icon. GAMES, LEARNING, STORY, ART, BROWSER, CAMERA, GALLERY, MUSIC, VIDEO. So if a kid makes a video, he can put the file into the VIDEO folder, to find later. If he buys a (FREE) game, he puts that into the GAME folder. The CAMERA is for their photos, and so on. Believe me, it makes sense to kids. They are born with computers in their hands at this point. 5. AGE APPROPIATE BROWSING -- In the Parental controls, you set it up to match the age of the kid. The websites will only open up, that are appropriate for a 7 year old, or a 10 year old. The kids will not be able to change this setting. Or, you can keep them off the internet completely. For the money, this tablet can't be beat. Even if all the kids do, is buy FREE apps, play video games, take photos and movies, listen to music, or make computer art, they are going to have a good time. Its important to remember that you need internet access to buy the apps, so at some point, you need to access the net. Many local libraries, and other free "hotspots" exist, so you can still get apps into the computer, if you don't have Wifi at home. The tablet comes with an EASY TO UNDERSTAND booklet. Inside, you'll see how people hook up to VPN (Virtual Private Networks), to get free Wifi access. If you buy it for a child or grandchild, they will love it. Better yet, buy it for yourself, and SHARE it with a grandkid or nephew who visits, and gets bored. In fact, if Grandmom or Grandpop is babysitting their grandkids, get them to teach YOU how to use this. (Don't be naïve, set up the parental block BEFORE you hand them the tablet to play with ) CAUTION - DO NOT use the parental block, built into the iWawa program. It only asks questions like 3x5 = ? or 5x9 = ? Obviously, anyone older than 3rd grade, can do that math. You'll see how to set it up so you can plug in a 4 number code. (And don't use your phone number, or your year of birth, the kids will hack it.) I think you'll have lots of fun, sharing the experience of computer games, with the grandkids, kids, or just by yourself. Its very versatile.
RPNS62XD5GAZF	5.0	This company stands by their product. We had technical ...	34	43	This company stands by their product. We had technical difficulties with our sons tablet and they helped and replaced it promptly!
R3QFXI9U2X5D3B	4.0	Very nice tablet, and very fun to use	13	15	Very nice tablet, and very fun to use, the only thing bad is the quality of the camera which is quite poor. But if you want to use just the apps, is perfect it has really good speed to run many processes, also the price its a really good option if you want a nice tablet.
R1PGT3NX7EA2HW	3.0	Junky	9	10	The tablet itself is great but I bought 2 one for each of my grand daughters I have custody of, however BOTH chargers came apart when I went to unplug them, one even left theplug part in the plug and the wires in my hand were smoking... called them they said if I sent 5.00 USD I could get 2 new chargers , one was 2 days old. I should of got the IRULA, now they won't even talk to me and the tablets aren't 2 months old....I got one pink and one purple, they totally stink bc now they freeze while the girls are in the middle of a game or writing in her diary! Junk
RPFNFA7OUIJKK	1.0	SLOW and BUGGY	11	13	It had a quad core, so I thought it would run well, but I was very wrong. It runs MUCH slower than my old dual core phone and it crashes all the time. I can't even use it for web browsing because pages take minutes to load, (if they even load at all). I believe that the reason it crashes so much is the measly amount of RAM. The specs on amazon stated 512MB (which is pretty small), but the tablet's settings are reporting 400MB. The whole reason I bought it was for flashcards, but even simple apps such as that end up crashing and failing to load some of the audio because they require more RAM. All apps take 15 to 20 seconds to launch and exit. I knew the battery would be bad, but I figured that the cheap price was worth it since I would use it plugged in 95% of the time anyway, so I'm not basing my rating on that. In the end, I'm back to using my phone for flashcards before bed and this Alldaymall A88X is nothing more than a clock. It has a cheap price, but in my opinion, you can get a much better tablet for the same price elsewhere.
R1Y4QCRP74M0OT	3.0	Great for the price, others were better.	5	5	I just purchased this tablet as well as the dragon touch 7''. While they are similar, there is several differences between the two especially when it comes to the overall children's app that is being ran. Pro's: High quality screen The tablet protector as it has already been dropped on the floor and it didn't even make a noise. It absorbed the entire thing without causing damage. Having a kid friendly app that doesn't allow my daughter to access anything I do not want her too Con's: Most of the "recommended" applications have a lot of secondary links to download other applications. Which is annoying in the aspect that my daughter will click on them and she cannot get out of the screen even though she cannot download or purchase them. Does not come with as much memory. I was able to install about roughly 10 or so small learning games before the entire memory was filled When installing the apps you have to go back and pick where you'd want them to show up on the main screen (Art, Learning, Arcade, etc.) rather than it choosing the location for you. Also, if you do not "allow" the application it will not put it on the main page for the child you use. You must go through all the parent controls to figure out where everything is located to allow them to gain access to that app. * while I understand the security aspect of it all. Overall, I think it's a wonderful purchase for a high resolution tablet for a child to use. It is very protected but the biggest downfall in my opinion is the lack of memory. It does allow you to make an additional memory card purchase, but that just adds the cost up when you were wanting to buy something that cost as much as this did. If I had to choose between this and the Dragon Touch 7'' that is roughly the same price. I would choose the Dragon Touch 7''.
R1YPNQYE183QN1	4.0	Great tablet computer for a first time user	4	4	Having reviewed on Amazon for a while, I was pleased to be asked to produce an independent review of this 7 inch Android tablet computer. I’ve owned (and since sold) both a Google Nexus 7 and an iPad Mini, and coincidentally I’m also reviewing a similar 7 inch “Phablet” computer at the same time, and I’ll try to give a objective view. In common with Apple, I’ll concentrate less on the technical jargon and numbers and more on the experience. After all, it doesn’t matter if it has a “Quad Core 32 bit processor with 8 gigabytes of storage” if it doesn’t work very well. Before I start, lets put this in context. For the price of a Nexus 7, you could buy 4 of these tablets, and still have enough money left for a massive 32Gb SD card. You’re looking at the “value” end of the spectrum, but even so, it does the job. Opening up the simple but well designed packaging reveals the now standard size 7” diagonal screen tablet with a grey plastic back. Coming in at just over 7” long by 5” wide and weighing 287g it’s almost exactly the size and weight of the benchmark “Nexus 7” at about the same size, and 290g in weight. At 1cm thick, this tablet is slightly thicker than the Nexus, but that’s no great issue, and it feels like holding a light weight paper back book. If you’re going past PC World, drop in and handle the Amazon Kindle for comparison. About the same size (although at 204g it’s lighter and thinner), but it gives an idea of the size. Worth mentioning, one stand out feature of this device is the small 25 page guide book it comes with. Even Apple don’t provide a user guide with their top end devices, and it’s a real pleasure to see a manufacturer take the effort to produce what’s an excellent guide to your tablet computer. An excellent feature for the first time tablet user. As with most budget tablets, the screen is plastic rather than the “Gorilla Glass” of the Nexus, and there’s noticeable screen reflection common to these tablets - so you won’t be able to use this in bright sun-light. While the 1024 x 600 screen resolution was acceptable, colours were rather muted and dull, even with the brightness turned up to maximum. Also, while the screen was fine looking at it directly - twist the screen at a slight angle, and the image quality quickly deteriorated. Held in portrait mode, photographs quickly turned to the “negative image” when viewed from the left or right. Likewise, held in landscape mode, images were poor if the tablet were twisted up or down. Sound quality was another poorly performing area, and I personally found it very tinny and quite irritating. Certainly you wouldn’t want to listen to music on this. Having said that, it does come equipped with a wireless bluetooth capability, and paired with my ADX speaker it produced excellent quality sound. Having reviewed an awful lot of these devices, I can recommend almost any device by UK manufacturer “Audio Dynamix” who produce speakers costing between £20-£60, as they really do stand out from the crowd. As you’d expect there’s a 2 mega-pixel front and rear facing camera, so you can take snaps or video, or use it for Skype. Again, quality was not brilliant, and while photos in sunlight were fine, it struggled to work well in low light (indoor) situations where colours were muted. Having said that, it was fine during a test Skype call with my daughter in Australia, and you’ve got to keep pinching yourself after checking the remarkable price tag. I quickly connected it to Google and my photos, eMail and address book were immediately available. I then tested it on a few web pages including the image rich Daily Mail web site, and it worked fine, if not quite as responsive as the more expensive alternatives. I also downloaded a free copy of Temple Run 2 and Fruit Ninja and both worked terrifically well. Having said that, try as I might I just couldn’t get Real Racing 3 to install, so couldn’t test whether this beast of an App would work smoothly. Leaving aside the poor viewing angle, it was fine for watching You Tube videos, and as such would be great as a first tablet computer for a child or adult, although I suspect a teenager would quickly get frustrated by the slow response times. Reading books on Kindle is acceptable, and the small form factor is tailor made for this as you can hold this tablet easily with one hand. In terms of storage it comes complete with 8Gb of space although not all of that is fully available, and having downloaded a half dozen apps, I had 5.5Gb left. Of course, you can always add a 32Gb Micro SD card for as little as £10.00 on Amazon which should be enough for most people to store books, videos and music. Finally, you should expect to charge this every day. On full brightness, my device drained from 66% to 23% in 2.5 hours, which means you should get around 5 hours use before you need to plug in the supplied charger. Unusually, in addition to a standard micro-USB connection (to connect the tablet to a computer for backup), this device has a separate “pin” socket for charging, and the supplied US charger comes (in the UK model) with a converter. Not a problem, but it does mean you’ve got yet another charger/adapter to plug in - you can’t use your existing smartphone charger. In conclusion, if you’ve never owned a tablet computer before, and want to dip your toe in the market, this is a functional (if a tad slow) device. Yes, the screen and sound quality could be better, it could be more responsive when surfing the web, and storage is limited - but you’re getting a lot of tablet for not a lot of money. The guide book is excellent as well. Great for a first time user. Provided you’re aware of the limitations this would be a great “starter” tablet computer, or a gift for a small child. Just be aware, it’s not an iPad or Nexus 7, but at this price, does it matter? Recommended.
R386C62JGX9TLL	4.0	Good for Video/Game Play, but not for Music alone.	4	4	If you are looking for a tablet that will play music loudly by itself, I would not suggest this because the speakers are very tiny in the back and sound quality is not the best. However, this tablet is very friendly to videos and games. I have not yet experienced a problem with the video or graphics of any apps. The battery life is not as long as I want it, but it is all right for the price of the tablet. Overall, this is a good starter tablet for any one who wants to start off small and easy.
R3DLWZGD8BYKT	1.0	One Star	5	5	bad .... the screen does not look good. I do not recommend this product.
R1BDDOJYJBGVAB	1.0	Waste of money	5	5	Bought two, both no longer charge after the first month.
R2ZZP2I3R9JT7V	1.0	Disappointed	7	8	Im so disappointed As the item arrive broken.
R338P54XZK21YJ	2.0	Low price means low quality	8	10	Ordered this tablet for a 10 year old after using it twice the charger that came with it no longer works. I tested the charger on another tablet and it did not work so I'm pretty disappointed that it malfunctioned so quickly as I purposely kept this item up and away so it did not get damaged and would last for a while. Not sure how to contact seller for replacement charger.
R1YA7GB9XPCN5S	5.0	You cannot afford to not buy this.	3	3	I purchased this item to continue the teaching of my 4 year old, ad 6 year old Great-grandson to further their proficiency during the time they are not in school and also because we limit their TV time. I have never received such a tablet at this price, with everything that it comes with. tlhis tablet is 1/3 the price of comparable tablets, The best part is They love the ease of operation, like I said, they are 4 & 6. and his continues their education over the summer. and I imagine it will continue to challenge them when school starts.R Richard Bennett (Proud Great-Grand father.
R3FYKJ425LPTKB	4.0	Not bad for the price	6	7	So far so good. I've reset the launcher to have more of an Iphone appeal. Set it up with a task manager and the battery is running great! I like it so far.
R34GI7HOKA4464	4.0	great product for price.	3	3	i like it for the price. the resolution isnt as clear and sharp as i would like it to be and the screen material scratches easy. however i think its a great tablet for the price. i do think its more for play then anything do to it looking so cheap.(sorry). i wouldn't buy this again unless it was for someone under the age of 12.
R1PE9YXLPKF32U	1.0	Bummer	8	10	Never worked from the first day. Spent over 2 hours on phone on three calls. Nobody could help me. Went on hold , dropped off after 20 min. 3 times. No help at all.
RT1U1X471R1A6	4.0	Not bad for just web browsing/playing video files	2	2	Bought this because I needed something simple and cheap to be able to lay in bed and watch movies with. A few things about it (both good and bad) after 2 days of heavy use: -Doesn't look/feel cheap holding it. Pretty lightweight -Does exactly for what I needed it for (just to watch videos in bed I transferred with an SD card) -Gets about 3 hours of battery life with nonstop use -DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU EXPECT TO USE IT FOR FACEBOOK! It takes forever to load, I'm guessing because the CPU and 512mb ram can't process all the pics and vids that pop up in your newsfeed. Also I downloaded Facebook messenger and this tablet just can't handle it with Facebook being used at the same time. Whenever I got a message the tablet will just freeze and stutter. Again if you wanted to use this for Facebook, buy another tab or you'll hate your life. -Websites like Reddit without alot of pics and java load up pretty much instantly with Chrome. Others with heavy vids/ads like CNN take about 5+ seconds to load -Kik works well, which is strange because the Facebook messaging app doesn't. -Youtube works fine - 2D games like Angry Birds/Poker/Slots are fine, but anything 3D like Subway Surfers it's not good. Subway Surfers took literally almost 3 minutes to load and stuttered like crazy and was unplayable. -No bloatware and it comes rooted which I liked and was surprised about -It came with the cables to transfer music and files from my Galaxy S5 phone to it -The power cable sucks. You stick it in and you have to hold it in to charge. Barely fits. On the bright side you can charge it with mini usb, so I just use my android phone charger for it, or could hook it up to PC to charge thru USB cable it comes with. If you don't have a PC or android charger, order one for it for 5 bucks, or just pass on the tablet. -When I first turned it on, the display has a light blue hue. If you go into settings and turn the brightness up it goes away though. -The screen is ok, but if someone else wants to look at it over your shoulder, it's not happening. Too bad of a glare. - Wifi is pretty fast. Basically, if you're just looking for something to surf the web (minus Facebook), send email, and have an android phone charger/PC, then it's a good deal for $35-40 and in the end would recommend it if you're on a budget. There's an "upper model" of this called the A88S which comes with 1GB ram that's $44.99. Honestly I would get that since maybe then FB/3D games would work ok.
R39GROM2KVSVYD	2.0	Customer Service is lacking	9	12	I purchased 3 of these for my grandchildren. They like the tablets and have no problem operating them. However Alldaymall's online Customer Service department is greatly lacking. My grandson set a password on his tablet, following instructions as he did so: providing both alpha and numeric characters. Now, he can't access the tablet. The on screen--password--keyboard doesn't easily allow for the alpha characters. I've emailed them the simple question of how to access those alpha characters and all I get is an update file to download. I can't download it if I can't access the tablet. Three emails later, I still don't have any help from them on that.
R30JXN9YG6SR2Y	4.0	Usable and does what it says it does.	2	2	Well... It's what you would expect for forty dollars. The screen is bright enough to be used in sunlight and the colour can be easily corrected from the settings menu. It does not have a good viewing range and is obviously a cheap screen but it is certainly still usable. The battery is small so while it charges fast, it also drains fast. It comes with a USB adapter so you can connect a keyboard, flash drive or mouse if you want to. The outer shell is a generic model but still pretty good and gets the job done as well as any other tablet's outer covering does. The computer itself is really slow; however, I did manage to play Minecraft on it pretty well, so if that's something you wanted to do with it, well, you can. In all, while it is an honest product that does what it says it does, there's still not really much a reason to waste your money on this. Go get yourself a good tablet and you'll be a lot happier.
R10EQX68Y4SAK8	1.0	Disappointed	2	2	was a terrible product, delivery was great, package came nice and safe but, this tablet model is junk, it broke within 2 months of casual usage, just started resetting and turning itself off CONSTANTLY, if you kept it perfectly still it was fine but the slightest twitch, boom, restarted, battery didn't last long either. Overall i feel like i wasted my money, but i suppose i should've expected it, you get what you pay for.
R2302V7PAPGKZQ	3.0	Its good, but....	2	2	I'm having issues with my tablet not staying connected to my home wi-fi, and it takes a long time for it to pick up wi-fi signals, and I know there's not problem with my internet because my phone and laptop are doing fine. If this issue can't be fixed with the tablet I have now, I would greatly appreciate having a new one that doesn't have trouble staying connected to wi-fi.
R3V8FIWFMI3FDN	5.0	Excellent for a budget tablet. It does what we need it to do.	1	1	This is an excellent budget tablet. It does everything I need it to do for the kids and does it all well. I am impressed with it and definitely with the price. Up until a few months ago I didn’t realize there were tablets for under $100 out there. After playing around with this here are some brief thoughts: • Kid friendly: What makes this a kids tablet is the software on it and the wonderful rubber case on it. The case protects it pretty well from drops and bumps, although obviously it doesn’t make the tablet break proof completely. The iWawa comes installed on it, but I learned that I can put it on any device from the Play store. Yay! It’s a wonderful program that allows for different child profiles to be customized to allow various apps to be played and set time limits. It also blocks children from exiting the app unless they can do a simple multiplication problem. This is perfect for toddlers to about age 7. Then a pin needs to be set. I love that this starts on tablet boot up so they kids can use the tablet for their allotted time and then be done. I’m against screen time for the most part, so this allows me to set very, very strict limits. • Screen: The screen is sufficient, it isn’t nearly as bright or colorful as our more expensive tablet or our Note 5 phones, but in this price range I am not disappointed in it. We can play games and watch movies easily on it. • Specs: The tablet is at the low end for speed and storage, but keeping in mind this is just to use for a few kids games, reading a couple books and an occasional Netflix show, it’s definitely sufficient. We access our music and pictures from the cloud, so we don’t need to store anything on here other than a few apps. We have some spare SD cards we can put in to expand the storage if needed. • Movies: Movies are the other thing my kids use the tablet for occasionally. If we are at a friends house late or need them to be calm for something for a short period of time, a good movie is the go-to way to keep them happy. Netflix loads quickly on here and plays the movies with enough sound for them to hear. The movie plays without skipping and the picture is decent. Overall, this is a wonderful tablet for around $50. It makes it affordable to have a spare tablet for the kids to keep them from accidently breaking our more expensive one. The only small issue I’ve encountered is trying to download the Amazon appstore so I can get some new Underground apps on here. I can’t figure out how to do that, if you have any tips please let me know! I was sent this to test and review, that has no bearing on my rating or review of it, this is my honest opinion.
R30119DB013R23	1.0	POS	2	2	Not happy at all!! It shuts down for no reason and then won't turn back on. The screen scratches easily and the battery gets real hot. But I guess you get what you pay for also while playing games it says that your not online even though you are.
R1TGO3C60Z4BXC	1.0	not worth the time it took to write this review	2	2	This tablet is useless. My purpose for buying was to take pictures and videos, pictures are blurry, can't see that there is any way to adjust other than cloudy or daylight. The instructions are a waste of paper. Very disappointing.
R3NHI9U0NQHZL7	1.0	One Star	9	12	Complete garbage. Used it 1 day before it fried itself out. Waste of money
R2FTL7Y4UG3D7	3.0	A couple of things I would like to point out	1	1	I bought two of these for one single purpose. Running Roccat Power-grid. For that sole function, they appear to work... for now... A couple of things I would like to point out. BAD- 1) The "8GB" of memory isn't unified. You a actual only have 1GB of memory for app installation. Actually, its more like 600MB after the system apps are installed. SOME apps can be moved to the 5.6GB "internal SD" remainder, but not all. Because of this, I ran out of room very quickly. And I only downloaded a few apps. I'm not quite sure how or why its set up like that. I know this use to be a big issue with Android pre 4.0, but these are 4.4.2 tablets. Anyways, I was very disappointed with that. 2) It doesn't appear to have wireless N connectivity. It will not connect to any N network. It will connect via G though. this was confirmed through various wifi diagnosis apps I downloaded. 3) The screen is total s***. I use it in portrait mode, which shows massive color distortion. It isn't bad in landscape, but is very difficult to read/see in portrait. Its not a deal breaker, but it was shocking. GOOD- 1) It has Bluetooth. That was a pleasantly surprise. 2) It has a GPS. Again, pleasantly surprise. UGLY- Having never actually used a 7" tablet before (plenty of 10's") I didn't realize how awesome, handy and cool they were. It made me want to buy a real one.
R25ETBWP9EERE	5.0	I feel in LOVE with this tablet	1	1	I was not expecting anything fancy with this tablet. Upon receing I was completely SHOCKED. I feel in LOVE with this tablet. Setting up this tablet was very easy, you could start playing on this immediately. It was honestly PERFECT for my son. I LOVED the settings that he can only access certain games, apps, music, shows, etc! This tablet was very well made, durable. Although the battery did not last ton long with the tablet, it still was a good amount for the things I was using this tablet for. This tablet charged very fast, which was a great plus. This tablet is ran by android, so you can easily add many different applications from the play store. The built-in Wi-Fi (802.11 b/g/n) enables you stay connected on the go. With the dual camera, there's more to share. Take videos, snap more clear pictures with the 2.0MP rear camera and easily post them to FaceBook and Twitter. While, video chatting with friends or families, the 2.0MP front camera makes a difference. You can set different accounts per child, if you have multiple children. Which is great if they are different ages, being you can have them able to do/watch things for there age level! The "Parent Area" is where you can go to set what child can do or watch what! You have a password so the children can not access Parent Mode! • Sample Provided for Review
R2T13TI6Z9WFXZ	5.0	This is a great tablet! I'm happy I got it	2	2	This is a great tablet! I'm happy I got it. It even came a day earlier then they said. Very quick and sleek and the glass seems thicker then normal. I love that! I would definitely recommend this product!
RP9BI48RF0YHD	1.0	Bought for son for Christmas had for 2 days and ...	4	5	Bought for son for Christmas had for 2 days and operating system stopped working it won't go past android turn on screen. And I bought it over the summer since I start shopping early and so now I can't return it because it's out of the return time frame.
R1DVOSUD4JOSYX	4.0	My s I sterling love it's perfect I would give it a four star ...	2	2	My s I sterling love it's perfect I would give it a four star rating she in a wheel chair and was depressed when she went for her check up the doctor told her whatever she doing to keep it up
R1EVS5WXRZUSTG	1.0	HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!	2	2	This is my second one. The first stopped working after TWO DAYS!! Stopped letting me touch the screen, and now with the second is doing the same thing right as the return policy ran out!
RR720EI0EPC7D	4.0	For under $50 you get your money's worth on this tablet	1	1	I received this at no cost. Here are my comments. 1. For a tablet under $50 the screen quality is is pretty decent. No, it's not even close to my Nexus 7 2013 tablet let alone my iPad Air 2, but it's not realistic to expect that for a tablet under $50. This came with a protective screen cover already installed--and without a single bubble! That was a nice touch. The screen was fully responsive to touch with the screen protector on. 2. The speed on this is also decent. I was able to download items from the Google Play store without a problem. 3. This tablet works fine for web surfing, reading emails, listening to music on a headset or bluetooth speaker, reading e-books and playing games. It's perfect to bring for travel not only because it's compact, but also because if you lose it, it's not a big out of pocket loss. It's also reasonably sturdy and good for small children. 4. This comes with Android 4.4, which is adequate, though it's several versions behind the current Android OS. Keep in mind that you can NOT update this version (updating the OS periodically is something I take for granted on my Nexus 7 2013). Bottom line: For under $50 you get your money's worth on this tablet.
R2W5USPO4X65ZS	5.0	Any questions just ask.	1	1	May not be the best tablet out there well its not terrible. Its not perfect either. I mean yeah sound is not that loud but its still decent if you plug in headphones it does really good. Battery life I don't know why but mine seems to last awhile almost 24 hours i dont know if i got lucky or what. Its not designed for any high end gaming but it works for internet,Facebook, Facebook messenger. twitter and most games on the google play store. It lags sometimes a little if you have a lot open but its not bad if you close stuff or just restart it. Also the major con is very low memory space to store but thats where the sd card works and saves tons of games to it . screen not super amazing quality but it looks really good. I mean your getting i say just a little more then you pay for but not much. It does everything it says its suppose to , Even you tube runs really good on it . Pretty much everything in the description is what you get. nothing more. So If your looking for amazing Hd or great camera or extreme gaming or even space. Your going to have to pay more go for something better. This is like your starter tablet does everything it claims and nothing more.
R2O0EFO98PLVXB	5.0	i got this for my moms birthday	2	2	My mom loves her gift she was so happy she loves purple she always wanted a purple tablet I even downloaded alot of games for her she plays on it everyday
R1IAZ7DOO6VAY5	3.0	2 work great, but 1 had issues from the beginning	2	2	Of the 3 tablets I ordered, 2 work great, but 1 had issues from the beginning, ultimately, it stopped working 3 days after we received them. :(
R1XXJXDD91KKIQ	1.0	The tablet is all I wanted but I wish to ...	2	2	The tablet is all I wanted but I wish to know how the hell I can use a tablet without a charger!!!! This piece of sjjdjdkskd stop working
R1GL0QSF2E717X	5.0	Almost perfect for the price...	3	4	I have owned 3 different models by Alldaymall. Starting with the single core to the dual core processor models. Then finally this quad core version. Alldaymall tablets are the easiest to use out of the box. They have the least amount of unnecessary apps pre-installed. And it is almost impossible to brick Alldaymall tablets when trying to customize the Android operating system because they have a backup ROM to recover from if for some reason you could not do a factory reset. I have purchased budget tablets from ProntoTec, Foneso and Idroid. None of them include a backup ROM. I also like the higher resolution of this tablet because there is more room for icons on the screen. ProntoTec makes a tablet with the same resolution but they set the app icons large which made the screen look small like an 800x480 tablet. I just wish these budget Android tablets have easy to replace batteries like Android phones.
R1CV57O7E1KH63	5.0	A really nice working tablet!	2	2	I bought two of these and had brighthouse hook up echo wifi they work great, definitely would buy again.
R2VZW9INS1QWM4	3.0	This tablet take very poor pictures, for child its ok after after a ...	2	2	This tablet take very poor pictures, for child its ok after after a while they will out grow it out.
RI1L12E6BJPMA	1.0	just a waste of money	4	5	Broke in 24 hours, just a waste of money. Contacted customer service and after 24 hours no solution so far
R281PNSO4G36W0	2.0	DONT LET THE SPECS FOOL YOU!	1	1	This review is about the tablet....NOT THE SELLER(wonderful communication and delivery) Bought this tablet solely to stream movies to the google chromecast. Despite having quad processor this tablet is INCREDIBLY SLOW. Video would buffer and stutter when pushed to the chromecast. I would play the same video from my S3 Galaxy phone and the videos would play perfectly. Sad that this tablet is newer than my 5yr old phone but less advanced under the hood. I wish I could return this tablet but I'm stuck with it. LISTEN TO ME: Spend the extra $40 and get a "Good" tablet, it's worth it.
R3RPOGLKRNFG9	5.0	... large to be bulky and small enough to be comfortable in the hand	2	2	not too large to be bulky and small enough to be comfortable in the hand. Good resolution.
R2KE3RD0Q2EWR4	1.0	One Star	2	2	Product only worked for a week before it started freezing so I had to return the tablet. .
R142SO469Z6OX7	1.0	Don't waist your money... complete RIP OFF.	3	4	This tablet is NOT worth your money. I've bought 6 of them, and out of the 6 only 1 works now (bought right before Christmas). They have all been taken care of (not mistreated) and have been in protective cases. The screens crack easily, the buttons jam & stop working, the charging ports don't work half the time and the charging cable never worked to begin with. Was told they would only replace if i sent pics of the boxes they where shipped in that would explain the problem with the tablets. HOW would seeing what the boxes where shipped in determine the care of the tablets inside the boxes? DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE TABLETS OR ANYTHING BY ALLDAYMALL.
R1PFRK3GZ1YL59	5.0	Great little tablet	1	1	For the price this is a really nice little tablet. I've been using it pretty much constantly for about two months and never once had any issues with it crashing. The battery life is decent, nothing spectacular. As far as using apps it works really well. Where this falls short is the wifi, it's slow. If you don't mind the wifi being slow then this is a great tablet if you're not wanting to spend a whole lot of money on one. It does have bluetooth. It paired up without any issues with the Fintie Ultrathin keyboard I just purchased
R1HF9VEXKXAMKR	1.0	THE GLASS TOUCH IS VERY EASY TO SCRATCH	4	5	CONSUMPTION OF THE BATTERY IS TOO FAST IN EXCESS , THE GLASS TOUCH IS VERY EASY TO SCRATCH.
R241QRMV5QLKG5	3.0	Not bad for $40	1	1	Not bad for $40. I mainly bought it to use as a remote for my interenet controled electronics. It has google play store and apps open fast. Screen resolution isn't bad despite a plastic appearance to the touch screen. The main memory is limited so you need to move most all your apps to the built in SD card. The compromise seems to be in the wifi radio which is sluggish even when fast internet is available and unbareable when wifi connection is slow. MS office apps don't find it compatible but Google Docs works fine.
R31R67RG90NZM9	1.0	failure	2	2	Touch will not work correctly. that I can do to solve that problem?
RJ8HGNTFTBKNW	4.0	great tablet.	1	1	I like the tablet it is really good, has a mind of it's own at times, but other then that it is a really good tablet for the price that I paid for. the only down fall is the power cord is not a that great so I would recommend getting one that can be charged through the usb port. I will be most definitely be getting one that is just like this one, with one exception it will be purple, for my wife so she has one of her own.
RUR8J4JXTJCVW	2.0	Do not recommend this product!	2	2	Was a Christmas present for stepdaughter. Didn't last no time!
R2RNQKQ848CPX6	1.0	After 2 weeks, the product stopped working and can't ...	1	1	After 2 weeks, the product stopped working and can't even turn it on. Even after we had the charger plugged in, it will only go to the unlock screen before it shuts off again. When I contacted the seller they told me I needed to pay for international shipping and they would decide whether I get a refund or not. I just want a replacement because my daughter needs something for her schoolwork. I would not recommend this product or company to anyone.
R3ESYLTBN5WWE5	1.0	One Star	2	2	The camera is terrible quality! I returned the product.
R2M9AMWC5BTLT3	1.0	It wasn't like that for the first 44 dsyd	1	1	I bought this tablet as a backup to my Samsung. It's only been 45 days and the screen has lost its resolution. It now has the effect of a flat screen TV that you can't see from any other angle but dead-on. It wasn't like that for the first 44 dsyd. Of course, now it's outside of the 30 day return policy. I would not buy this again or recommend it to anyone.
RJB8CSRP50OP7	3.0	Bad charger	1	1	Tablet seems to function decently. We only use it as a baby monitor. It has had a little trouble here & there registering our wifi when our other devices don't, we have great internet. Only real complaint is that the charger just totally fell apart & we've had it only a few weeks. Off to radioshack to find something to replace it! :/
R3B8VOSQBJMPMQ	1.0	Worthless	1	1	I truly would not waste the money on this Tablet I got this to do apps on I couldn't do because I don't have the memory on my phone but every time I try to put apps in all the ones I want, it would come up "this app is not compatible with your device." it will not even let me post a picture to my facebook page.
R1JK8T4KL55943	1.0	We I first received it I was pleased. My son only had the tablet for a ...	1	1	I brought this tablet for my son. We I first received it I was pleased. My son only had the tablet for a little over 2 weeks & the screen went blank. I tried to reset it to see if it would come back on, but it didn't. He has been out if his tablet every since he got it & he is not happy & neither am I.
R364MLGDFI1VL8	1.0	Broken and useless within only a couple of months.	3	4	I've had this for only 3 months and already the tablet wont take a charge. At first I could wiggle the connection to get it to charge at a certain angel and now nothing will work. The tablet has become nothing but a paperweight. I am very disappointed. Unfortunately it is past the 30 day warranty so I am at a loss.
R3SLAYX0EE0Q0W	4.0	This is a really cool tablet for 40$ I just got it today and ...	1	1	Wow. This is a really cool tablet for 40$ I just got it today and its way better than my old tablet that cost me 200$. everythings so pretty on it. I haven't used the wifi on it yet or watched videos but I've taken great pictures with it and they're so awesome! Its my new favorite thing ^-^ I have recently tried the wifi on it and it seems to work ok. Unfortunately my apps seem to take awhile to load but other than that it is ok. I use my tablet more for drawing and its ok. Its mostly my rubber stylus that's the problem.
R2J0CXD46TKBRP	1.0	You get what you pay for	1	1	This is a classic example of you get what you pay for. It's a functioning tablet but has a couple of problems. First the battery runs down rather quick even if your not using it. Second the colors are bad when looking at photos. 40 dollars is cheap for a tablet but don't expect alot.
RNJ6JF7GYCNCP	3.0	Is very good for my daughter to play her games and watch ...	1	1	Is very good for my daughter to play her games and watch movies on. Only downfall I have isnghe speednis not what I expected, I knew it wasn't going to be superior speed bit it is not all that is advertised. But overall worth the purchase, it makes my 4 yearnold daughter very happy.
R3M2ALWHP1WUM8	5.0	well worth the price! super cute!	5	7	I ordered 2 of these, the blue and one pink for my 2 and 3 year olds. They love them and I love how they were reasonably priced and really great quality for what I paid. No issues at all connecting to the wi-fi, no volume problems or any touch screen problems, Very good tablets or $50!
R31P0JIZ05R1EK	1.0	just don't even bother	1	1	Do not waste your money on this it's something that I'd cheaply made most likely in China since the time zone is set in China out the box and the screen can easily be scratched and it heats up really fast and takes forever to charge but it drains the battery quick
R3JLN3J7H92U5S	5.0	Great Tablet for kids and Adults!	0	0	This tablet is essentially the same as the A887 (Normal version for adults) with a kids case (Like the Kindle fire HD kids version) and a kids "Theme" if you choose to use it.. I honestly can't tell any performance differences or anything!! SO essentially you are getting a case for about $2 making this an extreme deal!!! I would recommend this to parents wanting a tablet for kids, parents wanting a tablet for themselves, or anyone in the market for a tablet!! The case can be removed and you have a great tablet for adults if you wish! **Tablet Received in exchange for honest review** I have either been asked to test or I have personally purchased tons of tablets all from Android, IPAD, Windows 8 and even older windows tablets.. Some are great and some are pretty bad... For the price, this one is excellent!! Don't expect an iPad, or even a Galaxy or Nexus tablet here but for a tablet under $50 this thing is AWESOME!! Tips: A lot of these tablets don't have google play installed but this one does!! AllDAYMALL is a pretty active company when it comes to testing their tablets.. They have asked me to test several and all are doing very well!! Pros: 1.) Bluetooth: Search for tablets in this price range and you will see most do not have bluetooth.. This one does and I found the bluetooth to work great!! I tested it with speakers, my fitbit, Drones (For FPV Flights) and other bluetooth items.. It worked very well on all!!! 2.) WiFi - Wifi performed EXCELLENT 3.) Games - I downloaded 5 of the top 10 games onto this tablet.. All worked and played great!! Some of the games I downloaded included minecraft, Clash of Clans, and Candy Crush.. 4.) Performance - Like I said with the games, everyone i tried played GREAT!!! I even plugged this tablet into my phantom 3 drone and it worked great for FPV video via USB cable! 5.) Battery Life: I found the battery to be as advertised!! Mine lasted about 5 hours on very heavy use! 6.) This tablet shines on streaming media which is usually what I use my low end tablets for.. Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Instant Video, YouTube all worked GREAT!!! 7.) I wish the screen was slightly better but for a $50 tablet the screen is excellent!! 8.) Build quality is amazing! Probably the highest I have seen in a tablet for this price!!! Overall I highly recommend this tablet to anyone!! I had no issues with mine and feel it is an excellent tablet!! I just received it and will update this review if I have any issues but I was able to test it all day today!
RZZAY22TPU8P7	4.0	Side-By-Side Comparison to the New Amazon 5th Generation Fire Tablet	0	0	Having personally purchased and evaluated Amazon's newest 7" 5th Generation Kindle, which sells at $50, I have to be frank in pointing out that Amazon has created some pretty stiff competition in the Under $60 range of tablets. In terms of actual technical specifications, however, much is the same. Here is a breakdown of my observations between the two: SAME: 1024x600 Resolution (this resolution is actually quite typical with most tablets under $100) NOT SAME - BIG DIFFERENCE: The phase-shifting, e.g. the graying out of the screen when tilted in multi-viewing angle, is typical and outright to be expected of pretty much any tablet under $100, not just this sub-set of $60 or less - but they do vary. This one has a moderate amount of screen loss when tilted, on par really with the majority of other brands and price points I have evaluated... yet the Amazon 7" 5th Gen Fire is comparatively the clearest of the lot. So for multi-angle viewing, the new Fire is downright superior. SAME: 1GIG RAM ALMOST SAME: 1GHz Quad-Core... the new Fire is a touch faster at 1.3GHz Quad-Core, but Android apps aren't quite as demanding as Windows-base applications, so the little extra speed generally goes unnoticed. Honestly, it's not until major speed increases does the difference pop out. SAME: 8GIG Internal Storage SAME: Physical Ports... well, the Alldaymall A88S adds in a barrel pin power port, so this can be charged either by Micro USB (5V power hubs, car chargers, portable power banks) or by the included 5V 2A wall adaptor. BASICALLY THE SAME: Battery Life - Amazon advertises "up to 7 hours", but with the same Brightness setting and WiFi on, both seem close in overall longevity. SAME: WiFi Connectivity - both are 802.11b/g/n, both don't offer the newer AC protocol NOT SAME - BIG DIFFERENCE: External Memory Capacity. This does support a 32GIG micro SD card, which 99% of Budget tablets do... yet the new Fire supports 128GIG micro SD cards. Holy smokes! SORT OF SAME BUT... - 2MP Rear Camera & 0.3MP Front Camera. The new Fire has the same basic capture resolution, and in fact, everything under a $100 (yes, even the $99 tablets) seem to share the same resolution (not all though, just most). I normally always say these cameras aren't a selling point beyond the capability is there. Yet the new Fire has somehow managed to make 2MP look remarkably decent. NOT SAME - BIG DIFFERENCE: This doesn't have Bluetooth Capability. The Amazon 5th Gen Fire does. That can be a major appeal bonus. NOT SAME - BIG DIFFERENCE: Operating System... and this point will solely depend on what you want. This is a standard Android KitKat OS with the typical Google Android apps/utilities preloaded (as well as a Kid Market/Shell, which is optional). The Amazon 5th Gen Fire is Amazon's own Android derivative, and quite unsurprisingly brick-walls off any use of Google Play Store apps and games. It is fully integrated into the "Amazon Culture" - Amazon's movie streaming, Amazon's digital music, Amazon's own Child Nanny Shell (called "Free Time"), and so on and on. You can still view YouTube and everything else you can do on any given Android tablet... but you can't use Google Play Store. And that can very well be a massive comparative appeal bonus for this A88S (as well as all the other standard Android tablets) for those apps and games that the Amazon Appstore doesn't carry. All in all, the major pros for the 5th Gen Fire is: 1) Superior Screen Clarity when Multi-Angle Viewing 2) Vastly Superior Potential micro SD Card Storage Expansion 3) Same Camera Specifications, Yet Oddly Better Looking Video/Pictures on the 5th Gen Fire 4) Bluetooth Capability What really gives the A88S here an edge is those who want unfettered access to Google Play Store... and an included silicone sleeve (one doesn't come with the Fire, and the casings for it are still eyebrow-raising expensive). Otherwise, the two are fairly equitable. - Complimentary product provided for evaluation, yet my thinking here reflects all my personal purchasing decision processes, and hopefully may help clarify if this best meets your own needs and expectations.
R1JM9ZNPF2SMER	4.0	Nice Kid Friendly Tablet!	0	0	I just got this really neat android tablet from iGaming. This is a really neat kids tablet that has a lot of safety features and fun apps for kids. The thing that I love about it is that you can log into either the kids profile or the adult profile. In the adult profile it's just a simple tablet. It's android so you can log in to wifi and use it like any other android tablet, you can purchase apps from the google store. When logged in on the kids profile it limits what apps they can open. It has them organized into different kinds of games which parents download apps and assign to the different categories. This keeps the kiddos from getting into apps you don't want them to as well as off the internet features to keep them safe. I got this for my six year old and she really loves it, she plays with it all the time. For the money it's a great tablet that you can give your kids that they can play on safely. The negatives: The battery does not last long (usually about an hour for us). I find it annoying that the kids profile does not have the ability to watch videos, so I have unlock the tablet and turn it to the adult profile to pull up netflixs for my daughter. Even then the tablet has a super slow processing speed so really streaming is not an option. Downloading a game took forever. So the functionality of it sometimes is very limited. Once you get the games on the tablet though I can give it to her and she can play the games installed and it keeps her buys. However, do not expect this to be a super fast tablet like some of the more expensive brands. You get what you pay for basically. I received this item complimentary or at a reduced price for my honest review. However, I only recommend products I truly love and use to my readers. #AmazonReview
R145B3LLJHZP88	5.0	Fantastic value! Impressive video and sound quality and even has dual cameras!	0	0	I've tried out many different mobile devices (tablets and phones) and was happy to have the chance to try this 7" Android tablet from Alldaymall. Now first of all I should make it clear that this is a budget tablet, and as such should not be expected to have some of the performance features of expensive, big name brand tablets. With that said, for the price I think this is an excellent value. The screen is nicely responsive and the viewing angle is very nice. Other products in this price range I've tried require the use to look straight on in order to discern the details on the screen, but the Alldaymall tablet can be viewed from left and right extreme angles with good color and sharpness fidelity. I've tried a number of apps that are touchscreen-heavy, and they perform very well. The screen responds quickly, just as I would expect from any of my mobile devices. This tablet comes running Android 4.4, so it can handle most apps that are out there on the Google appstore. I'm impressed that it has both rear and front facing cameras - some expensive tablets only have rear facing, so that's really nice! WIth that said, the resolution on both cameras at only 2.0 MP is a bit low. It's plenty adequate for most needs though and for those apps that require camera interactions, but it won't substitute for a decent digital camera. The sound quality for a tablet is also quite nice. I've cranked up the volume and run some music videos after downloading the YouTube app and it really sounds quite good. The network connections on the Alldaymall tablet are easy to set up. It quickly connected to my home wifi and can also sense nearby Bluetooth devices easily through the Android settings menu. The battery life on this tablet is only ok. It definitely runs down quickly if you are doing any graphic intensive apps, so I suggest if possible keeping it near a power cord or keeping power banks handy if you're going to take the tablet out of the house. The tablet can charge via a standard micro USB card or with the custom AC adapter that is included in the package. It would be nice if a case of some sort was included with the tablet. Since this is not a big name brand, it won't be possible to find an aftermarket case that properly leaves spaces for all the ports and cameras. This is really a minor point though and at this price point I would recommend this tablet overall. I'm very glad that I was able to receive this as a free promotional sample in order to evaluate and provide my honest review.
R1TU7IW81BB41W	5.0	Suitable development tablet	2	3	I bought this tablet to develop on. The device already came with developer mode and root access enabled, which might be considered a security shortcoming for general use, but was convenient for my purposes. Another bonus: the tablet can charge either from USB, or from a separate (included) AC adapter. This is great if you are developing an application that connects to an external device over USB and can't get power that way. While the OEM does not seem to offer Windows drivers, I found that the Google USB driver that comes with the ADK works just fine. You have to modify the android_winusb.inf file in your USB driver directory to have a new stanza for the tablet's VID and PID which can be found in Windows Device Manager. Right click the unidentified device in Device Manager and show the Properties window, then click the Details tab, and choose "Hardware Ids" in the drop-down. You will find strings that look just like that in the .inf file. After adding lines for SingleAdbInterface and CompositeAdbInterface, use Device Manager to Update Driver and navigate to the directory where the .inf file is. See also this howto: http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/archive/2210573 which happens to contain the exact same hardware IDs as my tablet. Negatives I have found so far: - The screen doesn't have very good angle viewing functionality - if you are positioned off to the side at all, the colors invert. For the price ($40), I don't care. - Speakers are tinny sounding. - The socket for the USB port can be a little loose, and the first time the plug wiggled a bit free I was stymied for a few minutes as to why my computer wasn't detecting the tablet suddenly. Others have complained about battery life but for my application I will have it always plugged in. It arrived fully charged and I wasn't able to plug it in for several hours, yet it continued to report 100% charge which was OK by me.
R3M0C4U0DS0FIK	4.0	but so far I am very happy with it	1	1	I have only had this tablet for a while, but so far I am very happy with it. I have only had one other tablet, so I have little to compare it to, but for the money, it was an excellent buy. Thinking about getting another as a gift for my sister!
R3FWAIPK1JIMGR	3.0	The first one worked great, the second one lasted two weeks and crashed	1	1	I bought three of these, two were brand new. The first one worked great, the second one lasted two weeks and crashed.The third one purchased was refurbished, and working great.What is worse, no way to fix it, or replace it; that I have found.
R17XB6PXG90H8F	1.0	WOW what a joke.	1	1	Biggest waist of money. Not worth a dime. Super slow and it is NOT HD. Screen looks distorted. Camera is a joke. My daughter's toy camera take better pictures. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS TABLET. oh and it does not stay connected to WiFi.
RPLQXHMS3WZYW	3.0	Everything is comparable to high-end or name brand units, ...	1	1	Everything is comparable to high-end or name brand units, but the battery life is two hours just reading text. Mine is for reading so forget camping without power... I would have spend 20$ more for and extra hour per charge.
R12VDTO44R926Y	5.0	For what I paid for its a nice tablet. I bought it for my 6 y ...	1	1	For what I paid for its a nice tablet. I bought it for my 6 y o grandson. He's accustomed to an iPad. But hexes happy to have his own. He has to learn a new system. Android. But he's had no problem with it. I give it 5 stars.
R1E3HLTXJYZ9IA	2.0	... for my 9 year old daughter and it worked great for the first 35 days	1	1	Bought this for my 9 year old daughter and it worked great for the first 35 days. Then, out of no where the battery stopped charging and I had to contact the manufacturer to get a refund and to send it back on my dime.
R33OIWLLHP6304	5.0	For the price is the best tablet! I buy 4 for my kids on ...	1	1	For the price is the best tablet! I buy 4 for my kids on Christmas and they still have it! Even my little princess of 4 dropped almost 10 times and still working I will recommended this vamos la celeste!
R2GZQ29XN8NTDT	2.0	Not what I expectd	1	1	The product was not what I expected. My smartphone can do just as well if not better. Sorry. The instructions were not very good. Nothing to do with the seller though. The positive side I got it really quick.
R4SKU671LK4H3	1.0	One Star	2	2	Too slow, can't watch videos
RLGBQRHH2KLY9	4.0	A good inexpensive tablet.	1	1	Over all i am pleased with this item. How every a couple apps I was hoping to use are not supported, Yahoo IM and Instagram. The deliver came a couple days before what was expected so that was nice.
R2DD6QW5ASSZHO	2.0	don't bother	1	1	Loved it when I first got it but here it is 2 months later and the charger refuses to work!! Had to buy a new charger elsewhere. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for a better tablet.
R25PGB6FHCH86W	1.0	not even what you pay for.	1	1	very cheaply constructed, had a minute crack in screen which quickly spread across the screen in hours. not compatible with some apps that i tried loading. i expected cheap but not this cheap.
R2T0Z9GMHQDAWT	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	This product was not as expected I had it for a week and it burned out, I returned this in A UPS box like a week or so ago. You should have gotten this package by now.. Please let me know
R3MRMPMNO6UM0M	5.0	Pink case can be removed	0	0	This is a nice little Android tablet, especially given the low price. The pink case can be removed (see images) but of course if you remove the case then the tablet has no protection. Then again, there are other cases out there that will fit this. I must say that this tablet is better than I expected it to be, especially at the current low price. There is nothing else out there that low except for the new small Kindle that is coming out, but not punt now. This tablet is geared to little children for when you do not want them messing with your expensive iPad. It is also geared for people who want connectivity on the go but they will be somewhere that warrants not having their expensive tablet. This little device is a *throw in your purse and go* item. I took some photos of it. I was supposed to remove the plastic on the face of it before using it, but I usually never remove the plastic. The good thing about this inexpensive tablet though is that even if the screen gets all scratched up, it is reasonable enough in price to just buy another one. The screen can get a little washed out at times, but look at the price, a little washed out is not a big deal. Disclosure: I received this product in exchange for my honest unbiased review. KRN
R1DCEGKG6KONS1	2.0	Doesn't last	1	1	my son saved his allowance to buy this so we bought him a case at the same time. It lasted about three weeks before the screen went gray and it quit working. I wouldn't recommend this.
R479GA5UZ0IHF	5.0	This tablet does all that I need it to do ...	1	1	This tablet does all that I need it to do. I don't need a lot of fancy apps, just a few. I play chess online, surf the web, order from Amazon, check my emails, and play some games.
R1QXHR324UIJM3	4.0	bought this for Christmas for my 6 year old and ...	1	1	bought this for Christmas for my 6 year old and the screen came with scratches. She has not used it as yet because its her Christmas gift. I will update my review after christmas
R2VG8GFCLISD9X	1.0	you get what you pay for.	1	1	I wasn't expecting too much out of this tablet. bought it for Christmas. Thought it would work perfectly fine then it just stopped. No power. wouldn't even charge. Returned it.
R5F6VWKRW87K7	1.0	Did not like Apps.	3	4	This particular tablet does not like game apps. The apps would run for a short amount of time before reverting back to the home screen. Did not get to use it for a day.
R1G98K6K98C0LS	3.0	For the price I guess it's not bad. Has it's issues	1	1	For the price I guess it's not bad. Has it's issues. Sound is awful. Picture isn't great. Freezes up. Charge sucks can't use images as wallpaper. It gets 3 stars for price.
R63TNNNRXXEQ1	3.0	Controversy in given data of specs...	1	1	Can any one help me please? In DESCRIPTION it is written that front camera is of 0.3 MP where in features it is written that front camera is 2 MP. Which one is right please?
R2IG97QTA8H7GZ	3.0	Pretty good	1	1	For 40$ this is the best youll get . Decent quality. okay screen quality . Nice sound though . 3 stars because well its a cheap affordable device but itll get the job done.
RWB8EVMZCFGNL	5.0	It was a gift for my young child so it is great and i dont have to worry if something happens ...	1	1	Just received but already impressed for the price. It was a gift for my young child so it is great and i dont have to worry if something happens to it because of the cost.
R16K4R7ZKEMMP6	2.0	Please help me fix this	1	1	Im having a problem with internet games when i try to play them they load up then it just exit the app i have the same games on my phone and the work fine how do i fix it
R20U407LJFR7YM	5.0	awesome product	1	1	i was very impressed when i got it battery was already charged and ready to go i am very pleased with this price reasonably cheap quality of product excellent
R3IKRSXERQ4NGS	2.0	The Item was good for about a month	1	1	The Item was good for about a month...then the "On Button" got stuck Pushed in the tablet. Now it is useless. Not happy with Product.
R29V3JFMWFHU6T	1.0	I gave this to my son for Christmas (December 25) ...	1	1	I gave this to my son for Christmas (December 25) and by February 15 it wasn't working. Then I find out that it had to be returned by Jan. 31.
REQVFDENAATAN	1.0	It is only 3 months old and has stopped working ...	3	4	It is only 3 months old and has stopped working I am not sure how to have this replaced due to it being past the return time slotted.
R2YWQFMCGOFCLZ	1.0	Please save yourself the money and headache.	0	0	Do not waste your money on this tablet !! No matter how fine the china you serve the trash on, it's still trash. All the promises this product claims are not worth the paper they are written on. It moves very slow, seems to never stop loading whenever you decide to switch screens. If you expect to multitask, please, let's not even address that as a possibility. Granted, for the price I did not expect the moon and stars, but in this day and age, I also did NOT expect what was delivered to my home, oh and did I forget to mention the random "screen blinking" that occurs from time to time when you attempt to open a new app and exit your current screen, again, not the moon and stars, just basic performance expectation. So this is one of those "live and learn" experiences folks. On the up side, great color and screen detail. I will say this, "Amazon" gave me no trouble what so ever when I returned the item with a full explanation of the problems with this tablet.
R1OTLF1A4FHS06	1.0	Not happy with the product	1	1	I had to return this back as it started hanging up from first day and even the display was showing white lines. Not happy with the product.
R10PAS2PAJIZQJ	1.0	JUNK	1	1	it works, but won't let me install any apps it says there is insufficient space on device, I am going to do some research then return it.
R3T9U6YRX1UHBO	5.0	Worth $40	1	1	Great for the money. My expectations were low in buying this. All I wanted it for was to run my Google Play games. It's great for that.
R3741J38681P59	2.0	Volume is very low. Got this so my little ...	1	1	Volume is very low. Got this so my little one can watch her educative videos and there is barely any volume in all the apps downloaded.
R30NFG0F2YHD05	4.0	Wasn't expecting much but it worked GREAT.	0	0	I purchased one of these kinda of last minute as I was flying to Minneapolis from Phoenix because my Son was undergoing Surgery at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester ( Awesome Facility). We planned for a week stay and knowing I would be at the hospital most of the time while we was recovering and a 3 1/2 hr flight both ways I could load up a 32 Gb memory card with some movies. I really wasn't expecting much but didn't want to take my laptop. (I have terrible luck traveling with Laptops). When I opened it my first impression was its P.O.S. But I was wrong. It worked GREAT !!. I loaded up my Music, Movies and favorite apps and it work great. I'm still using it a lot with only one complaint, its doesn't use a USB charger But it did come with a charger so no biggie. If you need a CHEAP Android tablet for what ever reason, I do recommend this one. The HD 1024x600 high resolution 7'' display made for an enjoyable experience for watching, reading or games
R13WAVA9R856RY	5.0	My daughter loved everything, she is crazy about colorful balls so ...	1	1	My daughter loved everything, she is crazy about colorful balls so she was so happy when I opened the bag omg..... love it too
R3VDHHSJ4ZX0ZH	5.0	Sorry, negatively Rate your product by mistake, was ...	1	1	Sorry, negatively Rate your product by mistake, was another item to buy. Your tablet came I thank you very much.
R2HNTVIV7L76H5	1.0	Worked great til it didn't!	1	1	It broke within a week of use. Stopped holding a charge. Returned it and got my money back. Was a decent tablet until then.
R34W1W5JP5NJIT	1.0	White screen	1	1	Bought it for my brother had it one week he took it off the charger whole entire screen went white and it's useless now
RXA78PV526EX4	5.0	This tablet is amazing..	1	1	This tablet is amazing.....all the games I played on my phone I can play on here! No more squinting to see....5 stars
RCO81CBJTYGDL	1.0	Just a poor product	1	1	Poor on speed!! Internet moves slow can't watch movies r listen to music without it stopping.. Facebook is also slow
R1J2MTA85LAI3N	1.0	Will not charge, truly Garbage!	1	1	Will not charge, truly Garbage! Nice paper weight though. Gave as a gift to some needy kids and Now unable to return
RK6PG5VXEGRL	1.0	Just died and I was not shipped a replacement, so part of review is my responsibility.	0	0	Well this was my second tablet I purchased and this one lasted all of about six weeks and just stopped and could not be fixed, so I have it in a box with old electronics. I was going to send it back for replacement but I am disabled and it is difficult packing it back up, taking to the post office etc., so might I had been shipped another one it could possibly have been a difference circumstance and I just happened to get a lemon on the one that failed. Based on the fact that I only used this pad to play Sudoku which was only a couple of times a week, it quit working in a relatively short period of time. If I would have been shipped a new one, possibly it could have been a different result. I hate leaving feedback with a low score but just want my experience out there for others who might be shopping for Christmas presents. Sorry!
R11MCN2L0DEU4W	5.0	Returned for second device!	1	1	My second purchase of same model in 2 months time. Use Android's for audiobooks only, leaves iPad for active work.
R1IGAYLA6MGTA4	5.0	Pretty good for the price I have not had any ...	1	1	Pretty good for the price I have not had any problems out this tablet concedering all the other ones I have had.
R3UYISXTYJK9XV	1.0	I purchsed this for my father and it was not ...	1	1	I purchsed this for my father and it was not only damaged the tablet never turned on and screen was sratched...
R240IBLLG50J9G	1.0	One Star	1	1	It doesn't have 8 gigs and it runs like s*** please don't buy it and it comes with 3 preinstalled virus apps
R1FJXW18OQ19PE	3.0	this tablet performs pretty well; it functions with above average speed and ...	4	6	It's an okay tablet; regardless of the other reviews, this tablet performs pretty well; it functions with above average speed and has cunning quality. the down side is, it has a relatively low battery life (2hrs at least to 3 and a half). Also, though it may just be mine, the camera application causes system to crash and reboot itself. Though, when using an app like kik, it works fine. Also, disappointed to find that it had no bluetooth. A decent tablet for the price. Though there are better brands out there. Shoudlve read the descriptions more so I could've gotten a better tab with working camera and bluetooth for less.
R2RH2Q9LK54ZMK	1.0	Not worth it	1	1	Battery life is useless, WiFi unstable. Gift for a 10 year-old obsessed with my ipad; he still hogs my ipad
RLOGBUDN1JFCQ	1.0	It wasn't good in about 2 weeks the screen black out I ...	1	1	It wasn't good in about 2 weeks the screen black out I need a replacement because I played to much for it
R3AJWX1JQM8NJ5	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	I love the tablet and its versatility however the rate of defects makes me rethink this particular brand
R1JE5I70494VVJ	1.0	... sorry that I tell you that the product isn't good. And it has poor properties	1	1	I am sorry that I tell you that the product isn't good. And it has poor properties. I didn't like it.
RYUNIB6BI5VR8	1.0	Nothing worked	1	1	Horrible, play store does not work and the games that came with it did not work. I'm returning.
R3IFXGZ3LI8FAO	4.0	Very nice kids tablet!	0	0	This is a solid tablet. It works well and is pretty fast. It has a kids mode and comes with a silicone protector, which I really like as my daughter uses this. What's really cool, is you can turn it off of kids mode and use it as a regular tablet. It seemed like the battery life is shortened when doing taxing things such as you tube and netflix. The picture is good, but you really need to be sitting straight on. It seems to fade if it's angled the wrong way. The tablet is sturdy and durable. It has a camera feature. Also does have a slot for a memory card if you need or want to add extra memory. For the price point, this is a good option for a children's tablet. *sample provided to review
R1KJ8QPVNTYP7E	4.0	good value	0	0	battery life isn't the best and like another reviewer it will drop off the internet pretty regularly, however when one looks at the price it's amazing these items can be done for such a low cost. i am the type that uses an ol school flip phone as i don't really want my phone to do everything but eat my lunch! so, this is nice to have as an add when i want to check email quickly or listen to radio stations that are too far away but also broadcast via the net by siting "tunein" or several other sites. handy, cheap and except for the above issues worth the price. a case is necessary and they are very cheap. mini storage card might be in order also as mentioned by others.
R20071SW5VNFTZ	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	I received the purchase on time but it doesn't work right. Get very hot when on or charging.
R1TXB8N7ZBPF61	5.0	mine works great for web & video streaming! @alldaymall,please add hdmi to this tablet!! 10/10*'s	0	0	I do not understand the negative reviews, this tablet works fantastic for youtube. I click a video and it instantly plays,no buffering at all. Compared to my Vizio VTab which is several years old and cost over 100$. this alldaymall blows it away. minor issue when using the browser. i find it difficult to close tabs because the "x" to close the tab is very small and i wind up jumping back and forth between tabs,not that big a deal i just need to get more adjusted to it. also when signing up for google account with this tablet is some what difficult. Also does not support adobe flash player :( I recommend the 7$ tabsuit case for this. http://www.amazon.com/TabSuit%C2%AE-Leather-Alldaymall-Matricom-TabletExpress/dp/B00B2VMJ00/ref=pd_bxgy_147_img_2?ie=UTF8&refRID=0N7ZXX86BSGATCN2SPM4 Best tablet for the money.
R244874NR87USD	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	The device is a little slow but works. Some of the bottoms you have to push serveral time
R27V02YL1GKLWS	5.0	Excellent starter tablet	0	0	This tablet offers a whole lot of bang for the buck. It switches easily from kid to adult mode and is about as user friendly as it's possible to be. I love that memory can be added (take THAT, iPad and Kindle HDX!). The screen is large enough to see, and the tablet comes with a screen protector and a bright pink case. The battery life isn't the longest, but since you probably don't want your kids glued to a tablet 24/7, that's not a bad thing. For the price, you can't go wrong. This is a swell first tablet for kids, or for technology challenged adults. Product received for review.
R1KSBWE0VCU95A	1.0	One Star	1	1	This product boots off wifi and I have to reboot tablet in order to reconnect to wifi.
R3D5NQCBOFRMBT	2.0	Do not purchase	0	0	All in all not bad for price but there is no valuable instructions either with it or on the internet. It is also quite difficult to get onto the internet when using it at public places such as McDonalds KFC etal. The first one I had and returned would not connect at all at open internet sites and was returned. Their customer service could not help me at all when trying to get on the internet and the only real answer they had was to return it for a replacement which they did but when you have to pay $!6.00 to ship it back and it still is difficult to work this makes me quite sorry I purchased the tablet
RFYH834TC8VXW	5.0	would recomend good product for the price	1	1	Had a glitch with one .... Had it warranty replaced right away with no problems
R2S1R075HPWRLI	1.0	... at least you can spend 41 dollar in something good something that could've worked the battery spend all the ...	0	0	All of you people if see this tablet don't buy this thing it doesn't work this doesn't have the enough space in store i can't download games i can't do anything I'm gonna turn it in now it stops doesn't answering the touch screen doesn't work if you think that this is not true you're so wrong because happened the same to me i don't wanted to see the bads commentarys and i buid i know is used but at least you can spend 41 dollar in something good something that could've worked the battery spend all the energy fast there's not even a microsd of 8 gb this is not a lie it's true
R10LXW3J3JV3SJ	2.0	But the good news is it has an sd card slot for ...	0	0	I've had the tablet for a little over 4 months and within the first month the micro usb port became unsodered from the board, thus not making a connection to transfer data or charge. But the good news is it has an sd card slot for the data and a d/c power port as well so no worries right.... WRONG... the d/c power port also came off the board ,just last night, broke off into the case and is now rattling around. My tablet has a 5% charge and i have no way to charge it with both of the power options being broken off. Great tablet for the money but you get what you pay for....
R2MCZKC1CLXWRA	1.0	One Star	1	1	Was defected throwes u off internet n the middle of ur game causeing u to lose
R130E0VWFM35UJ	4.0	The costumer service is great. My device was messed up	0	0	The costumer service is great. My device was messed up, but they contacted me and offered to replace it. the tablet has a very clear screen that's ideal for watching videos and movies. The sound quality and system are also great. The screen is also easy to clean. A slight issue i had was with the charger. you do have to use a little force to get it to plug into the device, but after you know how much force to apply it's not really a problem. Overall the device does what i need it to. The only reason i haven't rated it higher is because of my initial experiences with it.
RMD503UBBU15F	5.0	good tablet at bargain basement price	1	1	I have had unit for only 2days, but so far it is working exceptionally well.
R1VW956R0QEQH	1.0	One Star	1	1	I've only used it a few days and it just quit working after being charged.
R3H822D8N92969	1.0	faulty tablet	1	1	I turned on tablet it worked for 20 min and shut down it wont even charge
R3UEIOCKYFR3XB	5.0	Great for kids..	0	0	I will list a summary of my experience with the product. - Comes with a charger, USB cable, instructions and a pink case - Tablet is very easy to start using.. turn it on and go through the setup and your ready to go - Comes with pre installed games and apps that are fun for the kids - Parental controls let you monitor and limit what apps they use - Expandable storage is great for watching movies on long car rides I received this product in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
R2F3YXULVNFCP	1.0	worst ever	1	1	I hate it ....it has a poor quality apps don't stay up and it dies alot
R1S9BXJJQHWK6Y	4.0	very good for what it is	0	0	For the price, this is actually a great tablet. I bought it mainly to serve as an ebook reader and a test device for messing around with learning Android programming. For those purposes, it succeeds admirably. The storage space is the big limitation but I knew that would be before I purchased it. I bought a cheap TF card to expand the storage and that works rather well. I think for most people this could be a good backup tablet or a good starter tablet for kids where you don't want to have to worry about them breaking it.
R288MLUQEQ0MSH	1.0	Horrible buy	0	0	Got this for my nieces 5th birthday and it was horrible. At first, it wouldn't connect to the Internet at all. After about 20 minutes of messing with it to try to get it to connect, it started shutting off. Put it back on the charger even though it said it had a full battery. Let it charge for hours and it still shut off age 3-5 minutes of turning it in. Returned it for a refund and chose a different tablet. It's now 2 weeks after her birthday and she's just now finally getting to use her present. Very disappointed!
R3LBUIIYNYRGYY	1.0	easy to get scratch on glass	1	1	Very Slow, easy to get scratch on glass , poor to none WiFi connection
R1N3UM432Z47JL	3.0	Nice for the $$, but drops WiFi connection.	0	0	The tablet works decently overall, given the $40 price; I didn't expect Galaxy Tab performance! The one drawback is when I'm using it to stream music on Pandora, it looses its connection to the WiFi, which by the way it's 2 feet away from the router. I confirmed the wiring and the WiFi by using my Samsung Phone & Tablet, along with a laptop. The funny thing is that we have another one of these that doesn't have any problems maintaining the WiFi connection. Fix this and it would deserve a 4, maybe a 5 star rating.
R3CTBUX1B2N4R7	4.0	The battery life isn't great, but it is still a wonderful tablet	1	1	The battery life isn't great, but it is still a wonderful tablet!
R3DNE122N5Z284	2.0	cheap cheap cheap	1	1	Cheap cheap cheap. Quality sucks and customer service is even worse!
R1HYRXTM2XOQM3	3.0	charger stop working after 2 days.	1	1	Tablet good. charger worked 2 .Now i have to find small pin charger.
R1OD6RUEADJIIB	5.0	... so people would know this thing is a really good buy. It's light weight	0	0	This is a much nicer tablet than I was expecting for the price and I wanted to say so in a review so people would know this thing is a really good buy. It's light weight, responds nicely to a little tap from a rubber tipped stylus, and has really nice sound through headphones. Nice picture also, and it runs well. I like it better than a 10 inch I have. Don't hesitate on this one if it has the features you want. Camera is not bad but will not save pictures unless there is a memory card mounded.
RUWUQUH06U9MO	1.0	alldaymall quad core	1	1	Its the slowest tablet I ever used. I'm very disappointed.
R1FUDP8WPL3HN9	3.0	No Bluetooth.	2	3	Before I purchased this tablet I went to the sellers website & chatted with someone. I asked if this was a Bluetooth compatible model. I was told that it was. The instruction book says it has Bluetooth compatibility. It is NOT Bluetooth compatible. However I gave the tablet to my 14 year old son & it does all the stuff he wants it to. It is a decent value.
R1BPW93GZG29JC	3.0	I was initially happy with my purchase but after 1 week the power ...	0	0	I was initially happy with my purchase but after 1 week the power button got pushed in somehow and now I cannot turn it off or on. for a little while as long as I kept it charged I could plug it in and still use it but then it died n I have no way to turn it back on so I am highly upset and should get a new one since I didn't break it. it did it itself. I loved it but now it just sits there and theres no way for me to use it.
R3BNJBJH7NQ4BJ	3.0	Get what you pay for	0	0	This device was inexpensive, that being said you get what you pay for. The screen is crappie and the plastic is weak. I purchased it for my 12 year old nephew and he likes it and it's a great way for him to prove he is responsible enough for a more expensive tablet in the future. It does what he wants which is watch videos and play games so it's exactly what I wanted for him. I just wish the screen was a little better
R1VSDCXZETFS2I	5.0	Great value on a great little tablet	2	3	I have 2 seven year olds that wanted tablets for Chritmas. Did some investigating and took a chance. I certainly am glad that i took that chance.Great little tablet for youngsters. Wonderful graphics and super clear picture. The processor makes things fly. If you are thinking about a tablet for your younger children, this is the one!!
R3B8NNV64WNVN	4.0	I love this tablet	0	0	I love this tablet. I enjoy reading my kindle books on it. when it came I was charging it and it got very hot I got concerned and contacted the seller. They contacted me speedily and told me if I use it while charging it will get very hot. I was using it while it was charging. When I charged it up again it was no so hot. I wanted to see how long it will last turned on. It lasted three hours. I really like this tablet
R3C47DIS58GX6G	5.0	It's good enough for want I wanted to do with it	0	0	Let me be clear by what I mean with this five-star rating. I don't mean that this device is a top-of-the-line tablet. It isn't. But for the price it's a great value, and it's good enough for what I wanted to do with it, which is to serve as an interface for e-books between an SD card and my Kindle Paperwhite, a situation made necessary by the fact that the PW doesn't have a memory expansion slot for a microSD card.
R3CSKLM7O6SNDT	4.0	A good tablet for the money	0	0	This is a good solid tablet. The good is it has a good picture, nice software and a decent amount of power especially in such an inexpensive tablet. The downside is the speaker is weak, the internet is somewhat slow and prone to disconnects and the memory partition of 1 GB is really annoying. All in all I got what I needed and I did not have to pay a lot to get it. I would recommend to the more budget minded user.
R2QKZLTMULY35R	3.0	it's okay	1	1	Doesn't stay charged long but it's good for the price.
RYLQTQUU0TOF9	1.0	ADULTS DON'T BUY THIS FOR YOURSELVES!!!!!!	0	0	ITS A GREAT KIDS TABLET, BUT YOU CAN T PLAY THE GOOGLE PLAY MOVIES OR BOOK APPS, THE SPEAKER SUCKS COMPARED TO THE DRAGON TOUCH TABLET, THE HEADPHONE JACK STOPPED WORKING AFTER 2 DAYS, THE SCREEN HAS A BLUEISH TINT, THE BATTERY LIFE IS A JOKE, 2 HOURS COMPARED TO 6 ON THE DRAGON TOUCH TABLET. FACEBOOK DOESN'T WORK ON THIS ONE, IT'S TO SLOW. SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GET A DIFFERENT TABLET.
RAJZVMVJSY48L	1.0	One Star	1	1	Very poor quality, it's very slow loading the apps.
REVLRLUN2ABH0	2.0	It missed a essential component	1	1	Wouldn't connect to the Internet long.. Sent back
R16HRA2CKDI5LI	4.0	A great tablet for the price	0	0	A great tablet for the price....I purchased it mainly for the camera and it is holding up to it's promise...it has front and back camera viewing and the resolution is good. It even have a USB port which is lacking on some of the more expensive tablets..I am considering using it for work also since it also can be password protected. I would recommend this product to my friends
ROI5WFENVHIZ0	3.0	Bought several of these for students in my science class ...	0	0	Bought several of these for students in my science class to use at school. Wifi performs adequately, however, cannot figure out why I am unable to set-up (restricted) user accounts. Option has been available on tablets since Android 4.2. This tablet is Android 4.4. This is one of the main advantages of purchasing THIS tablet, but I need to restrict student access.
R3VUPIBQX9Z2Q	4.0	I really like the tablet I can listen to my music on ...	0	0	I really like the tablet I can listen to my music on it and get on my social media. Yes it feels like plastic but what do you expect for the price? The picture quality is horrible. And mine runs kind of slow. It's probably a nice tablet for a kid who doesn't care about all the fancy stuff. I still like it though. It's a nice tablet and small enough to fit in my bag.
RLUCNMLVPB09C	3.0	Not gaming compatible	0	0	The tablet is a very neat and lighted weighted tablet, the graphic if fine for the price and it can runs most app, however when you try to run a rpg game or mmorpg game from google app store the game tend to close out. I have tried multiple game and they all resulted the same. If you are looking to play games on this tablet then its best you seek a different brand.
R2JWNT9XA15SAG	4.0	Excellent Value - Basic Tablet	0	0	Great deal for the price. Bought this as a birthday gift for my 7-yr old son. Six months later it is still working great, he has several games and apps that he plays regularly. The Android OIS is very user -friendly and easy to understand. I'm thinking of buying another one for my mom for Christmas. I'd recommend this brand for anyone looking for a basic tablet.
R2RPYV54HMACV0	1.0	One Star	1	1	It went white on the screen after just one week.
RR3FK7AZKJ4MX	1.0	Problems connecting to wifi	0	0	Review edit: I have decided to return this item because it was too much of a problem. Their customer service told me that the wifi module could be broke. Sounds like this happens alot. This is an average tablet for kids and I bought this for my daughter. The camera is not very clear and it has a terrible problem connecting to wifi. I have to be very close to the router just to get a signal otherwise I get a timeout error on the screen. I would not recommend buying this if you can not be close to your router otherwise you will not get wifi.
RB49PPPTI06K	1.0	One Star	1	1	I'm very disappointed, this thing doesn't work.
RFMN22SDJAXEA	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	didn't have some of the soft ware that I needed
RT9BURZ1CASLK	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	It was alright but one of my tablet didn't work
R22D9NFIZ6ABPD	5.0	in perfect english! I am very happy with the device ...	0	0	I just received a thank-you email from the seller. Alldaymall promises continued support with their contact information ... in perfect english! I am very happy with the device and it's performance. There were no surprises. Everything works as one would expect, even better. I was so taken by it's price that I got the leather cover in order to protect it.
R206TRSE9PRMDS	5.0	Withstands Kid Fumbles	0	0	Great price for a nice little tablet. My child has installed and uninstalled many apps on this tablet with no problem. It has also been dropped multiple times (at least six times) and snapped back into place with minimal damage. After so many hits there is no problem with the touchscreen or images, the casing is just slightly loose now but still playable. This has been played on a daily basis for several months and working great.
R29HGN181QI3TU	1.0	... item 2 months and it just stop charging its garbage	0	0	Bulls*** item 2 months and it just stop charging its garbage
R1TE4BPWWA610G	3.0	Good tablet for a child	0	0	Good tablet for a child. The charger that came with it stopped working. Other than that it is a pretty decent tablet
R28B8EWMKVW1S4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R37I6NI7SRXQ9O	1.0	Don't waste your time and money!! It's not worth!!	0	0	I got this thinking I could stop using my computer anytime I wanted to just jump on Facebook or Amazon or whatever. But to my surprise, this tablet was slow and would shut off randomly!! I'd start playing a game and Boom, it would go back to the home screen!! I was and still am VERY DISAPPOINTED!! If I could rate it a negative 5 star, I would!!
R98DCARDM8LS6	4.0	if a little grainy (not the best resolution camera	0	0	Had it for about a week now, so far very impressed. The 6-yr old loves it. Skype runs smoothly, if a little grainy (not the best resolution camera, but for $55 for a kid? fantastic). Love that we can add to the memory as the user takes videos and photos all day long. Fast processor. Easy to set up and start up. Very pleased, recommend.
R2X21XS4MUCO8C	3.0	I am very disappointed that this tablet doesn't have kids mode	0	0	I am very disappointed that this tablet doesn't have kids mode. I ordered another tablet just like this about a year ago and it worked great and came with a kid's mode. This tablet did not and I am not very happy about that because the only kids mode you can download cost money monthly. Other than that the tablet is great.
R1B0G90X1SWDMF	1.0	One Star	1	1	DEAR PLEASE PROVIDE SHIPPING TRACKING NUMBER
R2HXFO6LC9QD2F	1.0	Disappointed	0	0	I bought two, and both are broken already. Very light-weight and not kid-friendly. On the first one, the little jack where the earphones go sunk all the way in when we tried to plug in the earphones and the power port on other one did the same thing. When we tried to plug in the charger, the piece was pushed in. Very disappointed!
R1KZYZZCQ5ZLK5	1.0	waste of money unless you enjoy buffering!!!!	0	0	This tablet spends more time buffering than anything else. My son is so frustrated that he doesn't want to end mess with it. Quite frankly, I could better reception with rabbit ears and Reynolds wrap. Don't waste your money. Even on sale at $39.95, it is still over priced by $39.94..... Get an rca voyageur! So disappointed!!!!
R2R8TXHK8UUHGC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great product! worked right out of the box.
R3E5HE293SUJBA	5.0	... downloaded from the play store it does take some nice pictures with the back camera and it automatic moves ...	2	3	Bought it for my Girl Friend for Christmas and she loves it she plays games on it that she downloaded from the play store it does take some nice pictures with the back camera and it automatic moves apps to the micro memory card which they call the TF Card.
R2NZRH8D6UN49Q	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	I wish it would have had more onboard RAM.
RW5JAIZTQEY4T	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	This thing has the worst screen resolution
R1PTUUX8BDUO0W	2.0	What A Wonderful Display (Say it With Sarcasm)	0	0	This Is a Horrible Tablet! The only good thing about it was it being rooted and fast shipping. It was really slow and a horrible display. It is too long and not very wide. The Camera is horrible and you can't even install apps like Instagram. It is very low on memory so I could not even install more than 13 apps.
R29T44MKRF2IJZ	5.0	Works just fine for my use	0	0	It's not an iPad. I wanted a low cost way to get email, read on-line news, check the stock market and read Kindle Books. Works just fine for my use. Nothing fancy but it works for me.Can also watch Netflix in a pinch if you can put up with the small screen. Haven't tried Hulu so don't know if it works for that.
R2W56B3NDOEV8V	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Cheap but good enough to play the games.
R1XOSD2K8CV17S	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	My sister said, That's the size for her.
R2OJI5BUJJCIUZ	5.0	I appreciate the company though for the experience it was fun while it lasted to be honest	0	0	To be honest no it did not meet expectations ,the light was always dim so it was hard to see the screen in the day time,the apps on the devices was slow and it was fragile which means I no longer have the device. I appreciate the company though for the experience it was fun while it lasted to be honest.
RR0LVC2NCMADS	4.0	This unit work fine, except the wifi turns off without notice	0	0	This unit work fine, except the wifi turns off without notice. When I it turn on, the wifi shows it is working, but when I open a game that uses wifi, it won't load, because the wifi turned Iitself off. Most of the time it turns back on thru setting, but simetimes I have to reboot. Any suggestions?
R2BJYP1P6W9Z3N	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	i got i problem whit the wifi conexion.
R180CP34FYGZD1	5.0	I've gotten nothing but excellent customer service and quick responses from the alldaymall	0	0	I've gotten nothing but excellent customer service and quick responses from the alldaymall. I had to return my item and they were quick and extremely helpful in getting me a replacement. I will continue to look for their products on here whenever I need to make purchases. I Highly recommend them.
R21AN5170FK9DL	3.0	You get what you paid for.	0	0	You get what you pay for. The screen resolution isn't that great but it's OK for my kids first tablet. It would be OK for an ereader. My kids biggest complaint is that the tablet always says there isn't enough memory to download a game they wanted. I even bought a bigger memory card.
R24Q902PI6S7OC	1.0	Get another device	0	0	It was good at first now it's horrible. My boyfriends started getting slow & broke. I have a pink tablet it was okay it's in good condition but it's extremely slow doesn't act right at all. It's okay for now but I plan on sending all 4 tablets back. I spend 400 dollars for nothing for crap.
R31MF9NWE5GI7A	3.0	it's a parental control app so it ended up working out fine. Not giving five stars because it should be ...	0	0	I bought this for my daughter she loves it. The only complaint I have with it is there is no parental controls. Found an app called Iwawa, it's a parental control app so it ended up working out fine. Not giving five stars because it should be on there I shouldn't have to download something
RYAQWVVY7L8RN	2.0	charger is crap	0	0	Tablet so far works great very small though for a 7inch tablet I gave two stars because the charger that came with the tablet doesn't fit good it only goes in all the way and have to wiggle it a little bit to catch charge very disappointed if it wouldn't be for the charger its great tablet
R2SPL921KLUFHL	2.0	Charging port is not working!!	0	0	I just got this today it was almost dead. I tried the charger and it will not charge unless you are holding the cable in there by hand. It was packed nice and came with 2 usb and 1small round charger the round charger does not work. However the usb works just fine. Really fast delivery. Tablet is very small, ideal for a child. Only if it would charge right both ways. Don't understand why we need 2 charging ports on this small tablet
R130C4JSZSWWOK	1.0	Bad buy	0	0	I don't recommend after a few weeks it started to freeze and out of no where half the screen started to fade away and now the whole screen went out so weird that some games show and others are just blank and the next day the whole screen just went blank the worst part is that i bought two so o i know what to expect with the other one .
R14QBX8FWEN0OW	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	It works but is slower than I'd like.
RUIB3KDLZJU02	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Nice screen but really slow processor
RV59LAA44WWFE	3.0	Get what you pay for.	0	0	It works for my preschooler and kindergartner. One already cracked and no longer works. The only down side is the memory capability and when on youtube many of the videos keep loading and loading and pausing often, but when on the ipad at the same time no problems at all.
RUZMLL6J7XZKQ	3.0	Affordable & Kid Recommend!	0	0	This is perfect for my 2 year old son.. its the perfect size for small hands, PLUS with a case its very good at taken a fall to the floor. The camera options and lighting could be better, but I bought this for my son not to take pictures. We Love it because it's affordable!
R3P776T4V9LBEK	4.0	Great Tablet for the price	0	0	I love the color, the price, & it's very fast! The screen is perfect size for reading & there are so many options. The only thing I wish it didn't do was run low on battery really fast. The battery doesn't last that long at all. Other then that, for the price, great buy!
R2KTZQ05BEP3LT	1.0	One Star	1	1	bad quality product. Do not buy it.
RGN0INP4LAZPG	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	I am not satisfied with the product
R6S56BS6701FF	2.0	it's not a perfect wifi signal	0	0	Wow the reviews were ever wrong. slow as heck, non responsive most of the time. Even sitting next too the router, it's not a perfect wifi signal, takes forever to load up once turned on and its just slow on everything after that. Didn't pay much and it doesn't do much.
R2WXN81BBQYVFC	2.0	And the instruction booklet that comes with it is useless! It explains NOTHING	0	0	Not crazy about the storage! And it has a habit of updating things on its own! Things I don't use and don't affect what I do use! Let's just say its not whaypt I was hoping it would be! And the instruction booklet that comes with it is useless! It explains NOTHING!!!!!
RWSGWGB644US6	5.0	i love this i bought it for my grandson i like ...	0	0	i love this i bought it for my grandson i like the size of it cause he can hold it in his hand easier to not break it has alot of options on it and games we bought it so he could play games and he is doing just fine with it..this was well worth the price..
R1MS6DRBN45C9T	4.0	This is pink not red my b, pic looked ...	0	0	This is pink not red my b, pic looked more red... screen broke 2 days after giving it to my 3 year old, you can't tell where it's broken because the picture works on the entire screen but only half the the touchscreen is touchable so big bummer there...
R1LVPGEA6YFWO6	1.0	I'm very disappointed, this thing doesn't work	0	0	I'm very disappointed, this thing doesn't work. I was using it and suddenly it turned off and now it does not turn on. The battery was charged. If I didn't live in Venezuela, I would return the product. By the way, one of the charger does not even work.
R2WZJD6Q83IYJ8	3.0	Ok for the price	0	0	Nice tablet but battery drains quickly even with just play store or amazon kindle and does not charge properly have to leave tablet on and place on table and find the sweet spot and hope the cable or tablet does not move if it does the tablet will die
R1FDDGZKDCS2EI	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Awesome! Fast and great tablet!!
R34U9XE8YAM7ML	5.0	she loater told me she was delighted with the tablet and it had all the apps ...	0	0	this tablet was a gift for a friend.she took it to the library and started downloading videos immediately.she later told me she was delighted with the tablet and it had all the apps she was looking for.by her delight i gave it the highest rating.
R3479XSNOGQJD5	3.0	Fair	0	0	Its fair, neither great nor junk. But if I had it all 2 do over I would have spent other 30 or 35 do??arsand got a better one. It can be a bit laggy and if it goes into sleep mode it disconnects from the WiFi. Doesn't burn anything just averting.
R15DE3BCW4XS28	1.0	its already messing up so its not a good buy, I should have known better then to ...	0	0	This was supposed to be a 10 inch tablet and I get it and its a 7 inch, its already messing up so its not a good buy, I should have known better then to by this, I had the Samsung galaxy tablet and it lasted me 2 years, you get what you pay for.
RQ48FF3NIVRRU	1.0	Cheap Quality	0	0	Worked fine (with a terrible screen but thay was fine since i only use it at night) until the power button somehow broke so i couldn't turn it on. I managed to MacGyver a solution until the charger port fell out somehow?? So now it wont charge and wont turn on, because the pieces literally fell out of the table. It just sits by my bed charging during the day and i use it at night, it has never been dropped or anything. This tablet is crap and not worth $10 let alone $40
REU54B66PS13W	1.0	bad tablet	0	0	one of the worst tablets i bought after a week the tablet started to run slow and batter would drain fast and then it happened the screen went white one of the worst tablets save you sefl the time and the money and buy a ipad or amazon fire hd
R3FTQW4BNUOQ4A	4.0	Great starter tablet	0	0	These tablets were given as a gift for kids first tablet. She said they seem to function ok and perfect for a first tablet. By no means are these high end tablets but for the price great starters. Gave 4 stars because they do run a bit slow.
R3GCLROGIVZB1H	2.0	Disappointing	0	0	Pros: Nice processor, screen and touch response for the money, Google play works. Cons: Could be brighter, Terrible WIFI signal. I could live with the screen brightness but the sub-par WIFI is intolerable. I can not recommend.
R30APVU0ONW83G	5.0	very nice tablet, works great	0	0	very nice tablet, works great, have not had any problems with it, connects right away and stays on all the time. Need to get a card so i can download some more games and pictures on it. Would definitley would recommend this item
R2XFGQGI3KL41F	4.0	Good tablet according to price	1	1	Good tablet according to price
RO2ZX4OF5AYVE	1.0	Would not connect to the internet.	0	0	Recently bought two of these for my 10 year old grandsons - one would not take a charge OR connect to the internet and the other just would not connect. I guess you will get what you pay for. I was very disappointed in this tablet.
R75OM7ACLPI32	5.0	Two Stars	1	1	Fast shipping and works great
R36EOJV4RBM5KB	1.0	Absolute crap	0	0	Absolute crap. Doesn't run right. Drop it once it white screens. The keyboard is extremely inaccurate. And it runs slower than hell. My iPod that has internet issues runs better than this. I would rate 0 stars but I can't.
R2XG2R2R3MOYUN	3.0	I like the look and feel of the case but I ...	0	0	I like the look and feel of the case but I think it's stupid that the stand on the back of the case is attached to the case so that it only stands up about an inch from the table or your lap. I don't call that a stand!!!
R2PU938TSXC0HN	4.0	Pretty good value!	0	0	I bought this for my fiancé. We didn't have a lot of money to spend. It isn't worlds greatest product, but it works well. He loves it. He mostly uses it for Facebook. I would recommend it I you can't afford to spend more.
R11XVKX68UTM59	3.0	deal breaker:)	0	0	I do love my tablet. first one I have ever owned and it works great! wish I could have gotten the tab S which has better screen resolution but the price difference was deal breaker. I'm happy with this one for the money.
R1C4Y90967LBY	4.0	extra memory	0	0	Great for the price! You will most likely need to buy external storage. But for the price that was fine with me. Small and portable which is what I was looking for and works with MOST of t the apps I use on my phone.
RVZMAN1ISM14J	4.0	love it and it's so worth it!	0	0	Bought it for my nephew and he loved it. Everything works properly except for the microphone, when recording videos he cant hear any sound when playing it. I give it 4 stars because it was worth every penny and more!
R6KLNCO0BFLP4	5.0	Perfect for Kids	0	0	Perfect for a child. Did not need a tablet that came with all those fancy specs. My son uses it for his games, and with the kindle app he has a library of books. Browsing quality is a bit slow but that was expected.
RY2VERWI905LI	4.0	Great, cheap tablet	0	0	I use this tablet as a bedtime clock because it is big enough to see without my glasses. I've used it with no issues for 5 months now. The clock runs a little fast (2 min /month) but it corrects itself as soon as I connect it to the internet.
R2GA93VL3RW4YL	2.0	USED?!?!	0	0	Mine was used when I opened the box. Screen is all dirty and stuff was already loaded. I am just buying one to test for a marketing campaign so I won't worry about it. I will just buy from someone else next time.
R1L5JE2XB0AVMS	4.0	Good product!	0	0	Works very well and I like it a lot. I just wish it was a little bit cheaper. The best thing I noticed is that the battery life is great. In standby mode, the battery remains and drains slowly. I like that a lot.
R1C1GJ8YCS9HMH	4.0	How can this be so good and so cheap?	0	0	The USB port doesn't work very well.... but I use wifidroid to transfer ebooks. I got it for my wife, and she loves it. Her first tablet, and she hates smart phones... Lots of storage, I may get one for myself.
RSX5EKM479CP6	4.0	Good for the Price, Better than expected	0	0	Pretty good for the price. Still struggling to adjust myself of finding tabs. Overall it is fine for the price. I purchase two of them. Once thing that bothers me is the screen visibility. Not too clear.
R2YXLZGYV8N30K	2.0	No Sound!	0	0	Just received this tablet today. No sound comes out of the speaker. Set the volume all the way up, but no sound. It does work with headphones but don't want to be tethered 100% of the time. Sending it back.
R5B8QURRW9SIP	1.0	The cheap thing turns itself off even when fully charged ...	0	0	The cheap thing turns itself off even when fully charged, then won't turn back on until you plug it in. Now the junkie charger tip has broken off in the tablet. I wish I could return it but I'm past the date.
R3D6HJVAG6COL7	1.0	it kept shutting off going back to the main page ...	2	3	it kept shutting off going back to the main page it use the battery of 60 percent in about 8 minutes and it would use the battery while it was turned off
R1S4Y2AOI1MV3G	1.0	... came in and i turned it on i was disappointed to find that the tablet's screen wouldn't even work	0	0	Ordered it and when it came in and i turned it on i was disappointed to find that the tablet's screen wouldn't even work! It was all just white with a bunch of weird lines i do not recommend this tablet.
R2TFTVNJPT46F1	5.0	Awesome little tablet!	0	0	I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 7 year old daughter. She absolutely loves it and it is a great tablet! It does anything an iPad or similar would do, but for her, all we need are games. Love it!
R1WN8ZAK7Q2G5C	4.0	The protective case feels like it will easily slide out of the hands	0	0	As described. Screen and camera quality only suitable for a child. The protective case feels like it will easily slide out of the hands. It would have been nice if it came preloaded with some kids app.
RK13C1QBLD7BX	1.0	Charging issues	0	0	It's October I bought this in August .withing weeks of buying the charger it came with stopped working so we improvised and used a android phone charger it now no longer charges at all .Waste of money
R3T0RKTYWXG0U8	1.0	Worst tablet I've ever used!!!	0	0	The internet is super slow. The tablet would turn off when it had plenty of battery life left and it wouldn't turn back on for 3-4 hours. The charger stopped working after the first time I used it.
RCZYAMTNX45XU	4.0	as described	1	1	It's fine for what it is.
R1QK0AFRBE8AH3	4.0	Works very well. I must admit that I only ...	0	0	Works very well. I must admit that I only use this for the kindle app to read books. I use my iphone for web browsing, etc. My experience has been positive, particularly given the price.
R356OHJHZ44FI8	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Tablet broke very easily
R3W4TF34TAT05X	1.0	Not happy with this tablet.	0	0	When playing games it kicks me off. Sending messages on the game the key board goes off before I finish. When l'm working with wifi I can't go to another room without wifi turning off.
RH2Y6SBUWBU6J	4.0	WRONG COLOR	0	0	Just opened mine!! It's [ PINK ] was supposed to be [ PURPLE ] ! So far works great, other than sending me the WRONG COLOR, I think it was a great deal...
R2PV1F4EF7LCGK	1.0	It’s a waste of $$	0	0	It takes forever to connect to the internet & then when it does I can’t watch anything-it sends a message saying it can’t connect but it’s connected. It’s a waste of $$. Don’t buy it.
R1LEODNQ49S9YZ	3.0	Cheap but thats ok	0	0	Cheap but thats ok, for 40 bucks its kind of a miracle to be honest, not an amazing tablet but for what it can do i'd recommend it for kids or something you need on the side at work
R2I3L7IUS5SE6F	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It's just what I wanted
R3UN8V3Z5AGXI3	5.0	Could have been better	1	1	OK tablet for the price
R1ML9CTH126Y3W	5.0	Good, Cheaper Tablet for a Simple user	0	0	That's a good and cheaper Tablet for a Basic Usability, i recommend it if want it to do a simply work, such as Browser in the Web, play music and Video, ect things that are simple.
R29O638AAIUMCQ	5.0	Perfect for kids	0	0	This is perfect for what we needed it for. I would not buy this item if you needed lots of memory. This is perfect to download a handful of games at a time. My niece loves it!!!
R3GSXW9ZX62PFU	1.0	Not good!	0	0	I bought this for my 5 year old to play games on. The games took forever to load, they restarted and not enough memory. Also very difficult to plug into charger. I returned it.
RZ65A00PMWHIE	3.0	All in all I thought it looked pretty sturdy!	0	0	My grandson already wrecked it pulling out the charger!! The insert where charger gets plugged in fell out! I can't charge it now! All in all I thought it looked pretty sturdy!
R3KLLJ51K477I4	5.0	i love dis it can hold alot of apps & other ...	0	0	i love dis it can hold alot of apps & other stuff . it is drop proof (but don't drop it ) lol, my little 1 drop it so much til i can't believe it still works but again thank u
R1REST8AM14AJQ	5.0	good deal	0	0	Just got mine it's good for my 3 yr old bought 2 but hey can't complain for the price.I can't aford Xmas this year for my kids 4 boys so what I got for 2 is ok by me..thank u.
R8HX3YA9E38NI	1.0	Not a very good product	0	0	This product was amazing when we got it, one week after having it the charger part bent and broke off. Disappointed!
R8U31F0EPS8RB	4.0	He is real happy with it	0	0	Purchased this for my grandson for Christmas. He is real happy with it. He gets on face book and a few other social networks. It is plenty fast enough for what he uses it for
R371O2VJB9O080	3.0	Not worth it.	0	0	I ordered this for my son for his birthday, it did good first few days then started freezing up and wouldn't even turn off, wouldn't advise anyone to purchase this product.
R1H5J6K2NOEE0V	4.0	So Far....Has worked Great.	0	0	So Far....Has worked Great. Very Happy. I read all the comments on the poor battery life... I've had for 1 week and have not yet had a problem. Fingers crossed!!
R3IHTAZG62SMLS	3.0	Very good for the price	0	0	Very good for the price. Charger gets very hot when using and charging at the same time. Battery life leaves a little to be desired. Overall, I am happy with my purchase.
R3H78NQQ543GFV	1.0	It's crap!! it worked for maybe a month and ...	0	0	It's crap!! it worked for maybe a month and now sits on the shelf cause it wont stop booting up long enough to actually come on. should of just a fire like i wanted....
R3RZ6AEAMVHEPY	1.0	Everythings fine for a cheap tablet but the touchscreen doesn't work ...	0	0	Everythings fine for a cheap tablet but the touchscreen doesn't work right on the mainscreen. Just on the one spot though. if there were an app for that it would be ok.
R1DIWGPCT5QP8D	2.0	Some problems	0	0	I thought it was supposed to have 8GB of storage space and not ram and has a problem with closing out apps while your in them. Other than that its a pretty good tablet
R15O0M7J1R0U0C	4.0	He was all over it and said it was easy to use	0	0	I bought this for my Grandson's 10th birthday. He was all over it and said it was easy to use. The camera quality is NOT good but other than that it is a great tablet.
R639WT0OR4AK5	1.0	Poor	0	0	Sluggish, will not stay on a web page, will not send Twiter messages, will not play YouTube videos, frequent crashes. Not worth the money. The worst choice possible.
R31KQTPGU2MEMF	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great value for money
R2IIW47FLQYITZ	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	Hard to pick up wifi.
R2FQN4Y6E56VW9	5.0	very happy ty Amazon	0	0	This tablet is fast I like it very much, my only thing I wish it did work without WiFi or if I could get a type of internet that would let it go online without WiFi.
R1X7J3VZ8M5DO5	1.0	Trash	4	6	Like throwing your money in the trash. Had for three weeks. Now will not turn on. 😠
R3DZRQS16DC66W	1.0	This does not work do not buy, after two ...	0	0	This does not work do not buy, after two months of receipt he died, I lost my money with this product and now no one to answer me this pérdida.NoI regret that amazon does not take into consideration increase the time to demand guarantees of defective products in the case of those who buy into this product and do not live in USA and contact the manufacturer and not had a clear answer about my problem.
RIWV6LRSR0BHT	4.0	Works fine. Runs a little slow	0	0	Works fine. Runs a little slow, but sped up after Youtube tutorial on how to make it run faster. Does the job, good graphics, good deal for $40, no real complaints.
R1TKJGNMKJOM6S	5.0	Bought for my 3 year old granddaughter so she could ...	0	0	Bought for my 3 year old granddaughter so she could have her own Pad and she loves it. Works very well and keeps my granddaughter learning new things every day.
R20V4IR0DYNQG6	4.0	Great for the price	0	0	Pros: Cheap and is full Android tablet. Cons: Wifi range is low. Memory is low. But for $30 it is awesome! Just get one and try it out.
R2DYS799WCQYQT	5.0	great deal.	0	0	Works very well for web browsing, Email ' and most games. It gas a few bugs in its system but no more than most devices of it's type. Well worth the price.'
R1V89R2LU7OJ5Y	2.0	It would be nice if it included a better software package	0	0	The battery doesn't last too long, and it's a little more cumbersome to use than we anticipated. It would be nice if it included a better software package.
R10Q4YN3FL3SIC	3.0	It was working fine and perfectly match my 6 years old son needs	0	0	It was working fine and perfectly match my 6 years old son needs. But unfortunately the screen broke after less than a month even it had a cover case on it.
R1V48R0094QQXY	2.0	good for the price	0	0	Not the best, but will work for the small stuff like email and surfing the web, bought it for a 10-14 year old that just wants to play with google app games
R2RF1ZAUY9LOU7	1.0	It was a waste of my money	0	0	It worked for one day. The battery dies quickly. The touchscreen won't work so I can't even turn it off or on to restart it. It was a waste of my money.
R1BVVO7VS9HCWP	1.0	disappointed buyer	0	0	The tablet itself is pretty but the tablet to me is garbage it doesn't stay charged long and dies very quickly. It also doesn't hold hardly any memory.
R29KRG3TRSHO08	1.0	We had this approximately less than 2 week. It ...	0	0	We had this approximately less than 2 week. It fell apart and I put the top back on and then it was not usable and I returned it and got my money back.
RP40W6SICD7QI	1.0	but very bad, the package is used	0	0	excuse my English , but very bad , the package is used , the scratched screen, paperless screen protection , no charger in the box, not really happened
R39ZYGU4GNHB2Q	5.0	So I'm satisfied with the product	0	0	Decent tablet for young children. Very inexpensive. Had a few issues but amazon sent a replacement with no hassle. So I'm satisfied with the product.
R1VWNBCTYOQ57Z	1.0	Worthless garbage, don't throw your money down the drain shop ...	0	0	I received this product on 6-24-15 and on 10-1-15 it was inoperative! Worthless garbage, don't throw your money down the drain shop somewhere else.
R7OCZTQHWCGWR	1.0	dissatisfied customer	0	0	brought this tablet for my son within a couple of days it stopped workingvery very poor quality tablet will not waste my money on this tablet again
R3I27JEVV5OMB6	3.0	All in all it is a good tablet for the money	0	0	All in all it is a good tablet for the money, but the battery goes down really fast. Charges quickly, but the battery life is my only complaint.
R3JGGSP0L60BBP	3.0	Good for it being on sale but it runs VERY ...	0	0	Good for it being on sale but it runs VERY slow. Its slower than my cell phone, but I've never had a tablet before so a good first one I guess.
REXKK7KSKZ02	5.0	lovin it	0	0	( 115-7399336-9824228 my order ID) I love it still getting use to it very user friendly love that part completely satisfied ! Thank You
R9WNLNAZ5911R	2.0	... is small and screen and camera quality isn't that great. Get what you pay for don't have to ...	0	0	Tablet is small and screen and camera quality isn't that great. Get what you pay for don't have to high expectations if you go with this one
R1QCK5AJIJ8I8H	5.0	... were given as gifts to my nephews and they love it. Because it has a dual camera they ...	0	0	These were given as gifts to my nephews and they love it. Because it has a dual camera they were having fun taking pictures of themselves.
R1C1SYZ9KVD6W2	3.0	It runs a little slow on some games, and ...	0	0	It runs a little slow on some games ,and one of the games cuts right out before I start. I will say it was worth the $40.00 I spent on it.
R34WFZ1A6KOA4F	4.0	very nice for my 3 year old birthday gift	0	0	Very,very nice for my 3 year old birthday gift...much better quality than the Orbo Jr. I originally ordered and a couple of dollars less.
R1M5ATY6K8LK7B	5.0	It is a perfect tablet for my 7 year old niece	0	0	It is a perfect tablet for my 7 year old niece, she plays on it with no problems. I would definitely purchase another one if I needed it.
R3PKXZHMDCBVG	1.0	Non functional I purchased this item but cannot use it ...	0	0	Non functional I purchased this item but cannot use it since it keeps going blank and you have to start over whatever you were doing
RF1UES4R4I8WE	2.0	J needa label for this tablet it so t hold ...	0	0	J needa label for this tablet it so t hold charge I can't print out labels so I can return this tablet a d a different one thank h
R2GLTFBPNQ2YTA	5.0	so far so good.	0	0	So far this tablet hasnt been a let down. Works great!! Perfect for my mom as an early mothers day gift. Shipped quick and got here fast!
R1EHL97DSZFVQ6	3.0	Is a little slow compared to other tablets and if ...	0	0	Is a little slow compared to other tablets and if you get one crack in the screen the touch screen is done and the whole thing is useless
R2TSN3PU0XYWRS	1.0	I do not buy the amazon I clone myself and ...	0	0	I do not buy the amazon I clone myself and gif I use my card, I request the return of my money I do not want the products and do not buy
R2V37FTB9MOY3S	5.0	simple & easy to use	0	0	I just wanted something simple and I got just that. Easy to use and at such a great price.I recommend this tablet...especially for kids!
R21ZHS57ZHZM2M	1.0	had to send it back, if they pick it ...	0	0	had to send it back,if they pick it up.frooze up right out of box.could not get on at all,just a thing that happens..not amazons fault..
R30UVBRXZQGX1N	2.0	... to be able to hit certain buttons but works fine for doing small things	0	0	Part of the screen doesn't work so constantly have to rotate it to be able to hit certain buttons but works fine for doing small things.
RG5XOSGM7VE7B	4.0	The battery isn't the best but it gets the job done	0	0	This little guy is prefect fire my daughter, we use it for long trips and movies. The battery isn't the best but it gets the job done.
R2D5P6I0AJ7NG	3.0	Charger broke after 7 days	0	0	The charger broke after a week. Had to buy SD card and still can't get YouTube or Skype working for my 9 year old, otherwise it's good
R3PNFCRG62NL6C	5.0	for my kids and i was happy. it works just fine	0	0	i just buy this tablets , for my kids and i was happy . it works just fine , and the price is very very good for this kind of tablet.
R3T3IALCD407IU	1.0	of very poor quality, very light screen is damaged just by ...	0	0	of very poor quality, very light screen is damaged just by touching it, I regret the money you spend on it, albeit expensive not worth
R3656C0YX1Z8M7	3.0	Was great while it lasted	0	0	Was great while it lasted, had to charge lot and got hot to touch with in 3 months of owning the charger place broke inside of tablet
R3PZETD2SSQFP6	4.0	works good other then it takes a little bit of time ...	0	0	works good other then it takes a little bit of time to get apps to open.... other then a couple bugs.... it is great for the price!!!
R3IG4V0WB4X733	2.0	And takes poor quality pictures	0	0	Hard to read. And takes poor quality pictures. Ok for looking up things on line. And works well with chromecast as a remote devise.
R3AT6S36RJG0Y6	2.0	worth the money	0	0	Definitely worth the money. Bought it a month ago. Very slow. Not enough storage and wouldn't read the SD card. Now it doesn't work
R2X6DB0Z6M5DA	2.0	not good quality	0	0	Waste of money. Screen is pixelated, not good for games or watching videos. Spend the extra money. My 3 year old loves it though!
R3E25NJQ3PCOYO	5.0	Seems like a good product	0	0	Bought it for my granddaughter for Christmas. Seems like a good product, only played it a few minutes to make sure it worked.
R16X9CLHVWF625	3.0	You need to make sure you hit the section you want with a bit of force but its great for he price	0	0	Screen isn't very sensitive. You need to make sure you hit the section you want with a bit of force but its great for he price.
R2T2POXLLYNW6G	4.0	It's an attractive product, which my grandson loves. ...	0	0	It's an attractive product, which my grandson loves. Only slight quibble is its speed of communicating with my WiFi network.
R1XKNK55H2IA7N	1.0	It would be great if it wasn't cracked on the screen as soon ...	0	0	It would be great if it wasn't cracked on the screen as soon as I got it but the other one works great no complications 👍👍
R245NW4YCB5JX	3.0	its cool, has a few extras most dont have	0	0	its cool, has a few extras most dont have,.. not as durable as we hoped but protective cases can help but i recommend!!
R2VDYPIQI96RSE	5.0	WiFi won't stay turned on	1	1	need assistance
R34DNFEQ5PGZ2K	3.0	Excellent for the price	0	0	Excellent for the price. It is a little slow, but I definitely cannot complain for the price. Great for my two year old.
R3GSACAJDKJF8D	2.0	dont bother	0	0	It doesnt hold a full charge,adapter was missing. Doesnt work well at all. But i guess thats what u get for the price:(
R2FINKFK4JKV7E	1.0	Do not buy!!	0	0	I will be returning, I've only had the tablet 6 days and it is already not working, you really get what you pay for!!!
R3OL1VEADQAP8L	1.0	Nice if I could figure out settings	0	0	I can't get this seemingly nice tablet to function.There isn't any # or email for tech support. So far, I'm not happy.
R39Z0RWH2TAHWG	5.0	My 14 monthsold baby girl love this. I love the fact that I can ...	0	0	My 14 monthsold baby girl love this.I love the fact that I can lock it and only allowe what apps I want her to use.
R3698BN7T0U5MY	5.0	I love this tablet the only thing that I don't like ...	0	0	I love this tablet the only thing that I don't like is that in the picture, looks big but when I receive it was small
R18W01J1I9W2B9	5.0	Nice!	0	0	Nice units for children or adults that just want email, the internet and a few games! Even a nice front/back camera!
R1Q9PK9AO68J5O	1.0	The screen was bad when I received it	0	0	The screen was bad when I received it. It appeared to have possibly gotten hot. The sides were wavy. I returned it.
RVID2CNYG6MR5	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	It's not what I expected,slow to load,bluetooth always stop working,play store always stop responding than closes.
R1K8L1H32FHEHU	3.0	My niece love it. But I have to urge you to ...	0	0	My niece love it. But I have to urge you to remove my card information in your system, stop taking my money .
RE6F463YECHHU	5.0	I have a son, so I am worried about ...	0	0	I have a son, so I am worried about the color in the first place, but I found out the pink case is removable!
R8OFFHCHZ221U	5.0	I was very impressed when I received the tablet. ...	0	0	I was very impressed when I received the tablet . It was exactly what I was looking for as a Christmas gift.
R2G7I8PJYDP75U	1.0	CHEEP S***	0	0	IWILL NEVE GET THIS OR TELL ANTONE ABOUT IT THE IS NO WAY TO SPEEK TO ANY ABOUT IT IT WORKED GOOD FOE AWEEK
R1MW7IFXUZ8FIZ	3.0	Starter pad for your kid's	0	0	The screen look distorted in color other than that is cool for your kid or child to use for a starter pad
R3QN0MEW6EU98O	1.0	One Star	1	1	PIECE OF SH&&
R1VVARPYR2W71T	1.0	Not worth it	1	1	Not worth it.
R2U4XW9ESWOU6S	3.0	... a decent table but a little slow kind of disappointed but for what i paid i guess it is ...	0	0	its a decent table but a little slow kind of disappointed but for what i paid i guess it is what you get
RMIVII2KS1O35	4.0	excellent tablet for under 40 bucks.	0	0	Love it, the screen is not ultra HD but hey for under 40 bucks what do you expect? Nice starter tablet.
RGA0YX6UJ4XHB	5.0	It came fast and works perfect for my 9yr old and 3yr old	0	0	It came fast and works perfect for my 9yr old and 3yr old. They play it all the time no complaints here
RUQ3IFM3Q8Q24	1.0	Four Stars	0	0	returned product
R1SPDOIMTLV02I	4.0	Happy price, happy child.	0	0	Bought for a seven year old and works good enough for him. Durable but screen is really bad resolution.
R1UGGLGOQZTUEY	4.0	I bought this alldaymall tablet for my 2 year old ...	0	0	I bought this alldaymall tablet for my 2 year old son an it do worth it I'm very please of it √√√√√√√√
REJ6N0VEJGM2O	1.0	So Freaking Small!!!!	0	0	This Tablet is so small!!!! If you want a buy tablet them don't ever buy this one!!!! This is s***....
R2KU4S2YL4V4Q	1.0	Save your money	0	0	This was a piece of junk nothing works right if it worked at all had to send it back and get a refund
R3O60O3ZZMADXR	3.0	It's okay to use but no instructions...	0	0	It works well but there are no instructions how to use it. I had to set it up for myself on my own.
R1DSYZ8IGTMGTA	5.0	amazing.	0	0	great device, helps pass the time. Very easy to use and instructions are clear and easy to follow.
R2VNQQ1UHUH3G9	5.0	THE PRICE WAS GREAT AND MY CHILD LOVES	0	0	THIS ITEM WAS EVERYTHING THEY SAID IT WOULD BE AND MORE. THE PRICE WAS GREAT AND MY CHILD LOVES IT
R1VXUYGY58KA63	1.0	One Star	1	1	Did not work
R154XQFMO0IJ70	5.0	Works great. This is the second time I purchased this ...	0	0	Fast delivery. Works great. This is the second time I purchased this item for kids they love it.
R1A38ANJ2S5IA8	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	good service to deliver the product , is a product exelecte if one takes into account its price.
R4BA4LFLU032G	5.0	Very Nice Tablet. I purchased this for my 3 year old and I will probably be buying myself one.	0	0	Seems pretty good so far. Its much better than I expected. I purchased this for my 3 year old. Im going to order a tablet for myself from ALLDAYMALL. ONLY thing I dont like is that they dont have an additional optiona insurance plan because my 3 year is a handful when it comes to expensive things. He took his Nabi Jr tablet in the tub with him ;-/
R29A98QXPG3UQP	1.0	disappointed	0	0	very poor resolution and low sharpness, the camera and video is not working. I am disappointed
RBW5THETTARRK	5.0	This is a fantastic device for the price.	0	0	It has functionality about the same as a smartphone, but with a larger screen. Very reliable.
RZYZNKF06SKFP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It works ok, however, the screen is scratched and the battery seems to go down really quick.
R2099YTA3OPP2I	3.0	Overall its good the camera is not clear and the speaker is ...	0	0	Overall its good the camera is not clear and the speaker is low but its for my kid so its ok
RGLU0H9MMAZMK	1.0	One Star	0	0	I'm dissapointed with it, it works for 2 and half weeks then the stern went black and white
R2AZGB19ITO8AX	4.0	good service and operation	0	0	Very child friendly, good service and operation. Astounding picture quality. Also durable.
R1HMYEGKUHDT34	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	It was the perfect gift for my mom and she loves it! Now she can play her games, anywhere!
R3R8JT10Q7REWO	4.0	Not bad for what you pay for	0	0	Good for a small child. The tablet runs pretty slow. Overall great for what I need it for.
RGTII2T613GMI	1.0	Not happy with it at all but for the price you ...	0	0	This item freezes up. Not happy with it at all but for the price you get what you pay for.
R20RZ30CFRTW5D	1.0	One Star	0	0	No good games for my daughter to play at all . Very confusing on how to download anything
R197DJI9MUYH7T	5.0	Bought two, great value!	0	0	Great little tablets for my kids for Christmas. Bought two of them so there's no arguing!
R2M2DMAS4VNQZC	1.0	Can't believe it don't work	0	0	I got one two months ago and not even a month and a half it won't turn on can I return it
R10I1QTDNKVHFT	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	My child was excited to receive this product, and it arrived in time for her birthday!!!!
R3QQXQXNY9WNXH	1.0	This product was in horrible shape. It wasn't the best tablet but that ...	1	2	This product was in horrible shape. It wasn't the best tablet but that was fine it was for my toddler. My complaints is that is was used and still even had peoples pictures on it . Scratches all over the place, even the cracks around the screen and like smashed in food ! I honestly would of kept the tablet if it was in "new" condition because it was perfect for what I need it for( to keep a kid busy when we go shopping and ect.) but it was just horrible.
R3B77YUJH8INTK	2.0	volleyball A88X7"quad core	0	0	We are very satisfied with this product ,bought it for my husband he loves it thank you
R29M5PQYN4T0GN	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Lasted less than a year. The screen all of a sudden become a befuddled array of lines
R1RJTURIVRV7JB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it, I should have gotten a bigger one, this one is smaller than the one I have
R3GAHMY16OUBPF	1.0	One Star	0	0	The tablet stop working within two weeks of having it. I will not buy it ever again.
R39CJ2CN8M4AWQ	5.0	It was for my husband who is 77 years old ...	0	0	It was for my husband who is 77 years old, he is learning how to use it and loves it
R1C8XUJEF1AZ7B	5.0	Outstanding	0	0	Love this tablet just what I need when I am at work hoping to get another very soon
R27REKZKADML1I	5.0	affordable tablet	0	0	Great tablet, its very affordable and the function is just beyond what I expected.
R2Q69YKUEAEEBA	2.0	Doesn't work very we l very slow run time if ...	0	0	Doesn't work very we l very slow run time if I knew I wouldn't have purchased
R1J6JEOF1IO9WL	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great for the price. Gave it to my 4 year old to pkay apps and watch kids youtube.
R1U33XVI61R6IG	5.0	They where totally thrilled and they love them.	0	0	Bought 2 of these for my parents. They where totally thrilled and they love them.
R2WY62Q53UYNOG	1.0	TERRIBLE	0	0	The speaker has never worked and it get very hot once the battery gets around 50% and shuts down. Very unhappy
R27TUHPPGRX9HX	1.0	it was really slow as soon as I turned it on.	0	0	it was slow as soon as I turned it on. it took forever just to load up anything.
R1R6EH7NS0NJCW	3.0	good tablet for the prize	0	0	The tablet is to slow for the 512 mb of ram and the WiFi gives a little problem
R2VVRKG5TXHRKP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I'm really enjoying this high quality tablet! Was inexpensive and high quality!
R2SMZ3VIP955AI	1.0	Bad tablet	0	0	The touch screen broke after 2 days, drops the Wi-Fi, slow when downloading.
R3OHLPDZZSMJ74	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Had very difficult time trying log on internet. Even purchase new wifi router.
R1G62KMOL708MU	1.0	One Star	0	0	broke after falling for the first time from a height of only 2 and a half feet
R1SF056UGFWJYZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I purchase the tablet for my Dad and he loves it. The oruce was right on.
R2AM5XRMXUFF15	1.0	One Star	0	0	did not like it cannot take pictures can't download nothing I really hate it
R3PEREH1V3747K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent product, good quality, very attentive seller, everything on time .
RPMQ010U19AKD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	i love the talet it proved sufficient for the games and surfing my son does
R1NJIDL6XS4ARZ	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	use it a few times and the screen broke is there any warranty on this item.
R2QKD9V2VTKBY4	5.0	keeps me up to date	0	0	Its a very nice tablet, keeps me up to date of all the latest in everything
R1KVWYAGOT8RTE	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	It seems they took the money put it back in and then took it back out again
R2M82RCBVB0XF2	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	this one also the same it didn't last for 2 mouths and the glass is broken
R1429GPDNLBYF7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Good item
R1T8V0H8W4YCSO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It is very nice my daughter is going to love got it for her for Christmas
R2KNZA33I7JUTJ	1.0	One Star	0	0	Bad, lags all the time, and there's a light on the bottom makes no sense.
R3HIWEB95WX6RE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent seller I am satisfied with the purchase , it is what I expected
RHZM7AFYX5YE2	5.0	Good buy	0	0	It is easy to use It is new and can do all I would do on any other tablet
R19926KX3TIDRY	4.0	Great tablet. Great picture quality	0	0	Fast transaction and fast shipping. Great tablet. Great picture quality.
R1EJV3AT3NN9WV	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very good product. but I did not bring any screen saver as other tables
R2PKC7RID7DBIT	5.0	com I love this tablet thank you very much	0	0	hi from paul.dewolfe@aol.com I love this tablet thank you very much by
R2WNOEKKKJVJHS	5.0	Worth it!	0	0	great little tablet, perfect for travel rather than laptop or netbook
R2PYHAQYFTCD5I	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very good service and prompt delivery Good product... very happy
R1K8XD1PCA4O5M	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Tablet great: works like a charm, seller was prompt and cutious
R135362LIMJFQU	5.0	It is holding up great.	0	0	Bought for 4 year old and he uses it daily. It is holding up great.
RLWD5F2FGJ843	4.0	Good product. No complaints	0	0	It did exactly what I paid the $40 for. Good product. No complaints.
R2FAST8DFTD16X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I twin grandsons who are enjoying their new tablets keeps them busy.
R344ZFR7VF7048	1.0	Buyer beware!	0	0	Terrible! It doesn't work half the time, screen freezes up. Junk!
R9P45ALNDEBJS	5.0	easy to use	0	0	works great would purchase again if anything happened to this one
R1YENE8BFIF5ZL	5.0	what can I can say my son love this product	0	0	My My My............ what can I can say my son love this product.
RMNRDIM8H6L0S	5.0	Grandson loves it!	0	0	So far it's awesome according to my grandson! What a great deal.
R234JZ982IPSX5	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	the browser is a little slow but I think thats a memory problem.
R2TIJ15538DG9B	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good tablet. very accessible. great attention by the seller. thx
R2XEIXA5WDXNYC	2.0	Cheap tablet, decent for the money.	0	0	It's a $40 tablet...lol. Nothing amazing but good for the kids.
RBQHB0Y030XA7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good Tablet. Purchased for someone else, but she loves it.
R1Q673CA3EVVB	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Have only had this item for a week, but so far my son loves it.
R1YBETWYQKEQX1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Got it for my mother, she loves it & got hooked on candy crush
R2L4S6VWDEMYZW	1.0	One Star	0	0	Item does not support many games, does not support adobe flash
R28V9Z42Q60CPG	1.0	One Star	0	0	Product came in scratched on screen and was sold as a new unit
R3INMV9NN22MC3	1.0	One Star	0	0	it was broke when I got it and the camera don't even work
R3UKJCGI30O2CH	5.0	Alldaymall. kitkat	0	0	Awesome little devise. Fast charging. Good amount of storage.
RKKHX3BIIVJM5	4.0	good so far	0	0	it works, good so far, sometimes loses WI-FI; have to restart
R2V60A3BWYCDTA	1.0	One Star	0	0	Didn't work no instruction very disappointed bought as a gift
R15CX3OVEH498L	3.0	but other than that its great.	0	0	My front camera doesn't work, but other than that its great.
R2BFITKZY6TBGK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect for my 5-year old who wants her own "stuff!"
R10IIPCPD6WBYU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's a very good product my kids are really enjoying them .
R1SMC489U3XM9I	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	gracias
R303TIVSGE7PLP	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Like the tabletb but can't download Yahoo messenger at all
RYA3E077HQJWK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Bought this for my mother - she loves it - so I do too....
R3MITG0GQNUYRO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great for my 10 year old. Great value for the price.
R60OINES5H9SH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Bought this for 13 year old grandson. He loves it !!!!!!!
RGIR1NK0EQN7O	4.0	No problems at all!	0	0	Its a cool tablet mine worked fine and came right on time!
R3KCHC2ZGR3VM3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great for my 5 year old grandson. Delivery was very quick.
R2OK8F2WCN7I28	3.0	Okay	0	0	Its just okay for that price, nothing more, nothing less.
R3TD5DGHRUSB9T	1.0	One Star	0	0	they last 31 days one day pass return date broken no good
R8SBIY0MLBAMK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This is excellent, helps kids determine what to do next.
R32CQ66L550NAS	1.0	One Star	0	0	Touch pad is very slow to recover and it just plain slow
R3TYIF12HNPKX9	5.0	... is my 3rd purchase for my young nieces they love	0	0	this is my 3rd purchase for my young nieces they love it
R246D9UZP24Q64	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice!!! Its just what I wanted! Shipping was very quick!
R1CJ4RJ0SE1LQF	5.0	great price great item	0	0	grandkids love them. very fast shipping would buy again
R3Q0K0DGSCKYRA	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	The tablet is not holding a charge, I'm returning it after having it for only 2wks.
R16FDUPU2UZN2M	1.0	well I guess I get what I paid for but ...	0	0	well I guess I get what I paid for but I think it sucks
R1AQVJFSE7086W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	A fine tablet within the price range.
R1VNNE0M6R9MMO	1.0	One Star	0	0	Love the tablet but the power button is easy to break.
R1E01JUZ060NLU	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Not the greatest but didn't expect much for the price.
R334FOG09C0VE0	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Front camera not so good but you get what you pay for
R4A4SJ17NHY89	5.0	love it	0	0	Very pretty tablet for my daughter bday she love it!
RR0EISAOGAWZ3	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	It's a little slow for my taste however it work fine
RHKBUSPJZCNQS	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Very good tablet don't like the factor of low volume
RUTYX87ZALIDU	2.0	A88X7" Quad Core Google Android	0	0	after 2 weeks no sound I think this was a bad choice
R1EZFXNUY3C8O4	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I bought this for my six year old and she lives it.
R3AKRXP4H1SU9W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very popular with the kids our company works with!
R3A97SM8KUWOU3	1.0	One Star	0	0	Wast of money super slow and freeze and crash alot
RTBM613YCGUQG	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	my daughter loves it. cant put it down sometimes.
R185O6DEXPV907	1.0	One Star	0	0	This tablet is the worst tablet I've ever bought
R2BJK660KX0UG5	4.0	Not very user friendly	0	0	Still trying to get these set up, not easy use
R1DX28T4J5MZPA	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	i bought this for a gifted it was as described
RZL5O8BF5LUAE	4.0	Gift	0	0	A gift for a Grandson . He likes it...........
R28YHT6JJWXJSG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was a gift for my grandson and he loves it.
RR6LJ4G2OW7Q1	3.0	You get what you pay for	0	0	You get what you pay for. Very cheap screens.
R2MMDZ3WNJKIEX	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	The screen cracked in three days of having it
RUERTLG5WLFZ7	1.0	One Star	0	0	I REALLY EXPECT A LITTLE BETTER FOR THE PRICE
RDHXBLVIZWP2U	5.0	great tablet	0	0	Great tablet. A good tablet for perß9nal use
RF10FQQ6GQCHY	5.0	So far so good Buying another for a	0	0	So far so good Buying another for a gift
R2LAC780CC4XBH	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Not what I expected, not enough instructions.
RNSN69V9IIJKU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Super fast shipping . every thing I expected.
RYNP5F2ORTIHX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	i love this tablet the camera works great!!!!
R3K4H8HNZKNURH	5.0	Great	0	0	It works great did everything I needed it for
R375K05MMNX21C	4.0	Fit the bill	0	0	Just what my son was wanting. No complaints.
R1SWL3W6ELGRX8	1.0	One Star	0	0	Didn't really like this tablet to much at all
RVJKWNNUR9XAE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product! I've had no problems with it!
R112W3D600L06Z	5.0	Awesome	0	0	Awesome tablet for my daughter. She loves it
R29KVG7YPDGLUU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My son is going to love it for his birthday
R2XEXS7FHDLLPG	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	This is a great product for the price paid.
R1DCTAI6CN5QXS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great! No problems and a great price
R3TXO08Y33970V	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome, first tablet and its good for me.
R1PEVVQEWZYR4K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Got this for my daughter and she loves it.
R1SL7SON57YR8D	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Bought for my son. He absolutely loves it.
R1T3NGII8IMCL9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great item and the price was JUST RIGHT!!!
R1KKU920T9P594	5.0	o son and he love	0	0	I buy this for my 7 y.o son and he love it
R3GED90CK8BBUD	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Its a ok tablet jus needs a better camera
R1XVVGPYJX00LJ	4.0	I was skeptical, but it works amazingly!! ...	0	0	I was skeptical,but it works amazingly!!!
R31WY43WW18J84	1.0	One Star	0	0	I don't like the item, it spoil in 1week
R3EKPZ0NCAVMG3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product, really happy with it.
R3V228558KTWA1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I bought this for my wife. She loves it.
R3VG56HLGFYUUH	4.0	Kids love it	0	0	Kids love it and keeps them entertained.
R1WPGQVU0IF8NU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very satisfied with my recent purchase .
RQ0CMQRXIB1A5	5.0	great!!!!!!!	0	0	Can't beat it for the price nice tablet
R23HF4M2VAI8HG	1.0	One Star	2	3	Very bad, don't buy!!!
R30SPL5XQDGWJ6	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Was working fine then suddenly stopped
R3D5OV6D5UKWDG	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	keeps turning off when on face book ..
R24TRRJPRB01S0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It came on time and my son loves it 😊
R23H20X1W5X65J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very nice all i was looking for works.
R26SX7JZBKD6SB	5.0	Christmas Gift	0	0	I don't know it was a Christmas gift.
RSVDSKMF1SX5E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great for beginners, and great price.
RLPZN40LW7DJQ	4.0	Great Value	0	0	Great entertainment at a great price.
R2V0BRSROQE960	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The tablet was exactly as advertised.
RDTM32JAHXQWK	1.0	One Star	0	0	The charge part after only 2 months.
RV4Q4ROU5WFFM	5.0	very good product	0	0	My little brothers love this tablet.
RUTA910V7MX51	5.0	Great Android...	0	0	Love it!!! It's perfect in every way
RSAUHULUUFUFO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This Is awesome everything I needed
R22IQCFS62B8KC	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Serves the purpose for a 5 year old
R26LYUHRRASNJ6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My brother loves his birthday gift.
R3JSB86IT3H6M2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Good
R1I9DSJ86K2ZYZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I'ts a good product for its prize.
R1DLP43PWVD3AR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	After a reboot works like a charm.
R3S3P37QDDSEXT	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	better than the one i got off ebay
R2MFGAX48I4I9J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	We just got ours and we like them
R2EJFQ92T8M35M	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	It is slow but works pretty good.
R1P90HCEI72IZE	1.0	horrible product.	0	0	has no memory. horrible product.
R3B8EHLSEL2XGH	5.0	@sgerson91 Great, amazing	0	0	@sgerson91 Great, amazing,:)
R3LOZN9DHJRP6	5.0	they love	0	0	Gift for grand kids,they love it
RP8M4JC2ZMXQU	1.0	not good quality	0	0	The power button broke off easy!
R6LRNV8NU6EQ8	4.0	http: //payripo. com/?	0	0	http://payripo.com/?share=179958
R2NPM47F7DST80	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Pink always suits girls' taste!
R3IZ7FUTI5BE4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product, good seller!
R1FDKWBDO9Q4TY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My kids just loved it instantly
R2QUVR72TG908O	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It works great. My son loves it
RAY0NIFO4EI2C	5.0	love it	0	0	Love it...easy to setup and use
R14T4AFW7953CN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect for what I need it for.
RDJMKF28Q7A4Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Grandson loved it. Easy to use
RRX7ND8DSN0T0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent seller recommend 100%
RT1NKZ7GULIAH	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good tablet for a great price.
R1M4A9C0DLJZQ0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent Item works perfectly
R1A9B6SKEH0J8	1.0	stupid	0	0	Battery dies to fast I hate it
R9U76T8GIP3XN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This tablet is a great value and we love it. Our first one broke after about 3 months. The sound horn went out and when I write the comment asking fit a possible fix, they promptly sent us a new one. I am very pleased with this company and this tablet. Thank you!
R1DT3IY2E8B8W4	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	They are just right for kids..
RY6NJO98S8BYM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product. Great shipping
R1DT1M2W84C82G	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Cheap tablet for decent price
R1RQ2LS4BYYM2C	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Allday mall having blue tooth
R2YZR7Z3BED68B	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Nice tablet!! Good for kids!!
R1L64L3J4T9Z1I	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Great product for the money.
R3R16CX928Z0WN	5.0	Great product for the price.	0	0	Great product for the price.
R2666NKX5SHPQO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	just perfect for the Tablet.
R1RRVHT1W17LH2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect, just what we wanted
R21C3YS7CQ7886	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	This is a very good product.
RK3YH5VR6LCG4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good grandson LOVES it.
RWPUF2S720EV	4.0	... used it a few times and it was a good buy. ill use it more when we go ...	1	2	i have used it a few times and it was a good buy. ill use it more when we go on trips and have better time to use it. fast shipping
R2SLDHSOZJP5OV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My younger daughter love it
R1U15EADC2OP4Q	5.0	Awesome tablet	0	0	Works great my son loves it
R2HKRI4SRVGDYU	1.0	dissapointed	0	0	Weak with not enough memory
R1HAR6DM112256	3.0	middle of the road	0	0	does the job for the price.
R2VGANSSF6G6F0	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I love it delivered on time
R2G8MOGK35YJVD	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Just what I was looking for
R1OB7RV0B2UD83	1.0	One Star	0	0	Doesn't keep a charge long.
RVM7NAMXWNWSL	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Doesn't get wifi very well
R2NJ8EHLVFBUGU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	perfect my niece loved it!
R2YRUI5DHWOEJK	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	This product isnt so good.
R192G045C6X8AB	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	The product is excellent .
RUT9TN2GL8C9T	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Thank you I have recied it
R3LWZ02UZSEOFC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exactly what I expected .
R350MDMT4O4EVF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's a very good tablet.
R1YSG0X2268P9L	1.0	One Star	0	0	Did not connect internet
R1WH9PLZSVOOFZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very happy with product.
R2WOOJ9S5XG1HA	1.0	One Star	0	0	It doesn't work properly
RFN9HN2QV6AWI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Works great little small
RNCPQLWUHI2FX	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	it is very good and fast
R2YIEI40CN6XHY	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	It is just what I wanted
R3FC84YYOEU3SM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great price for product!
RQ7HGC1SB6IA6	1.0	One Star	0	0	It did not last a month
R1G27G7ACKPPDK	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Worked for 2 weeks only
R1TOB7QUYOXXVG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	all around great tablet
R1D2ANSY4LDWLT	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	It feels like the price
R397JD2FBLRNIE	5.0	very happy	0	0	Better than I expected.
R283DGLDHR0KV2	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Work very good for me!!
R2OU2XMWQ1RY9U	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	granddaughter loves it
R20QP941W76GBT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Just perfect thank you
R2QI2PFM71ZGH2	5.0	Just what want	0	0	More then nice love it
R10NI7XWP5DD51	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good for the low price
R39KEWE3WYO3HI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Battery dies to fast .
R3QH7W4J1UT8UZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very pleased thank you
R2JH7IYBUZQ96D	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product..!!!
R3DTUA9EXXY1V7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughter loves it!
R9DZ8M1Y7CL2J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it & great price
R3S1EMD0395HQU	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Overall a good tablet
R3GLKFIJ1K0F10	5.0	Excellent	0	0	It's a good tablet 👍
R28XQZP6645ARG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome little tablet
RQX1Z5H0YGZ2H	2.0	Broken	0	0	Cuts off all the time
R2VTAULCW3WECR	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	is ok, my sister like
R2AFCJAJWK9WE	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Look good works slow
R5ZXEUJNQ96ZF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughter loves it
RY1LQ9RK4V4UW	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	My daughter loves it
RTWRFMW4X80A3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good i like it!
R3GFM1JTVRWKLB	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great for that price
R294GILOZLT6PE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughter loves it
R35YQ8F8UUYEV0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good, excellent
R3HZW3CEPNUWW1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's a good tablet!
R3J61JTY3RZF8J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's really nice...
RWTZNI3NX3ZE2	1.0	One Star	0	0	broke when i got it
RR4MWP67JOZDO	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	great for the money
R27YLD95ZL2WYP	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great for grandson!
R1KMQIHMJL0FQ3	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I like that tablet
R1ZLR40THEWNRI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Yes it thanks again
R1HPVFKDT0L5ZC	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Great kids love it
R19LYBWREM4RCO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	ouldn't be better.
R1193M9BCZUCZ	1.0	One Star	0	0	NOT AT ALL USEFUL.
R3NY035DZ1UIYX	5.0	works as advertized	0	0	Will come in handy
R2SRB8ONL5XQ24	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Tums up. Excellent
R1ZD2BZED70N9J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Pretty cool so far
R2CVEEIMGPMBVC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	ok
R3EXJWZ2OT5EI6	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	ok
R1B65TETDIGIWL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it! Booya,,,
R1MQTW05G3WBX2	5.0	productive	0	0	daughter loves it
R21HWQCJ0HXFVJ	1.0	One Star	0	0	Worse tablet ever
R1ZLFXUBV8TLR8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The kids enjoy it
R2J14QZXE0IB7Y	1.0	One Star	0	0	Horrible product.
R1USVD7TYHN3PE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fast and on time!
R1PMMTZ8LSE3LR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	perfect very nice
R3SX8XLMAIBBNJ	3.0	Three Stars	1	2	Is there any way you can send me another tablet because it froze up on me
R2EXH22FHFJTLM	5.0	easy to use	0	0	Very good tablet
R3OPVZ37WYIRLI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	was very pleased
RVF1HDN080XD2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	muy buena tablet
R2NC18QWQ5L0DZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	AWESOME TABLET..
R1VLRQ253AY6VT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	my kid loves it
R2WXA0CJPQU8QP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very nice item.
R3AQ60L6URIMWP	5.0	this is so cool	0	0	i love. love it
R3T7TF2AB9S1LG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	work very good
R1108OMN7U85TD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great product!
R1MRTUHV4CVSFM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very nice deal
R5EHD8WNB6P67	1.0	Two Stars	0	0	I have already sent the item back, HORRIBLE
R1JZ4IEHWBNTH1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	boy very happy
R3VOCI91SDZEMB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	no complaints
RCHBONHXFR288	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Product
RVKFD3D0PXOOC	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	great product
R1TMMTLUMRE3KQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good product.
R6V2PNV8DYCFG	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Kids love it
RWB14MPM8RX26	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exelent!!!!!!
R1APNZYDTE4IH4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	buenissima...
R3OHRHN7LSP58N	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good purchase
R1SYWIJYEIHUWD	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Buen producto
R3F22DNNZZVGWB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Just loved it
RA7D60A39BL8Q	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	son loves it
R3LBJ6R4BZX9DZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very pleased
R2S61GDAQZTTTW	1.0	One Star	0	0	Poor quality
R3AJ6RNKVMV6OZ	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	good article
R7GIL84W75GU5	5.0	Tablet	0	0	Perfect gift
R2EOMJTEXISP3Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	son loves it
R1BFOAYF4FCE39	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great
R3CKPH7HQEZCMB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	as expected
RF9F9VB4FKE3Y	1.0	One Star	0	0	Bad quality
RAOW4859ZOP4M	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good tablet
R3E12YAVCAP0KW	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Work nicely
R1MFW5WE46ANX2	1.0	i would post pic of tablet after it fell a short distances it shattered to bits	0	0	Brakes easy
R1IKH5T18FO4CN	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Works great
R3LNQNE2QNM7WZ	1.0	One Star	0	0	Not working
R2A3SKJ3GMNF7V	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelent!!!
R21TJX7OSFPU5C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	works great
R35ORL3ATB66JM	1.0	trouble	0	0	Do not buy
R19F8P6MWFT2HT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works well
R2BJLAVM8PX4IK	1.0	One Star	0	0	Zero stars
RF7FD7SN6MH8V	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent!
R3C24WCXDVEEXA	5.0	Buy this	0	0	Very good
RI0FCBWHTE3BB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love #1
RZMBK2RX321J7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente
RMMKZNPQHZBIZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good one!
R3E4Z7NW6B05BI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Thank you
R3814HCXTJHBKL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Marvelous
RLGY7Y2ZSB8DW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1U3OCB584ZE1C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente
RV4X01CFTUVZ4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	muy buena
R27CXL1HJGRK67	1.0	Five Stars	0	0	It didn't even last 24 in use. I don't recommend this item to anyone. Waist of money
R2ODF0MP3XJLW7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R1YQ2NU70T8P2H	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente
R3FQRIZMU3ZD8Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I LOVE IT
R312AUKD1GDWSE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R2HIV0GT1L7FF4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXCELENTE
R1L60JBO7BHABV	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Excelente
R25U1ZRNGTRGNG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R2C6VHBQM6SY53	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelente
RXGXW5A4BDDWS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it
R3S8LRMMSKHNCE	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	excelente
R2PXLHQN8W8G0W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good
R3S437HFRIGTT7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good
R12K536WRX08NH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXCELENTE
R8TXAR3GB7MD3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good
RLB6LIBV6HMZO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exelent..
R2DOUQM6BWRVUV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	BUENISIMA
R1LQJBZH1A9B8D	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good
R27KRQ4YJD1ZK1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Genial...
R3FX7VBTZ5AIOM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	exelente
R1LG7I14C1H8A5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R2KIZR1GOBIG1E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXELENTE
R2EW9SLXVTLYUY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXELENTE
R2SNMSBCSESEOQ	1.0	One Star	0	0	No no no
RU434AM5D64TZ	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	Just ok.
R2X982M4MAIBLX	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	exelente
R3SYEEDHSZ5584	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	es buena
R3U0AOYI3SSE8G	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	exelente
R855EY7RKMGML	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelent
R18J54RV8NY1E1	1.0	Lesson learned.	0	1	Slipped off a low couch onto the floor and the screen broke not the glass but the visual. Couldn't do anything on it after. It's cheap for a reason. Lasted a week. Most definitely buy a super protective case for this tablet. I bought a higher quality one after it broke. Lesson learned.
R1ATQ861IXWRFU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome
R2ITLJ10YKUFGV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R1Z17I9N2OBGQ2	1.0	One Star	0	0	Not got
R1L2S6HPMXVHBJ	1.0	Screen broke within a month and theres no warranty	0	0	Garbage
R17JBGKODD41SN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Handy !
R39QMN17EP5P84	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it
R6PK5ZB4TF8GT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it
R23JGTYJQDPHN0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	gracias
R2G76N5H80I91P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	i loved
R3L6X69SD21X6E	1.0	sad today because I THOUGHT this product was a good ...	0	1	very low quality, many operating problems including charging, playing any game. does not allow my husband to play his ONE GAME he had on it. sad today because I THOUGHT this product was a good one. sad for him also. deb green
R2EC2VH3CURXFN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	On top
RL3AJLZNC8GQA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thanks
R1602WPP8ONMT0	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	Thanks
R2AFJ976JJQZ2M	1.0	One Star	0	0	It dud
R3NICIANHAB16X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thanks
RE8BIWJPA8TVR	1.0	One Star	0	0	Broken
R3F0BEQ1DLW8Q7	5.0	cant use it yet but im working on it I ...	0	1	cant use it yet but im working on it I asked amazon for a tutorial but no luck I got some apps on line via e mail but couldn't load it on the android , ill just have to get some kid to teach me how to use it..
RND34X8T0PM38	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great
R12X0KPWW3HP44	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great
R1G2Y0JTD5HCW2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Happy
R21YTARLQ7MY2F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	bueno
R192N5CZIVAZIP	1.0	... sto working ym responsible child was so carefull she love this tablet and for it to stop functioning out ...	0	1	out of no where the tablet sto working ym responsible child was so carefull she love this tablet and for it to stop functioning out of no where !!!! un exceptable please help!!!
R355J9KA0Q4KWQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	nice
R1Z1XW73FYER66	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	good
RN6DPXRIIWBNB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R263H2O3GY62KX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R2RR1U1V6ZKIGW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
RN3B9JGJX1C69	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
RVN5P54PX7EYV	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good
R2SD12NHYJLCW8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R3CEA8TDJMB632	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good
R32SRZIXOZAE71	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R978BW83RK49O	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice
R2G4HT14OQGNXQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R1QZARVHX5MJSN	5.0	Great Birthday gift!	0	1	Bought the tablet for our sons Birthday... He is beyond happy with the product. Hours of entertainment. Product is better than we expected.
R29XWPK80BF2KM	5.0	for my entertainment	0	1	Its a nice tablet, great for storing in books, games and movies, I use it for entertainment purposes. its perfect!
R3RZZQJWAJ4AIQ	3.0	Ok	0	1	Keep having problems connecting to wifi. Have to do a restart often. Other than that it works good.
R30NW9E7BSIWWX	5.0	Ordered for a friend. No issues. So I ...	0	1	Ordered for a friend. No issues. So I ordered a blue one for my son to replace a broken tablet.
R39CG0A06UZQCO	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	it felt down hit the floor and broke the screen it needs a replacement part
R2HPN5F3BJXKFH	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	+-
R32UMLEOU1H0OU	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	👍
RQBK24KK5L2XZ	1.0	One Star	0	1	tablet so bad that no longer lit month more, I recommend not to buy...
RS3UJCW7WT1RA	1.0	One Star	0	1	Not what i expected has no manual and no.area to put a sim card
R325H6EDCEG7G8	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	i got it for my 4 year old granddaughter and she loves it!!
R1FM70DTUDEAUA	4.0	not bad for a cheap	0	1	you get what you pay for, not bad for a cheap tablet
R2T2KAX22ZVECU	2.0	LONG WAIT TO FIND THE LOCATION OF THE PRODUCT THAT ...	1	3	LONG WAIT TO FIND THE LOCATION OF THE PRODUCT THAT THING IS NOT SO FAR, AND ME HAPPENS TO VARIOUS OF THEM ..
REGYVZ49E5KKP	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	the screen damage too easily
R27A8BDMT21H7H	1.0	One Star	0	1	returned it wouldnt work
R3GCKJJCLSJG2C	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	my item dose not work
RQTILLO61Q4AB	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Extremely pleased.
R2944107Z64Y98	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	My kids love them!
R28S4BIQTXRE1T	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Fantastic deal!
R3SETEGGHPQ3NQ	1.0	The resolution is terrible, the volume is not good	0	2	buyers beware, this brand is a piece of junk. The charging port stopped charging a week after buying it. The so called 800 number to their customer service is a joke! They never answer the phone and messages left are not returned! The resolution is terrible, the volume is not good, the high is medium high and the screen constantly freezes up. It was hard to get any apps downloaded and once you got them loaded, the tablet ran slower. bad experience and will never purchase one again.
R23M5F4N3KIU4G	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	So far so good
R1LKMRIWUHA2L1	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	So far so good
R2UO024T6UFI9T	1.0	Good Nights, estimated friends	0	2	Good Nights, estimated friends. I have just received the equipment (The Table) and it is totally damaged, does not ignite, the torn, grated screen, is secondhand. I do not recommend the product and less to the supplier. I realized the purchase for a time, and got it now for Liberty's collapse in Miami. Other equipments came perfectly. That I spent the time of claim, but of equal way I will return her. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE SUPPLIER.
R19XPARSQTJ6S2	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	works prefect
R2ZCB0C35RW8F9	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great product
R3RWGTU9U05SRR	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	kids love it
R271MP47T8RUZK	1.0	One Star	0	1	dim picture
RXW96FD9IP6CX	1.0	One Star	0	1	I hated it
R2E7ZS3Y40PROQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	excelente
R9TFJ1Y4N2QBA	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Very good
R13KC9KRW3XMGJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	EXCELLENT
R2L0OHIISZPD54	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	EXCELENTE
R3GFUW4YCT2CNK	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Gracias!
RX6TD183JCSRQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	AWESOME
R2XV9Z46RJIYI1	1.0	One Star	1	3	Got it broken
R2SMWMQM6V2OIM	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Good
R2OYHCKAS10555	3.0	Three Stars	0	1	none
RGJ1C3DO73L6L	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	bieb
R1CG4E5R1PAN18	1.0	Don't waste your money.	0	2	Not a good tablet. It takes forever to download apps and just doesn't run very well.
R324YK44YV6C5U	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	ok
R1DPTJMY4RNU1F	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Brought for granddaughter. She 5 yes old.
R259LTA0IHDP9Q	1.0	One Star	0	2	its ok tabelt
R1VBTO17KCYIAD	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	excelent
