R20RCCGUA0WCSO	5.0	Impossibly thin, incredibly fast and beautifully designed. But is it the best iPad for you?	492	506	The iPad mini is probably the best small tablet computer on the market today - it's certainly the most popular. It's the top selling tablet computer on Amazon, and still an incredible device. This is a review of the iPad Mini 3 released October 2014, but is it worth the money? About this review ----------------------- OK. First a disclosure. I love the iPad range, and this review aims to explain why. There's lots to say, so I've broken it up into sections to make it manageable, (just skip the bits you don't need). Hopefully it will answer your questions, and by the end you'll have decided if it's worth the money, and perhaps which model you should buy. What's new about the iPad Mini 3? ---------------------------------------------- Sad to say, not a lot. Same beautiful design, incredibly fast A7 processor and 1GB of memory as the previous model - the "iPad Mini 2" (confusingly also known as "iPad Mini with Retina Display"). It still has the amazing 326 pixels per inch (ppi) retina (2048×1536) screen, and is still a great device to read books, watch films and play games on. I say this, not to sell the device, but to soften the blow. In short, it's disappointing the only difference between this and the previous mini is the "Touch ID" fingerprint sensor which means you can unlock it with your fingerprint, and potentially avoid using passwords. As I write this review (November 1st 2014), this device costs $100 more than the previous model on the Apple web site. I love the iPad, but that's an awful lot of money to pay for a fingerprint reader. Having said that, the iPad Mini (2nd Generation) is still for sale, and at a great discount here on Amazon or from Apple. Alternatively you could buy the iPad Air or Air 2. The same (or faster) device, with a bigger screen. The remainder of this review describes the entire iPad range to help you to decide. I hope you find it useful. FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions ========================== Q: Can I run all iPad Apps on this one A: Yes. Every App available for the full size iPad (or iPhone) will run on this device. Q: I want a "Mini" - Which model should I buy? A: If you've got money to burn and you hate passwords, this one - the iPad Mini 3. Otherwise search Amazon for "iPad Mini 2". Same device (except "Touch ID") for a lot less money. Q: Is this covered by Warranty ? A: Yes. Full 12 month Apple warranty, and 90 days free technical support. You can also extend the warranty with "AppleCare+" for $100 a year provided to take out the cover within 60 days of buying your iPad. This includes accidental damage insurance (up to two incidents per year subject to a $49 excess). Q: Why are these cheaper on Amazon than at the Apple store? What's the catch? A: No catch. You can buy in person from the Apple store (including free engraving), or from your local tech store. Alternatively buy from Amazon with a 30 day NO QUESTIONS ASKED return policy. If you find this item is NOT as described, (eg. is not the right model), return it immediately, report the issue to Amazon, and write a critical review. Q: Should I buy the Cellular option? A: Read "Which model should I buy" below. You almost certainly don't "need" to - as ever it always depends. Many iPads never leave home, and even when they do you can store your videos/music on the device or connect to a coffee bar hotspot to get online. If you have a smartphone (eg. Android or iPhone) you can set up a "personal hot spot" or "tethering" and use your data plan on your phone. This effectively allows you to connect a WIFI only iPad to the internet via your mobile phone while you're out and about. On an Android phone go to Setup --> Tethering & portable hotspot. On on iPhone go to Settings --> Personal Hotspot, and set up a personal WIFI network from your phone. Try it now, but be aware it may be an optional extra dependent upon your mobile phone plan. Q: Is this the latest iPad? A: Yes. (Provided your reading this before October 2015). Launched 16th October 2014. Likely to be superseded October 2015. Q: How much storage aka "disk space" do I need? A: It depends. If intend to buy lots of Apps or store lots of videos and photos then go for the 64Gb or 128Gb is you need. If it's your first iPad, and you'll mainly be using it for accessing web pages and reading the odd book, then 16Gb will be fine. Be aware, you cannot increase the storaage - you can't add an SD card. Q: Is it easy to set up? A: Yes - very easy. Be sure to be near a WIFI connection, and the iPad will carefully take you through the steps needed to set it up. No, there's very little in the way of an instruction manual - which is a testament to the simplicity of this device. It's so easy to use most people find they don't need one. However, there are lots of books available on Amazon. Just search for "iPad" under books if you're concerned. Q: Does it have a USB connection? A: No. This means you can't connect just any old device, but also means you can't accidentally get a virus. To help support this, all Apps (programs) are available "over the air" (downloaded from the Apple App Store) and vetted by Apple. You can buy a cable which means you can plug in an SD Card to download photos. Search Amazon for "lightning to sd card reader" to find these. Apple provide a free back-up service for upto 5Gb of data (or 20Gb for 79p per month). Just plug in your iPad to re-charge, and it will automatically be backed up to the Apple servers (the "cloud"). Q: Do I need a computer? A: No. All you really need is a WIFI connection. Whether an iPad could replace your laptop is another question. You can type (and print) letters, read eMails, view web pages, view photos or watch videos and listen to music on an iPad. You can even attach an external keyboard and type entire documents (this review was partly written on an iPad Air on a train). You can run MS Office or use the free Apple versions (Pages and Numbers). Personally, I find I use my iPad 90% of the time, only using a laptop to connect to the office. Whether you can get by with only an iPad is your decision based upon your needs. Q: Does it run Microsoft Office? A: Yes. Free for read only Word, Excel etc. Costs $69 a year for a single licence, $99 for 5 PCs or Macs plus 5 iPads. Q: Can I print from the iPad? A: Yes. Provided your running a relatively modern printer with a WIFI connection you can. Q: Can I read books, watch films and listen to music on an iPad? A: Yes. That's what I use it for most of the time. Kindle or Apple books work beautifully. You can rent/buy films from Apple, Amazon and lots of others. You can watch catch up TV services. You can load your music (MP3 files) on an existing computer to iTunes and sync them with the iPad or stream unlimited music from music sites including Spotify. Finally, you can stream video to your TV using a set-top box from Apple (TV), Amazon (Fire) or Google (Chromecast) Q: Do you work for Apple or Amazon? A: A fair question that nobody has yet been brave enough to ask. No. Neither. I love the iPad, and I'm a great fan of Amazon's customer service. Fantastic technology and great service at a terrific price. What's not to get excited about? ;-) Which model should I buy? ==================== Skip this section if your familiar with the range, otherwise read on. Firstly, there's a confusing number of options available including the iPad 3rd or 4th generation, iPad Air, Air 2, Mini, Mini 2 and 3. We then have WIFI and Cellular options, all with different size storage. Bare with me, and I'll take you through them. Which model - Full size iPad or Mini? ------------------------------------------------ The "full size" iPad is slightly smaller than an A4 pad of paper whereas the Mini is more the size of an incredibly thin paperback book (comparable in fact to the Amazon Kindle). Both iPads have a colour touch sensitive screen, and largely the same functionality, although the iPad Air 2 is now faster than it's smaller "mini" equivalent. In short, the main difference is physical screen size. If you plan to read books or watch video standing on train or bus, the mini is your best option. If you want the bigger screen (or perhaps faster iPad Air 2 procesor), then the full size iPad is the best option. What's the storage options? ------------------------------------ Storage (for Apps, photos or videos) start at 16g which is fine if you plan to surf the web, read books or stream video. Personally I used a 16g iPad every day for four years - it's a lot more space than many people will need. If however you intend to save lots of films or photos, then you're better off with the larger storage options. Be aware once bought, you can't add storage, so choose carefully. Be aware, Apple have limited the storage sizes available for the "Mini" range (although you might find some old stock available on Amazon). * iPad Mini - is available in 16g only * iPad Mini 2 is available in 16 or 32g * iPad Mini 3 is available in 16, 64 or 128g storage Personally, I'd take a cue from Apple sizing:- * 16g if you're a first time iPad user or are unlikely to store lots of top-end games or video. * 64g if it's for a teenager or you plan to store lots. * 128g if you've got really deep pockets. Either way, if you're going to buy a Mini tablet, I'd recommend the 2 or 3. WIFI or Cellular? --------------------- Firstly all iPads include a WIFI connection. You can pay extra for a "cellular" option which means you can (for an additional monthly fee) buy a data subscription from a mobile phone network, and use your iPad to surf the web when you're out an about. If however like me you have a smartphone (Android or iPhone it doesn't matter) then navigate to Settings --> Personal Hotspot and set up a password. This means you can create a "Personal Hotspot" using your smartphone data subscription. Also known as "tethering", you can then connect your WIFI only iPad to the web, and off you go. Personally, I use this every day on the train and it's just brilliant. Just as fast as a cellular iPad, but more flexible (two people can share the connection), and cheaper too. Just check your mobile contract supports tethering, and includes enough of a data allowance. Otherwise you'll run up a huge bill as you'll find your iPad uses data faster than than your smartphone. Should I upgrade? ============== A personal choice, so I've summarised the key differences below. Each iPad is slightly better, although each upgrade can appear a relatively small change, and you need to compare the "full size" and "mini" iPads separately. * iPad Mini: The upgrade from iPad Mini 1 to 2 was to an incredible screen and faster processor. The upgrade to Mini 3 adds only the "Touch ID" fingerprint reader, and it's questionable whether it's worth paying for. * Full size: I'd upgrade anything up to and including the iPad 4th generation without question. The Air and Air 2 are now up to twice as fast, 33% lighter and 1/3rd thinner than the 2nd, 3rd or 4th generation device. If you already have an iPad Air it's less clear cut, and probably not worth upgrading. The iPad Mini Range:- iPad Mini 1 (Launched November 2012) ----------------------------------------------------- * Very first iPad mini is like an incredibly thin paperback book. Beautiful colour screen, but now a bit slow and now dated. * 1Ghz A5 processor - same as the iPad 2nd generation launched in March 2011. Weight 310g. 7mm thin. * 1024x768 (Non-retina) screen at 163ppi (pixels per inch). Good but not brilliant * 1.2MP front facing camera (720p video) and 5MP still and HD Video camera. iPad Mini 2 (Launched October 2013) --------------------------------------------------- * Incredible screen improvement at double the pixels per inch (ppi). Faster processor and quad core graphics. Stunning! * Improved A7 processor and motion co-processor with double the memory. Much faster than the previous device * Retina display (2048×1536) is just amazing. Absolutely pin sharp screen at 326ppi it's even better than the iPad Air at 264ppi * Storage options include 16, 32, 64 and 128g. Weight 330g. 7mm thin. iPad Mini 3 (Launched October 2014) -------------------------------------------------- * Almost no improvement. Same processor, screen and camera. Only the Touch ID fingerprint sensor added. * Nothing more to say here, and certainly not worth the upgrade from iPad Mini 2. Available in silver, grey and gold. I'd even go as far as to say the iPad Mini 2 is much better value for money. The "full size" iPad range:- iPad (1st Generation - Launched April 2010) ------------------------------------------------------------ * 1Ghz A4 processor with 256Mb memory and storage at 16 to 64Gb. Weighs 680g. 13.4mm thin. * 1024×768 screen, but no front or rear facing camera. * The "Classic" iPad. Now a collectors piece - but still great to surf the web iPad 2 (2nd Generation - Launched March 2011) ---------------------------------------------------------------- * Faster, lighter and 33% thinner than the first generation. A huge leap in performance and size. * Upgraded dual core (2 processor) A5 CPU and 512Mb memory - a faster device. Weighs 601g. Just 9mm thin. * Now includes a front and rear facing camera. * Great device, but you'll see a massive difference if you upgrade iPad 3 (3rd Generation - Launched March 2012) ---------------------------------------------------------------- * A significant upgrade. Faster with the incredible "retina" (2048×1536) sharp screen. * Uprated A5X CPU and quad core graphics and 1Gb memory - faster again. Weighs 650g. Still 9mm thin * Huge screen improvement to 2048×1536 pixels at 264 ppi. Incredibly sharp and clear * Upgraded cameras. 1080P (front) and 5MP (rear facing) * The last iPad to use the wide (30 Pin) connector. My wife still uses hers daily for web surfing (Oct 2014) iPad 4 (4th Generation - Launched October 2012 - just 7 months later) --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- * Quite a small upgrade from the previous generation. Again you'd see a huge difference upgrading to the latest device * Guess what? Upgraded dual core A6X processor. A faster device, with the launch date moved to catch the Christmas buying period. Weighs 650g. 9mm thin. * Upgraded front facing camera (1.2MP still and 720P video) * First iPad to use the smaller narrow (Lightning) connector. iPad Air (Launched Oct 2013) --------------------------------------- * Amazing upgrade. Twice as fast, nearly 17% thinner and shedding almost a 1/3 of the weight of the predecessor. It's an incredible device. * Blisteringly fast 64 bit A7 processor with faster memory, and a motion co-processor. Weighs 469g. (28% Lighter) and now only 7.5 mm thin. * New iPads now come with a free licence for Pages, Numbers, Keynote (Apple's version of Word, Excel and Powerpoint). Plus Garage Band, iPhoto and iMovie. iPad Air 2 (aka iPad 6 - Launched October 2014) ----------------------------------------------------------------- * Another incredible upgrade. Now 1/3rd lighter and thinner than the iPad 4 launched just 2 years ago. * A8X Processor (faster variation on the A8 fitted to the iPhone 6) with M8 motion co-processor. Weighs 437g and only 6.1mm (18% thinner). * Touch ID fingerprint sensor (the first iPad Air to have this). Means you can effectively avoid using passwords * Improved screen now includes an "antireflective" coating. * Improved 8MP rear facing camera (3264×2448) with 10 frames per second "burst" mode and slow motion. Front facing camera has improved f/2.2 aperture. * Lock/silent switch has been removed (to save space), but you can mute your iPad by swiping up the "Control Centre" * Battery is slightly smaller (7,340mAh) compared to the previous model, but the same 10 hour battery life * WIFI now supports new "ac" standard and is dual channel 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz. Also built in barometer. * Storage options are now Small, Medium and Large. 16g, 64g or 128g. * Available in Space Grey, Silver/White and Gold. Accessories - What else will I need ? =========================== All you "need" is a WIFI connection - you don't even need a computer. However, there's a number of additional accessories/devices you could buy with your iPad, and it's worth doing a search on Amazon. These include:- * An iPad cover or case - to prevent it getting scratched (definately worth buying). You can even get "Child Proof" cases - a must have for parents with toddlers. * A wireless bluetooth speaker - to listen to music. A MUST HAVE for anyone who loves music. Sound quality incredible, and will also work with your smartphone or laptop. * A "power bank" - as an emergency battery back-up. Also great for your smartphone - never run out of battery again. * A separate keyboard - to turn your iPad into a virtual laptop. (I use mine every day on the train instead of a bulky laptop). * An Apple TV, Google Chrome or Amazon Fire TV. Means you can stream photos/video from your iPad to your TV. Most people (me included) buy a cover (or case) to avoid scratches and bumps. Effectively you have two options:- * Attached to the iPad by magnets, the "cover" protects only the screen from dirt or scratches * A "case" encloses the entire device protecting back and screen. You can also buy "child proof" cases. Both types automatically shut down the iPad when you close the lid (a lovely touch). You can pay £35-£65 for an admittedly top quality cover from Apple, alternatively buy one on Amazon for about £10-£30. The highest rated covers (by customer rating) seem to be produced by "Swees", "Mofred" and "EasyAcc". Just be careful to buy one that fits your device. You'll find your existing "cover" (screen only) will fit almost any iPad (2nd generation to Air 2), but you'll need to be careful to buy the correct "case" as the iPad Air and Air 2 are each thinner than previous models. A "Bluetooth Speaker" is a fantastic way to listen to music or the radio streamed from your iPad or Smartphone, and sound quality is astonishingly good. The best devices I've tested and reviewed at every price point are:- * $30 - Lepow Modre - Really cute design, bright colours and impressive sound for the money. * $50-$100. Sorry. Only speakers I'd recommend in this range are from a small UK based company "Audio Dynamix". They do plan to launch in the USA in 2015. * $150 - Soundblaster Roar - Fantastic design with tons of features and a great sound * $200 - Bose Soundlink Mini - Beautifully stylish with a warm and full room filling sound * $300 - Bose Soundlink V3 - Simple but stylish design with an incredible sound stage * $500 - Bowers & Wilkins A5 - Mercedes top end HI FI in a bluetooth speaker * $800 - Bowers & Wilkins A7 - Mercedes S Class. Absolute top end HI FI quality at a price to match All of these are available on Amazon. Just "mouse over" the stars for these speakers. You'll find in each case 90% of customers rated them at FIVE STARS. An incredible achievement. These really are the best speakers in their class as of October 2014. You can also buy a separate keyboard which turns your full size iPad into a virtual laptop computer. Again there's lots of options - the best I've tried, tested and reviewed are:- * Zagg - a top quality "full" keyboard. Some models even have "back-lit" keys - great for sitting in bed late at night * Logitec Ultrathin - a top quality "half depth" keyboard, but a pleasure to use * Hoo Too - a budget version of the "Logitec Ultrathin". Great functional keyboard Again, take care to buy the keyboard which fits your particular iPad model. Many people buy a "Power Bank" - effectively an external battery to charge your iPad or smartphone. Great for emergency power, there's hundreds available, with the better designed models from a company called "Lepow". Just search Amazon, and read the reviews. How about Apps? ============= Firstly, an App, is a small "application" (a program) that runs on your iPad, and there's literally thousands available from the "App Store", with the most important ones (web browser, mail, music player, word processor, spreadsheet etc) are pre-installed or free to download. Many apps cost $1, and loads are free (frequently advertising funded with the option to "add on" stuff - but beware you can run up a huge bill). Here's my favourites:- * Mailbox. Incredibly slick mail app (or use the built in Apple App) (Free) * Photo & iPhoto. Built in apps to take/view/edit photos (Free) * Skype or Apple Face Time. Chat to the family for free using a video call (Free) * Netflix. For $6 a month watch a huge collection of films online. (Free) * Evernote. Write and organise notes. Edit them on your Android, iPhone, iPad, PC or Mac (Free) * DropBox. Access your files, documents and photos on Android, iPhone, iPad, PC or Mac. (Free) * Tune In Radio. Listen to 1,000s of radio stations world-wide - or listen to Radio 4 like I do (£2.40) * Spotify. Stream music for $5 a month (or free with ads). Brilliant! (Free) * eBay. Buy and sell your stuff online. (Free) * Garage Sale. Fantastic way to produce professional looking sales on eBay. * Rightmove. Search for your next Flat or House or just gape at daft prices (Free) * Zite. Online web magazine that learns what you like. Terrific! (Free) * Movies by Flixter. Read reviews of films on cinema and DVD. (Free) * Kindle. Read your books from Amazon Kindle bookstore. (Free) * QuickOffice. Edit Word, Excel and Powerpoint documents (Free) * Pages, Numbers and Keynote. Apple's version of MS Office. Edit/save documents in Word, Excel andPowerpoint format. (Free) * MS Office. Yearly subscription for 5 PCs, Macs or an iPad or "read only" for free. (Free) Of course you could also use it to read web pages, or playing amazing games like "Real Racing" (Free) or "Cut the Rope" ($1). It's a wonderful surprise having come from a PC background to find the most expensive game in the top 100 cost $10 and most cost $3 or less. Personally, I tend to use it for Mail, watching TV (Netflix or Amazon Instant), or shopping using the built in browser - Safari. Having said that, I'm writing this review (using an external keyboard) on the free Apple word processing App, Pages - so it can (with a stretch) do "most" of what you can do on a PC or Mac. Overall Opinion ============ It's hard to believe the first iPad was first launched in 2010, and there's a huge raft of cheaper tablet computers to choose from, but the Apple iPad (or mini) are still the ones to beat. As "Expert Reviews" Magazine said: "Now at a new lower price, the iPad Mini 2 is the best value iPad in the entire range". Personally, I think, if you're in the market for a tablet computer, the very best options are:- * Small Size: iPad Mini 2. Same blisteringly fast processor and incredible screen as the iPad Air, but with even more pixels per inch. Perhaps the iPad Mini 3 if you're feeling really flushed or need the fingerprint reader. * Full Size: iPad Air or iPad Air 2. At more than twice the speed and over 30% thinner and lighter than the iPad 4 (released just two years before), both these devices are incredible. Now it's just a matter of how much you want to spend. Yes, there are cheaper Android based alternatives, but the quality, design and beauty of these tablets just set them apart. If they were a car they'd be a top of the range Mercedes, BMW or Porsche. I do hope this review was useful. As you can see I'm a life-long fan of the iPad.
R1IRA4AUBUAAZV	5.0	Buy a 2013 iPad Mini 2 instead	284	294	If you're thinking about buying an iPad Mini, you should strongly consider buying last year's model (the 2013 iPad Mini 2, formerly called iPad Mini with Retina Display) instead of the iPad Mini 3 that came out in Fall 2014. They are almost identical: EXACT same processor, EXACT same display, EXACT same battery life, EXACT same hardware and dimensions, and they run all the same apps EQUALLY well. The only thing you get with a 2014 Mini 3 that was not on the 2013 Mini 2 is the fingerprint sensor (and a new color option: white front with gold back). This fingerprint sensor is the same one that's on the iPhone 5S and later models. It has limited usefulness on the iPad; it's more useful on phones, since more and more transactions will be done using phones instead of actual credit cards. So, if the Mini 3 and the Mini 2 are virtually identical, why buy the 2? Because it's cheaper. Apple still sells the 2 for $100 less than a comparably configured 3. But you can save even more than $100 if you shop around, because many retailers are clearancing their inventory of last year's Mini 2. Two weeks ago, I found a Mini 2 with cellular and 64gb at B.B. for $150 less than a comparably configured Mini 3. I bought two--one for myself and one for a family member for Christmas. Unless you really want the fingerprint sensor or the new white/gold color combo, skip the Mini 3 and save yourself $100 or more by purchasing a Mini 2 instead. *** iPad Mini compared to iPad Air *** I bought an iPad Air when it came out in Fall 2013 and love it. It's extremely fast and the thin/light form factor is amazing, especially compared to earlier full-sized iPads. I know the 2014 iPad Air 2 is even better in some ways: a bit thinner, a faster processor, better cameras, and a new display that according to iLounge is slightly improved. But the 2013 iPad Air is so great that this is the first time I've not felt compelled to upgrade. The iPad Mini 2 (formerly called "iPad Mini with Retina Display") came out last year about the same time as the iPad Air. Unlike the original iPad Mini from 2012, the 2013 Mini 2 is not a crippled iPad; it is virtually as powerful as the 2013 Air. It's essentially a 2013 iPad Air in a smaller package. While the Air is amazingly thin and light for a 10" tablet, the Mini 2 is noticeably smaller and lighter, which makes it easier to hold in one hand for long periods of time and also much easier to travel with. There are times when the Air's larger screen is important--for example if I'm reading a textbook or a large-format magazine on the device, or editing a giant Excel spreadsheet. But most of the time, I'm equally happy with the Mini's 8" Retina display. The Mini 2 runs processor-intensive games and apps virtually as well as the Air, which is to say very well indeed. *** iPad Mini compared to Android and Amazon tablets *** It's true, you can get a 7" or 8" tablet for less money than an iPad Mini. Amazon's own 7" Kindle Fire HDX is very good and much less expensive, as are some Android tablets. A good Android tablet can do most everything an iPad can do, or even more. While each operating system has its loyal fans, in fact Android and iOS are both very good and, at this point, very mature operating systems with a large catalog of apps. Android OS is much more customizable than Apple's iOS, which is important to many Android fans. I kind of don't recommend Amazon's own Fire tablets. They are essentially Android tablets with some of the Android features stripped away in order to keep Amazon content in front of the customer. If that doesn't bother you, Amazon Fire tables are very good and affordable, so they are worth your consideration. I am fortunate that I can afford to spend more to get the device I really want. And to me, it's worth paying more for Apple devices. I prefer iOS to Android and I like the hardware Apple uses and the build quality of iPads. But others prefer Android devices and I can't tell you my opinion is more valid than theirs. If you decide to buy an iPad, you almost certainly will be happy with your purchase. iPads have a very high owner satisfaction rate and a very low defect rate. Apple customer service is absolutely excellent. The hardware and software are great. The only remaining decision you have is: which iPad? For me, the iPad Mini 2 is the best choice for the reasons I gave above. It's very powerful and fast, the Retina display is great, the 8" size is light and super convenient, and best of all it's much cheaper than the new Mini 3 despite being virtually the same.
R1SIH64S1GN83G	5.0	iPad Mini 3 reviews and comparison against other apple ipads models	173	178	The iPad mini offers you a great option that currently sits between the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPad Air 2 in terms of screen size. This makes it more portable and easier to hold than the Air 2 but gives you more screen real estate than the 6 Plus. The one key downfall is that it has the slowest processor of the 3. However that’s not to say that the A7 processor on the Mini 3 is a slouch. For all intents and purposes, in everyday use, the A7 should fulfill all your tablet computing needs effortlessly. Having used it myself for the last couple weeks, I don’t find myself grinding my teeth due to performance. New features added to the Mini 3 are a fingerprint scanner and a new gold color option. While the new color option is purely aesthetic and a matter of personal taste, the finger print scanner offers some real functional enhancement. It makes securing and unlocking the device so much easier. Unlike a passcode, your kids can’t just find out what it is and start making in app purchases. And with the new Apple Pay feature, your purchases will be that much more secure. Of course if you don’t really take your iPad out much and no one else has any access to it, this may not be as important. That’s not to say there won’t be future utilizations of this technology that you may want to use. But in its current state, its purpose is limited. Since the iPad doesn’t have an NFC chip, you won’t be able to use Apple Pay to pay for items in a brick and mortar store using your iPad Mini 3. So, it’s not necessarily the form factor or the feature of the Mini 3 that holds it back. It’s the value proposition it offers in relationship to the other iPad configurations currently available. As mentioned, the only new features of the iPad 3 are a fingerprint scanner and a gold color option. If those are not on your list of must-haves, there are other options within the iPad family you should consider, especially because the privilege of having those 2 new feature options cost $100. That’s right, because the exact same tablet without the finger print scanner is available in white or space grey for $100 less and it’s called the iPad Mini 2. It’s still fully supported by Apple as a current product and it can still run the latest IOS. So, let’s explore all your options. The iPad Mini 3 starting at $399 gets you the finger print scanner and the option to get it in gold. The iPad Mini 2 starting at $299 gets you the same processor, support, warranty, screen resolution, and OS, just no finger print scanner and only 2 available color options. The iPad Air for the same price of $399 gives you everything the Mini 2 and 3 has except for the fingerprint scanner or gold color option but you get a bigger 9.7” screen. The iPad Air 2 for $100 more gets you a larger, higher resolution 9.7” screen, a faster processor, thinner body, faster Wifi and you also still get the Finger Print Scanner and gold color option. So using the iPad Mini 2 as a base, here is a layout of the options you get and how much more you would pay for these options. $299 base price gets you: • 7.9” Retina display • A7 Chip w/ 64-bit architecture • IOS 8 • 5 MP Camera $50 more gets you: (iPad Mini 2 w/ 32GB) • 32GB of memory vs. 16GB $100 more gets you either: (iPad Air 1) • Larger 9.7” Retina display with same resolution Or (iPad Mini 3) • Fingerprint scanner • Gold color option $150 gets you: (iPad Air 1 w/ 32GB) • 32GB of memory • Larger 9.7” Retina screen $200 gets you either: (iPad Mini 3 w/ 64GB) • Fingerprint scanner • Gold color option • 64 GB of memory (iPad Mini 3 w/ 64GB) Or (iPad Air 2) • Faster A8X chip with 64-bit processor and M8 Motion coprocessor • Improved 8MP iSight Camera • Larger 9.7”, higher 2048 x 1536 pixel resolution retina display • Faster Wifi • Fingerprint scanner • gold color option It’s easy to see why many professional reviewers are saying skip the iPad Mini 3 and get either the Mini 2 or the Air 2. But why did Apple do it this way? Personally, I think Apple learned something when they created the Mini 2. Prior to that model, the Original Mini was based on the specs of the older iPad 2 (not Air) which created a feature gap between that model and their flagship model at the time, the iPad 4. They sold it for $100 cheaper but it was a step down model so people who really wanted a flagship would have to pay the extra $100. When they produced the Mini 2, they gave it all the features of the new flagship, the iPad Air, essentially creating 2 flagship models, with one just being $100 cheaper for a more compact screen. This probably cannibalized sales for the iPad Air. Many reviewers at the time were saying, just buy the Mini 2 and save yourself $100. But now that they’ve reintroduced the feature gap between the flagship, iPad Air 2 and the new iPad Mini 3, those who were on the fence about form factor but wanted the best features would be more inclined to purchase the more expensive iPad Air 2. In conclusion, it’s up to you whether the value proposition offered by the finger print scanner is worth $100 or if the extra money would be better spent on other features. If you want to have it all, the iPad Air 2 is the way to go. If you can sacrifice the finger print scanner and gold color, then the Mini 2 seems like it would be a better value. Mine will be going back to the store shortly, now that I’m comfortable knowing that I’ll probably happier using the iPad Air 2. I might however, trade it in for the Mini 2 so that my family will have a current iPad around to use. One nice thing about the Mini 2 and 3 being the same is that if I do trade it in, I can keep the case I ordered online for the Mini 3 and use it for the Mini 2.
R7V2V8LLPITAV	1.0	Defective. Used for 20 minutes	35	37	I opened my iPad and noticed the back was dented. I turn it on and go thought the set up. Create an apple ID, set up my email, and notice the screen seems to have lines in it. I turn it off and turn it back on and it's freezing and the screen is shaking. What the heck,? Returning and purchasing from Apple instead.
R1HCE1GTSB9RCK	1.0	One Star	31	38	Screen damaged and I have to pay for shipping back because I am in Canada.
R119R31CPM48ZM	3.0	Didn't look like a NEW and unused product	8	8	The time of delivery was fast. The product was as I ordered it. However, it actually looked like it was used because the box was marked up, with dents on the sides of the box. When I opened it and looked at the ipad, the plastic protective sheets on the ipad looked all dirty and sticky. It looks like it was used and returned. It seems to work fine right now, but I am disappointed in its presentation as NEW because this was a gift. I was embarrassed to say the least1
RPPC62MNVN18Y	5.0	The gold iPad mini 3 is a clear winner	7	7	I just gave my iPad Mini to my husband (first version) and got this gold one for myself as an upgrade. I loved my first mini and presently my husband is watching a movie on it as I write this. He loves his "hand me down." This new gold one is out of this world though. I am an artist so the visual clarity and beauty in this newest version is beyond compare. It is just breathtaking. I have two regular iPads (versions one and two) plus a Mac Air. I love the Mac Air and almost found the regular iPad too close to the Mac Air (I got the Mac Air after the iPads). The Mac Air with the iPad Mini, newest version, is the best combo. There are simply things I cannot do on an iPad that I need the Mac Air for. For example, I do a lot of complicated things in Keynote and Pixelmator. The iPads have their own great versions of those programs but when I need to do something complex, only the Air will do. So when I want to relax with something truly light, portable, fits in my purse, or even in a holder around my neck, I switch to my mini. Those two cover everything I do. I still use my other iPads but not as much. It is the perfect size for doctor's offices, hospitals, restaurants, rec centers, coffee shops, for showing friends things, and so forth. So this is now my top recommendation. Get a Mac Air and an iPad Mini. I originally for the first mini got only the 16G. For this newest version I got the 128GB as I don't want to be bothered with worrying if I have enough room left on it. I only get the WiFi enabled because everywhere I go has WiFi. I also got the Apple warranty. I only have one cautionary note. Apple will no longer let you use someone else's connectors. So you must continually get all your cords and chargers from Apple or you'll get an annoying sign that says it is not Apple compliant. On every Apple product I've owned, these cords do not hold up. It has now gotten to the point that my husband has decided he is duct taping them industrially from the moment they first come in the house. I finally agreed with him today as my Mac Air cord split. These cords are not cheap either. That is my only criticism of Apple. It makes terrible cords for all of its products. So go out and buy yourself some industrial tape for taping it up at its weakest point. I switched to Apple from PCs for Xmas of 2006 and have never looked back. My husband followed me. We are both seniors and use technology all of the time. I got the zoogue thin case to go with the mini. i've tried just about every case and the zoogues always win hands down.
R3F2K5A7NFSWEM	4.0	Same old	11	12	Nothing much to say here except that its almost exactly the same as the IPad mini with retina display. The only difference now is that this has touch ID and comes with ios 8. Get the IPad Mini with retina display, its $100 cheaper.
R1XQXPBVZPFF3D	5.0	Great product. Still think iPad mini 2 is a better buy	6	6	I have had this iPad mini for about a month now and still love it:) Before I had the iPad mini 1 and it was great and still is but after seeing this (iPad mini 3 on craigslist) for only $200.00 with a keyboard and and lighting cable to usb I had to buy it. Keep in mind I bought this off craigslist.org so if Amazon says this is a unverified purchase thats why. I really like using the iPad mini with the keyboard its very nice and looks like a high priced machine. The keyboard is a little small so typing does take a lil getting use to. Before when I use to use my iPad mini 1 it was fast and just overall fulid, sure it lagged sometimes but the hardware inside is about 4 maybe 5 years old (hardware was first used in iPad 2 which came out 2011) but ever since I used my new iPad mini 3 you can tell a huge difference in speed performance and it does not have to reload apps as much as the iPad mini 1 does. With the iPad mini 1 I noticed I can have about 2 maybe 3 things open without having to refesh apps depending on what it was but with the iPad mini 3 I can have about 5 to 6 things open depending on what it is. One other thing I like about this iPad mini is how thin it is even though it is a little thicker then the iPad mini 1 it is still very thin and extremely light. Touch I.D. works everytime I have never had a problem with it. Logging in with touch I.D. is very convenient. I have the 16 GB model which is ok because I dont plan on having many songs and dont plan on putting movies on it. Out of the box I have about 12 GB. If you need more then 12 GB go for the 64GB! Because once you buy it you CANT upgrade the storage memory. Overall if you are looking for a tablet that works very fast that looks sexy and just overall feels premium go for this! But if you need to have the ability to get to the battery or upgrade the storage capacity then dont waste your time with this tablet. I have seen some people give this a bad review because it does not have high end specs like other Android tablets or does not allow you to upgrade the storage memory. The thing I have to say about that is dont listen to those people they are die hard android fanboys. They will make Apple sound bad just because they dont like Apple. If you like using a iPhone or the normal sized iPad then you will love the iPad mini. Also I dont recomend spending $400.00 for the 16 GB iPad mini 3 if your tight on money but want a iPad mini go for the iPad mini 2 it has the same exact specs as the 3 and its $100.00 cheaper. The only thing the iPad mini 3 has is the touch I.D. I got the iPad mini 3 for a amazing price ( $200.00 off craigslist with a keyboard and lighting cable to usb ) If you read this review and have any questions or comments please feel free to leave a comment:)
R1YGHAX13G9L89	2.0	Get the iPad mini 2 instead	10	11	Got a 32GB iPad mini 2 for $50 less than the 16gb 3 and the only difference is that the three has Touch ID, both will end on the same ios since they have the same chipset
R11MS4WU46OEB6	4.0	A touch of gold	6	6	Pros:- Metal unibody, 7.5mm slim, 331g of weight Optional LTE connectivity (Cat. 4, 150Mbps downlink) 7.9" 1,536 x 2,048 LED-backlit IPS LCD with 324 ppi pixel density Apple iOS 8 Dual-core 1.3 GHz Apple A7 chipset, M7 motion co-processor, PowerVR GX6430 GPU, 1GB of RAM 5MP autofocus camera, 1080p@30fps, 1.2MP front-facing camera 16/64/128GB of built-in storage Touch ID fingerprint sensor built into the Home button 6,471 mAh battery Cons:- No microSD slot Pricey memory upgrades, 32GB version should have been standard No NFC connectivity, Apple Pay has limited functionality Apple iOS 8 still relies on iTunes for music and file transfers
R1TXSX770PV5W0	5.0	Great Experience	7	7	Thanks so much great product great price fast shipping recommend to anyone A+++
R1RNJIE157Q83J	3.0	love the touch ID	6	6	Brand new, love the touch ID, and the sleekness of the device. Facetime is much clearer than on my iphone5. One thing I dislike about this product is the audio. It does not project nearly half as high as my iphone 5. It beinga newer version of technology since the iphone 5, I assumed the audio would be better. Unfortunately not; maybe it's just a flawed one.
RL0C59K5OAOA	5.0	Love it	6	6	The iPad Mini is incredible. You can use it for anything, from gaming to financial purposes. You can also add various fingerprints. It is also crazy fast and amazingly thin. There are also several camera options, including Panorama and slow motion. Probably in my opinion the best Apple product.
R1X9R6PHB0J5SM	5.0	As all Apple products, It simply works as advertised ...	6	6	As all Apple products, It simply works as advertised. No crashes, reboots, hangups, etc. As a former android and Microsoft user, Apple's reliability is a welcome change.
RTDUHV1IQACSF	5.0	I just love it	4	4	As I'm sure you will soon realise this is not a technical review. I'm not a technical person, I can do what I need to do and that's it but I'm happy with that, I've never had or wanted a laptop I was more than happy with my iPhone until the first time I used an iPad and then I was in love, for me it was perfect, well nearly the only problem was the size, while I loved having the large screen it made it less portable and since its where I keep all my photos I end up taking it nearly everywhere with me. While this is my third iPad it's my first new one, my first one was my husbands old one when he upgraded and my second was my sons from a scheme at school which he didn't use, preferring his phone! and yes I've loved both but I felt a mini would suit me better and it does. I love it, the size is great, yes I can't argue there are times I miss the larger screen but not only does this fit into my bag it's so much lighter and easier to type on, the keyboard is just perfect and while I didn't realise it at the time the previous one had been a little too big. I can't not mention the screen the image is very sharp the pixel ratio must be good. Kindle: Like all iPads it's fully compatible and that's one of the reasons when I was originally looking for an eReader I went with the kindle I liked the idea of being able to read a book on all my devices and have it sync and I use this more than I ever imagined I would, the kindle is always my first choice I find it's a lot better than the backlit screens but I like that I can pick up my iPad or iPhone and just continue reading exactly where I left off. While I'm on the subject of my kindle I use my iPad to keep it manageable, my previous kindle was slow and sluggish which was probably a result of holding over 3500 books so now I try to keep my kindle under 500 books and use my iPad for the rest. I use my iPad to browse and check Amazon, ordering and downloading books, it's all so easy, any book I want I send wherever I want it, my kindle, phone, iPad, cloud, my oldest kindle which I've given to my dad or my other kindle my daughter is using. As I've already said this is not a technical review and I'm sure you can do this on other tablets, I don't know but I love that you can do this. iMessage: I use my iPad way more than my phone it's so much easier to type on so I iMessage from this, I have 3 friends that can't receive messages this way so if it's short I type it into my phone if it's a long message I type it into my iPad, message myself and forward it on, there's probably a much easier way of doing this but like I said I'm not technical and it works for me. FaceTime and Skype: I use FaceTime particularly when we're on holiday, since our children are older we often leave them at home and FaceTime means we can talk face to face as often as we like with no cost which is great. I have to mention the fingerprint id, I just love not having to type a code in every time. The main thing I like about the iPad is it's easy to use, that's the most important thing for me any idiot can use it and yes, I'm including myself in this, I can even print from my iPad which I love and trust me it must be easy if I can do it. It's compatibility is second and then reliability, I've never had any issue with any of my iPads, they just work and work well the first iPad, bought back in April 2010 is still going strong, my daughter uses it now. While this wasn't cheap I'm a great believer that you get what you pay for and I consider this money well spent I did upgrade the capacity as well going for 64GB since my previous one only had 16GB which ran out quickly, if you're thinking of buying one I'd seriously consider the size I know the price really jumps up but since you can't add more later it's important to consider it before you buy.
R65PXOSH5LHOG	1.0	DEFECTIVE ITEM	5	5	About three-four months after buying it, a line appeared on the side of the screen. That line has been growing gradually and now is almost an inch wide. We are past the return/repair window, so we are basically stuck with a substandard item.
R3P59S7Q6QIO3T	5.0	Excellent	5	5	Excellent iPad. I actually was going to buy the air 2, saw a friend with this and liked it better than other friends iPad Air 2s. Having a ball with everything this slightly smaller workhorse can do.
R1Q2T1ZQDJZQ4D	4.0	Nice, but think about why / if you need the small one before buying.	4	4	I received this as a gift, so it may not be the one i would have picked, the mini form factor is nice, but since i have a note 4, i find the mini to be a bit redundant in some respects, especially at 16g, but its still a great tablet, as quick or quicker than my iPad 3 and much handier to carry around, more kindle like in that respect. I use Fuji X cameras, and this makes a handier sized (to carry around) remote control/viewfinder that is small enough to throw in the camera bag. My reason for not giving 5 starts is i feel this form factor may be fading, with all the larger phones that have similar and even more capabilities, and the camera isn't the 8 mp unit that even my 3 year old iPhone 4s had, but a 5 mp unit, come on apple? I did a little research, and it seems less than 5% of apples tablet orders are mini's. Maybe my opinion isn't far off.
R14LUZ17PQ2DD3	3.0	Works well, but beware with the warranty - lost two months because of the retailer.	3	3	Received on time and as expected performs well. Have an issue with the charger that will need to work out with Apple, which interestingly would not take the purchase date as warranty start. Since we purchased this in May, we have basically 2 months less of warranty. Be aware of this situation. (email from Apple below) ______________________________________________________________________________________ Apple <applecare_pop_en@apple.com> 8:17 AM (1 hour ago) Hi AROD, Thank you for contacting Apple. We reviewed your request and, regrettably, are unable to update the purchase date of your iPad. Apple warranties start on the date of the first retail purchase. Our records show that the purchase date has already been established as March 2, 2015 with warranty coverage through March 1, 2016. To verify the information on your receipt, we suggest you contact the retailer or company who sold you the iPad. We apologize for any inconvenience. Product serial number: F4KN_______ Case ID: 81______ Follow-up: 623______ Thank you,  Apple ______________________________________________________________________ Update: Apple replaced the charger under warranty and it now works, but on further review of the box it came in I can see labels that have been removed and another one that has been added on top, what tells me the unit we got for new might be a remanufactured one. BE AWARE! Make sure your box is perfect when you receive it... My kid opened it before I was able to check it.
R7ASF077JJWIV	5.0	... from 16 gb to 64 gb and im so glad i did	6	7	I actually downgraded from the iPad Air (not the 2) but upgraded from 16 gb to 64 gb and im so glad i did. I can now keep all my pictures and videos and games on the ipad without having to delete or move them somewhere else. This ipad also has no trouble running tons of apps at once, and is very responsive. The gold finish is incredible and sleek. Excellent device.
R1WIJ4KINYJYCS	5.0	Love the new TouchID	4	4	Love the new TouchID, but not liking how it was essentially a mini 2...but just with the touchid. Compact and easy to use in bed.
R12FO0AHR33I56	5.0	I bought this for my daughter. She loves this ...	3	3	I bought this for my daughter. She loves this IPad Mini. I wasn't going to purchase the IPad Mini 3 and had planned on purchasing the IPad Mini 2 as the only difference is the addition of the fingerprint scanner in the IPad Mini 3. My daughter likes having this feature. I found this particular item at a very competitive price, so I opted for this version.
R2ZO0K4YBQ6D4E	5.0	Came back to this.	2	2	This is an amazing product at an amazing price. I kept looking at android tablets at this same size, some at even half the price. But in the end I came back to this because of build quality and because I know if something goes wrong Apple fixes it. (Just took in my phone and replaced it for free about 2 weeks ago) every tablet I walked in a store and used. didn't matter if it was from asus, hp, htc, Samsung, or lg or any other brand. Just felt cheap. From the build quality to taking pictures on them there at the store. I walked away from every single one. At best buy all the tablets are located by the Samsung people which is ANNOYING. They will always try to make you buy theirs and they are the "tablet" helpers. I do not trust Samsung they release 30 tablets a year with different specs and even I knowing what the difference between processors means it can get confusing and they just didn't live up to it. Another things is, I'm not a fan of some of these still coming with android 4.0 when 5.0 lollipop is already out for months and Android M just got announced. My next choice was gonna be a nexus tablet for the updates but the build quality just wasn't quite on par. And the camera wasn't that great. So I went back to Apple. I didn't really want to spend that kind of $ but in the end it was gonna be the best choice FOR ME. Some tablets might work for everyone and some might not even care about the updates etc. but I for one hate not having the latest software on a product you are purchasing in 2015. It's like going to buy a PC and it comes with windows 95. Every pc comes with windows 8. If you are in the Apple ecosystem and don't want a big tablet you should definitely buy this. If you have an Apple TV this works with it so you can be watching Netflix and move it to the tv in seconds. Games,movies or even just YouTube videos just look beautiful on this screen. I do not regret my decision. All I can say is if you are in the market for a tablet and are debating between this or an android tablet go to a store and play around with them. Make sure you love everything about it wether it be IOS or android a tablet will last you a while unlike most phones that people tend to upgrade every year. And don't fall for the BS Samsung employees at bestbuy they will always try and sell you their stuff and say everything else is "not as good" Always go for what YOU will use it for, not what others say you should use it for. Do some research before buying ANY tablet. Make sure its the newest if that's what you are wanting to buy this one for example is the same as the ipad mini 2, except this has the A7 processor and touch id, and you CAN use apple pay on this model. OH and one thing. this does not come with earphones just a heads up for those who are wondering :) comes with plug/cable and the ipad.
R1BB6OUJ6SRCK2	5.0	This was a great purchase! I like the size of the screen	3	3	This was a great purchase! I like the size of the screen, and it is a lot more manageable than the full size ipad.
RJEHYFG1HPLJJ	5.0	Love it!	2	2	Another great product from Apple. I love it! I needed another E reader when my nook started acting up. I don't feel you can beat the quality that Apple puts into their products. I used a nook app to transfer all my books to this and even downloaded the kindle app. It can't be beat. Now I can search Ibooks, Nook, and Kindle to get the best price for any book I want. Plus the battery life is great and games and Netflix work amazing on it! Stop buying a product that frustrates you with problems, and spend the extra money for peace of mind and quality.
RXEJX68G57YCT	5.0	128GB? I've died and gone to heaven!	2	2	I just got this puppy two days ago, after my boyfriend dropped my mini 2 in the tub (don't ask, I still don't know). Anyway, obviously the best feature about this is the 128GB. Just adding 75 movies and still having space for music and other stuff made my day! Then again, you'll have to pry my 160 GB iPod classic out of my cold, dead hands! I'm not totally crazy with the silver/white and really wish they had it in black like my old mini (yes, I am a racist). Overall, I loved my old mini and fully expect to love this one just as much!
R2RHDYVHXGNDOO	1.0	iPad mini was not an original	2	2	Product wasn't a apple original. Touch ID never worked and then the iPad wouldn't update...took it to my local repair guy, he told me that it is refurbished and apple puts a break on products from updating if there was a 3rd party fix. Nothing in the description said anything about it being refurbished or previously used...very annoying inconvenience to return this product...this is my first negative experience using Amazon Prime.
R1MW3H7C2B90ZV	1.0	bad quality control	4	5	Not worth the price of a premium device, because the lift side of the screen does not register the touches and that makes sliding to go back in Safari for example impossible (you have to use the arrows instead) and you can't move icons from one page to another in the springboard And if that not bad enough, the iOS 8 has so many bugs, now I can't download updates of my Apps for some reason It is a shame that Apple's quality have degraded like this
RVRP68UU16WDU	5.0	I love my 128GB mini- it's really a maxi-mini!	2	2	Excellent product. I love the large GB- I can store all my videos and power points for the classes I teach right to the ipad- eliminating the need for internet during presentations. The size and weight make it so usable and comfortable. I purchased a cover that allows it to stand up in either portrait or landscape.
R2570JMPO5PQY8	5.0	Great Product	2	2	Bought it as a Christmas present for my daughter. Its easy to carry around, yet not as small as I thought. What I understand the mini 3 is the same as the mini 2 but has the Touch ID. If you are looking to save and don't mind not having the touch ID than get the mini 2. Yet the Touch ID is convenient.
R1ZAIKDZXJDSOK	5.0	So not sorry I did this....	1	1	I am thrilled. I have owned and do own several other apple products and I went back and forth between this and a Kindle Fire but the reviews for the iPad are substantially better than the Kindle so I went for it, Higher cost and all. I am so not disappointed. It took only 24 hours to get here(thanks Amazon shipping) and I started loading it and messing around with it immediately. I wanted to give it a few days before I wrote my review and am even more pleased with it now than I was the day it got here. And believe me when I say I have put this device through it's paces in just 3 days. To be fair I have only own one other tablet like this device. It was an unbranded Android waste of plastic and metal the same size as the iPad mini 3 so to be absolutely clear perhaps my standards are lower than some other reviewers??? Maybe not though. Upsides? There are many. -It's fast. The first day I had a little concern because the TV shows I was adding were taking well over an hour to load each 1 hour episode but turns out it was my internet that was the problem as it has run as smooth as a baby's bottom ever since. -It's light. I have a big new 6 lb HP laptop that's great but that 6 lbs gets HEAVY after a couple hours. The thin and light iPad mini 3 is compact and light and when used with one of those cases that stands it up it is awesome. -easy access to iTunes and syncing with all Apple devices. This is maybe my favorite aspect other than the performance. ALL my devices are connected now. Downsides? -No sd card port without buying the separate adaptor. Good move Steve Jobs. You have to buy the device the the most space available that you'll need and use or buy an adaptor to use an sd card with it but I hear those are not very reliable plus the added issues of the bulkiness of the adaptor. More money for Apple I guess. I got the 64 gb version. Plenty room enough for me. -The cost is almost double what the Kindle Fire of similar design and capability costs but I think for quality you must pay more. So the cost may actually be more of an upside?? due to the performance. -Not being able to download entertainment files from amazon prime. -that is the biggy downside for me. I am a die hard Amazon Prime user and the app does not support downloads from Amazon at this time so unless you add it thru itunes or buy direct from the tunes store you can't download movies, etc.. from Prime. That is the only real bummer for me. But not enough to take away a star. Itunes has more than enough goodies for the avid user.. To summarize, this was a great purchase and I would be more than happy to recommend an iPad mini 3 to my family and friends.
RLIW2Y2SVU4C3	1.0	The size is nice, but the display doesn't have a faithful reproduction of colors and it is too reflective, seriously.	12	17	I found this information on MacRumors itselft. According to AnandTech review: The iPad mini with Retina Display has the same color gamut as the standard iPad mini, which is narrower than the iPad Air and less than the sRGB coverage we normally look for. The biggest issue here is that there are other smaller tablets in this price range that do offer sRGB coverage (e.g. Nexus 7, Kindle Fire HDX 8.9). And the display expert Ray Soneira of DisplayMate Technologies: the iPad mini 3's display is a "major disappointment", and as a result, the tablet itself is "embarrassingly mediocre and way overpriced" at $100 more than the iPad mini 2. With respect to the iPad Air, it has only 62% color gamut and it doesn't have either the anti reflective coating or the bonded cover glass. So in addition to washed out, under saturated and distorted colors (red tomatoes, fire trucks, and Coke cans look a bit orange rather than deep red, for example) it continues with a moderately high screen Reflectance of 6.5 percent, much higher than other tablets, which further washes out its image colors in ambient light.
RYJFMECSOXADH	1.0	Faulty?	2	2	Ufortunately, this iPad mini could not be configured for email. This was for my father's birthday. He spent over and hour and a half with Apple tech who could not get the email to work with this product. It has been returned.
R4C3PAFT2XS3X	4.0	The Goldilocks of size to function. Just right	2	2	Sleek. Fast. Smart. I think this is the perfect tablet size. Small enough to be portable but big enough to allow easy Web browsing and pleasant video viewing. Not many cases are availible in my area.
RJIBOQM1OJ845	5.0	Absolutely LOVE it!!	2	2	Bought this item for my husband and I don't think he's put it down since it has arrived. Item was received on time and in perfect condition.Would definitely buy this again.
R2JCFRH20MQ9EF	5.0	Great tablet.	2	2	Never been a very big fan of Apple. Prefer Android for my phones. But this tablet is great. Very nice display, good size. Runs fast. Very impressed.
RIUSB69GY84OU	4.0	Works as a portable word processor, iTunes music player ...	2	2	Works as a portable word processor, iTunes music player or game player when you can't lug a larger laptop around.
R1OMSHAMXI99U6	5.0	I LOVE LOVE LOVE my iPad Mini 3	1	1	I am SO glad I opted to spend the extra and get the 128GB. I have plenty of room to store everything. Games, music, photos, videos. It's great. I do think that the forward facing camera lacks the crispness that i get with my iPod touch 5th gen. I was a little disappointed in that. I love the touch id. Awesome feature. the button feels a bit tough to push at first, but after using it is now easier and it is very responsive. This iPad mini is a great investment. Perfect size tablet take on the go (It fits in my purse!!) A+++ on this product.
R18RZ60VBEVMGV	5.0	The iPad Mini 3 Is Amazing!	1	1	I was an android tablet user for years, only because I couldn't afford an ipad. I got the ipad mini 3 for free and since i've had it I have not picked up my android tablet once. I love this ipad and I can do so many things on it and I even watch HD movies on it and the picture looks amazing. I know the ipad mini 2 is the same as the ipad mini 3 only difference is the touch id and I haven't used the touch id yet and don't know if I will but some people might like that feature. I give this a 5 star rating because it's so awesome.
R17BSBXF17Q7XW	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	The iPad mini came in perfect shape. Almost brand new. I'm totally loving it!
R3J6ES7D12R3AH	4.0	its cool feature but not good enough to release a version ...	1	1	Normally I buy products after lot of reviews and comparisons, but this one I just bought without comparing with old version of ipad 2 because it is Apple product. That was my big mistake, i think. There is no change from ipad 2 to ipad 3 except finger scanning, its cool feature but not good enough to release a version just for that. I could have bought ipad 2 32 gb where I got ipad 3 16gb. But overall I am happy with the product display, speed till now.
RCQXAYQTLXLLY	2.0	don't misunderstand me the iPad is awesome to have and a joy to play with	1	1	very content with the IPAD mini 3, until I saw a rainbow on the middle of the screen. Please, don't misunderstand me the iPad is awesome to have and a joy to play with. so, I called apple and they said the the problem is the screen and they know about that particular problem but they have not found a solution for it other than replacing the device. Other than that, its a great product and Amazon has been great when I have problems with my products.
R2WK5P8VH46NTU	5.0	What do you want for your birthday?	1	1	Our granddaughter just turned 18 and we asked her what she would like for her birthday. She responded that she would love to have the Apple iPad thinking that it cost too much. Much to her surprise, we got it for her. After all you only turn 18 once! I can see how much fun she is having with it now. Especially the way she can use her artistic side as she deforms the faces in her photos. She is living with this iPad in her hand! Thank you Apple!
R1OTK8U65XXMC2	1.0	One Star	4	5	The Ipad was owned by some one before and I can't unlock it or use it!
RKROSCS09GKG5	5.0	Love the mini ipad.	1	1	Love my iPad. This was my second (the first is with my son who is now in an iPad class at school). I like the new features specifically unlock with fingerprint. The gold is fine, not my favorite but it was the cheapest..... my cover hides it almost completely. This fits quite nicely in my purse so I can take it everywhere. I use it for most of my Apple needs since my iPhone doesn't have much memory.
R1087LO68NFM9Z	5.0	He was super impressed with the new graphics and how fast this ...	1	1	I ordered this a gift for my husband for Christmas and just getting around to writing a review. He was super impressed with the new graphics and how fast this little monster works. He was still using the original IPad from when they just came out 7 or 8 years ago (we gave this one to our 3 year old) He also likes the surplus of cases and accessories that are available to choose from.
RSZTSW36ITKU4	5.0	Awesome iPad mini 3	1	1	This was a Mothers Day gift for my wife and she loves it. She still has a first generation iPad, but this latest generation mini is perfect because it fits easily in her purse for traveling and Fintie keypad that I ordered separately protects the front as well. Very light and the WiFi is very fast compared to the older models. Great resolution pictures and video also.
R2COQSP0A1QPSF	5.0	perfect	1	1	I love this thing. I upgraded from a first generation and this is much faster. I like the fingerprint security feature, not for the security per se, but because it's just fun. I also own an s5 and the fingerprint technology is severely lacking in comparison to the ipad. it arrived on time in perfect condition in a sealed box.
R1X301PGV3AX6W	5.0	Love my iPad!	1	1	I went back and forth for months as to if I really wanted to buy it, and I'm so glad I finally did. It makes things like playing games, watching videos and shopping online so much easier and I can do it all without having texts pop up or even while using my phone at the same time. Can't imagine life without it now!
RV85F6GXDYIJ	3.0	OK So Far	1	1	The Mini3 replaced my original iPad. Using the new iOS version is a challenge. I would have thought Safari web page load speed would be faster. However, I have not experienced any web page crashes because of the numerous numerous adware and scripts on webpages now. This was a huge problem on my original iPad.
R3VSZZCZ78QUEA	4.0	I like it. It is best and working fine	2	2	I like it .It is best and working fine ..
R3DILRAMC3LFYK	4.0	Does what it should	1	1	I was very excited to get the iPad and I really love it. Everything works smoothly and nice. The only thing which I can't figure out is that neither FaceTime or Imessage accept my Apple ID. This is bugging me a little bit but I don't really need this so I'm happy with my iPad.
R2SQEQSI7ZAZ5P	5.0	iPad Mini 3 -- Overall great product!	0	0	I recently purchased the gold iPad Mini 3. I purchased the iPad mainly for schoolwork and educational purposes. It has incredible speed and a wonderfully clear display. This iPad is offered in three colors: Silver, Gold, and Space Gray. There are also three different storage levels to choose from: 16 GB, 64 GB, and 128 GB. Though these options depend on what you prefer, I personally bought the gold, 64 GB because I save numerous amounts of homework assignments and download class notes onto my iPad. You may want to choose a smaller or larger amount of storage if that suits you best. Ideal User The iPad Mini is ideal for a student looking for a handheld tablet that is fast, sleek, has most of the capabilities of a computer, at a minimal weight and size. This iPad is easily portable and extremely light: weighing in at less than a pound. Compared to having the constant weight of a computer in your bag, you will hardly notice the iPad is there. An iPad can do almost every day-to-day task that you would usually use a computer for, such as search the web, write notes, check your e-mail, the list goes on. Features The newest feature to the iPad Mini is the fingerprint sensor, which works amazingly. I have had little to no problems with the fingerprint sensor and it always unlocks for me on either the first or second try. This feature is a convenient way to keep your iPad locked and safe from people trying to access your iPad without your permission. I use my iPad primarily for searching the web and checking on online assignments. While in class, I like to download the class notes onto my iPad, so I can have my own set of notes right in front of me. You can also download apps to take notes on your iPad in word documents, on Adobe, or make a PowerPoint presentation. I also use the Calendar and Reminders apps that are already pre-installed on your iPad to list homework assignments, exam dates, and due dates for projects if I forget about them that week. This is especially handy if you have an iPhone because the apps sync together so you can have access on both devices. Overall, this product is extremely useful for students and has many capabilities. I hope this review was helpful in your decision of purchasing the iPad mini 3.
R19WWPYNZ11YDR	5.0	some great uses are taking notes	0	0	Users The iPad mini’s ideal user is a student or professional who can utilize the device in their professional and personal life. A user should be able to maximize the device’s capability and they should expect that it can fulfill their needs of a small technological tool to advance daily and work tasks. For example, some great uses are taking notes, checking email, light web surfing, google applications, calendar, and many more. Criteria In order to sufficiently evaluate this product, I have examined its convenience and portability, user friendliness, and battery life. In regards to convenience, this device is very transportable because of the compact size. It is light and easy to slip into a purse, backpack or even a large coat pocket. Apple does a great job making their devices user friendly and this iPad mini is no exception. You will be able to navigate this device very smoothly because of clear instructions and display details. Although it is not a retina display, I did not find this to hinder the ability to fully function the device. As for the battery life, it can last up to a couple days therefore the device is even more reliable. Productivity One of the greatest aspects about the iPad mini is how productive it allows you to be. You can have multiple Gmail accounts or other emails and it smoothly switches back and forth between them. Although typing long email messages on this device is not advised, you can still keep updated with messages and respond if it is brief. There are also many applications that you can install on your device for free: Notability, Google apps, Nook, Netflix, and social media outlets. These are great resources and tools to enhance your studying, work, or to just simply relax. Benefits The benefit of having an iPad mini is that you have a small but effective technological device. It is portable and sufficient for assisting with the efficiency or completion of tasks. The iPad mini is a great tablet where you can send short emails, text messages, check social media, schedule meetings on the calendar, read a book, or be productive studying. This tablet would be a confident purchase for a consumer who wants to enhance their life with technology.
R3BSF90GE2CEAN	5.0	Love this iPad mini	0	0	Love this iPad mini.3. It is a perfect size for me. Specs: Height: 7.87 inches (200 mm) Width: 5.3 inches (134.7 mm) Depth: 0.29 inch (7.5 mm) Weight: 0.73 pound (331 g) Retina display 7.9-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display with IPS technology 2048-by-1536 resolution at 326 pixels per inch (ppi) Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating A7 chip with 64‑bit architecture M7 motion coprocessor iSight Camera 5MP iSight camera Autofocus Face detection Backside illumination Five-element lens Hybrid IR ﬁlter ƒ/2.4 aperture Tap to focus video or still images Tap to control exposure for video or still images Photo and video geotagging HDR photos Timer mode Panorama Touch ID: Fingerprint identity sensor built into the Home button Wi‑Fi (802.11a/​b/​g/​n); dual channel (2.4GHz and 5GHz) and MIMO Bluetooth 4.0 technology Location: Wi‑Fi Digital compass iBeacon microlocation FaceTime video iPad mini to any FaceTime-enabled device over Wi‑Fi FaceTime audio iPad mini to any FaceTime-enabled device over Wi‑Fi Frequency response: 20Hz to 20,000Hz Audio formats supported: AAC (8 to 320 Kbps), Protected AAC (from iTunes Store), HE-AAC, MP3 (8 to 320 Kbps), MP3 VBR, Audible (formats 2, 3, 4, Audible Enhanced Audio, AAX, and AAX+), Apple Lossless, AIFF, and WAV User-conﬁgurable maximum volume limit AirPlay Mirroring, photos, audio, and video out to Apple TV (2nd generation or later) Video mirroring and video out support: Up to 1080p through Lightning Digital AV Adapter and Lightning to VGA Adapter (adapters sold separately) Video formats supported: H.264 video up to 1080p, 60 frames per second, High Proﬁle level 4.2 with AAC-LC audio up to 160 Kbps, 48kHz, stereo audio in .m4v, .mp4, and .mov ﬁle formats; MPEG-4 video up to 2.5 Mbps, 640 by 480 pixels, 30 frames per second, Simple Proﬁle with AAC-LC audio up to 160 Kbps per channel, 48kHz, stereo audio in .m4v, .mp4, and .mov ﬁle formats; Motion JPEG (M-JPEG) up to 35 Mbps, 1280 by 720 pixels, 30 frames per second, audio in ulaw, PCM stereo audio in .avi ﬁle format Siri — Use your voice to send messages, set reminders, and more Use hands-free Listen and identify songs Built-in 23.8-watt-hour rechargeable lithium-polymer battery Up to 10 hours of surﬁng the web on Wi‑Fi, watching video, or listening to music Charging via power adapter or USB to computer system Touch ID Three-axis gyro Accelerometer Ambient light sensor iOS 8 With amazing new capabilities and updates to features you use every day, iOS 8 is the biggest iOS release ever. Learn more about iOS 8 iOS 8 includes: •AirDrop •AirPlay •Control Center •Family Sharing •iCloud Drive •iTunes Radio •Multitasking •Notiﬁcation Center •QuickType keyboard •Siri •Spotlight Search Viewable document types .jpg, .tiﬀ, .gif (images); .doc and .docx (Microsoft Word); .htm and .html (web pages); .key (Keynote); .numbers (Numbers); .pages (Pages); .pdf (Preview and Adobe Acrobat); .ppt and .pptx (Microsoft PowerPoint); .txt (text); .rtf (rich text format); .vcf (contact information); .xls and .xlsx (Microsoft Excel); .zip; .ics Apple ID (required for some features) Internet access9 Syncing with iTunes on a Mac or PC requires: •Mac: OS X v10.6.8 or later •PC: Windows 8; Windows 7; Windows Vista; or Windows XP Home or Professional with Service Pack 3 or later •iTunes (free download from www.itunes.com/download) Operating ambient temperature: 32° to 95° F (0° to 35° C) Nonoperating temperature: -4° to 113° F (-20° to 45° C) Relative humidity: 5% to 95% noncondensing Operating altitude: tested up to 10,000 feet (3000 m)
R3V6K27DNEUUIT	5.0	love love love!!!	1	1	Amazing size. I'm a woman and I find it much more convenient than the iPad 3 that I had before. Love love love the fingerprint scanner! Finally!!! WouLd recommend. Also, this seller got it to me way sooner than expected. Very nice perk!
RW62R2QMKIGPR	4.0	but i like the support offered	1	1	Wider and slightly heavier than the Samsung plus, but no complaints. Like with any apple product, pricier, but what i like it the apple support. Samsung products notoriously bad for customer and product support in the long haul.
R34KV83GUFT4IC	5.0	Compact, fast, incredible display!	1	1	This latest version iPad mini 3 is a replacement for my original iPad mini. The speed, memory size, and particularly the Retina display are incredible improvments over what I had been used to with my old iPad. Highly recommended!
R6O62FPTWVD7X	1.0	I put a protector sheet over the screen, before ...	1	1	I put a protector sheet over the screen, before I used the ipad. Discovered the screen had problems after turning the ipad on to use for the first time. The screen protector cost $45.00. I returned the ipad. Out $45
R3Q7VJ9QFDFNJT	5.0	Buy it.	1	1	Such an awesome machine. It's for my son, but I really want one now. :( It's the perfect size. A relative got the ipad air 2 at the same time, and i think it's too big. The mini size is just right at almost 8 inches.
RUX4KIHAEU0ZY	5.0	A Reason To Smile	1	1	I received my iPad just as was stated when I placed my order. Everything was carefully package, when I opened the box my beautiful gold iPad shining and new put a smile on my face. Thank you.
R1GP4OW441AJ3G	2.0	... it directly from Apple because my experience hasn't been good. The device has been heating a lot and ...	1	1	I would advise buying it directly from Apple because my experience hasn't been good. The device has been heating a lot and when I contacted the seller, I was told to contact Apple.
R1ZCJUGKB5S0O9	5.0	Can't beat apple products	1	1	Bought this mini iPad for my sons birthday. He is 24 and absolutely loves it! He watches shows and movies on it and also uses it for school . Great purchase.
R5S0C4UBDAMTE	5.0	Best small tablet available	0	0	The iPad mini 3 is a good product for what it is as virtually all Apple product. The size is perfect for reading books and handle playing apps in comparison to iPad Air. Game like Temple Run is much easier to handle on this smaller form factor than the full size ipad. However I would like to address that the iPad mini 3 is virtually identical iPad mini 2. It has the same display, resolution, battery life, hardware, processor, camera, and dimensions/thickness. So anything that you can run on the iPad mini 3 will run on the iPad mini 2. There are a few updates that the iPad mini 3 have over the iPad mini 2: iPad mini 3 - has fingerprint sensor - have a 16gb ($399), 64gb ($499), and 128gb ($599) option - have the silver, gold, and space gray option iPad mini 2 - does not have fingerprint sensor - have 16gb ($299) & 32gb ($349) option - only silver and space gray option Hope that with this review, you are better informed before making your purchase. I personally returned the iPad mini 3 for the mini 2 to save the $100.
RB97Q3IP66IQE	5.0	Love it	1	1	I have had Apple iPad mini with retina display 32gb which I gave to my dad (coz it's amazing). And now I got 128gb iPad mini 3 and the goodness continues!
R1BEVV9X2YF90C	5.0	This replaced a earlier model with less storage capability. ...	1	1	This replaced a earlier model with less storage capability. The larger storage with the new, brighter screen is worth it's price.
RXYA05X41XP5G	3.0	Is the supplied cable an original one?	1	1	When I charge the ipad using the supplied cable, a message appears on the screen saying, the cable is not an original one.
RE1P40Y8NEYAQ	5.0	Great Purchase For Apple Product Lovers!	0	0	Very sleek and buttons are easily accessible. The screen is very clear and the perfect mini size that I was looking for. At first, using the fingerprint reader to set up was a little difficult, but once you figure out the same position your fingerprint will be it's a piece of cake! The thinness of the iPad mini 3 is the perfect size to fit into your purse or backpack. The ios system is exactly like the iPhone, so this is perfect for Apple Product lovers! The only thing I wasn't really impressed with is the picture quality with both the rear and front camera lenses. I feel like the photo quality is pixelated and fuzzy. The screen is not too touch sensitive but not hard to swipe and switch screens either; perfect balance! I would highly recommend this iPad Mini 3, especially to use with a cellular SIM.
R24IST2Z14P1HT	5.0	Absolutely love! I used to own a full size iPad	1	1	Absolutely love! I used to own a full size iPad, the iPad 2 and I find this one MUCH more convenient.
ROTO3M465SWNK	5.0	great iPad mini 3 64gb!	1	1	This is way better than the iPad Air 2. Got this for my mom and I feel like trading it with her haha!
R1CYE1522TZ6Y0	5.0	great for eTextbooks	1	1	Reads large PDF files in the iBooks app...very smoothly ? Great for school! SUPER FLUID EXPERIENCE.
R2DQJDF56XZU9L	4.0	All in all I like the iPad mini	2	3	All in all I like the iPad mini, the size is perfect for reading books. That is the primary reason I bought it plus I use it for Facetime with my grandchildren. The thing I don't like about it is scrolling from page to page online. It is cumbersome to go back and find a page I was on before. I find having to shut off apps manually is a chore. I would prefer the app to close automatically when I stop using it. I think if it were not for Facetime I would prefer a tablet that has a stylus like my Galaxy Note phone has. I am still figuring out how to use the tablet though and might enjoy using it more as I become more familiar with it.
ROWYYSTNOZDLW	1.0	Lousy product	1	1	The iPad doesn't work anymore. I don't know what to do about it. I guess I'll try to return it
R2DO5WV505ZON	4.0	i'm dumber than a tablet	0	0	it's very cool but not perfect, i set up an unsecured portable hotspot on my phone to test that feature and can easily connect with this Linux notebook, but cannot connect with the iPad mini 3 tablet, not sure what's wrong, i rebooted the device and still cannot connect to the hotspot, i got this device to control a dji phantom 3 advanced quadcopter which i just sank into our local lake, a thousand bucks into the lake wow i'm so clever, not, i kinda hate myself at the moment, obliviously, this device is pretty neat especially with the apps Distant Suns and Google Maps, still don't know how to calibrate the compass, maybe we get to the point our devices are smarter than us?
R2PNGEXO86C01X	4.0	Good iPad and works great so far!	0	0	I love this iPad mini 3 I bought. So far it's working great, I just don't know why the plastic screen cover has bubbles in it when i got this. I thought it's brand new as in new so most of the new things I got when screen cover appear to be very good plastic covers, no bubbles nor scratch on the plastic covers. however, whatever happens on this, I hope this iPad will work great forever . I like the size, the finger print security and the gold color too. Good job. Next time though, please don't just leave this package on the mailbox, this is over $400 purchase i think it deserves a better carrier with signature required to be sure it's delivered safely to the owner.
RY51UHWT22R8L	5.0	Best place to buy	0	0	iPad arrived extremely fast and as described, never used great condition I recommend buying here rather then any other website or store like best buy. Comments saying this iPad didn't work are lies I checked the serial number on Apples website and by looking at my warranty I knew it was brand new. My warranty doesn't expire until June 2016 so it's brand new. No cracks, no dents, no damage. Great buy. To check your warranty search "Apple serial number lookup " if your warranty is expired it's probably been opened or if the warranty is said to expire November 2015 and you bought it July 2015 then it's already been open long before your purchase.
R2LB6928GCDMI6	1.0	Vastly disappointed	2	3	I am so incredibly disappointed with this tablet. I had an iPad three for a few years and liked it well enough. I wanted something smaller so I decided to get this one. I've had it for like a month and now it has a mind of its own. If I use it for an extended period of time the screens just switch on their own. The apps go in and out, I have to turn it off. I mostly use this as an e-reader so obviously I mean to use it for a while. I've researched and it apparently is an issue with iPad minis. Now I'm frustrated no stuck its this tablet that irks when it feels like it
R358PJSLYWQVOG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	So far this small I pad is fantastic works like a charm. Very happy with this purchase.
R2OZQD54ZPC1DC	5.0	I was so happy when Apple started releasing products in GOLD	0	0	What can I say that everyone else hasn't already. I was so happy when Apple started releasing products in GOLD :) I purchased this to match my Gold iphone and I'm not dissapointed. The retina screen display is crystal clear and I will say with this most recent release, the battery life is amazing! I can constantly play/use my ipad for most of a day and the battery doesn't die - i'd say it's several 6-9 hours+ worth of use! Only thing is with that, it does take a while to charge then. Not dissapointed at all - the product is exactly what it should be and works great - it's lightweight as well and I'm very happy with it!
R3QIFWF1LAZ4D1	4.0	As far as I can tell this mini Ipad tablet looks nice, attractive	0	0	I purchased this mini Ipad for someone in the family. I have not had a chance to use it because they won’t let me. As far as I can tell this mini Ipad tablet looks nice, attractive, slimmed design and has more screen space. It came with standard accessories. Everything looks and works good except the USB charger cable. The cable found to be bad out of box. The cable is not the same as cable from Iphone, it is thicker and pretty stiff and does not charging the ipad. I reported the defects on cable and they said they will send a replacement cable, but have not received it yet. The cable costs no more than five bucks.
R302930I07KW1Y	5.0	Love My Ipad Mini	1	1	I love the mini size of this ipad! It is perfect for traveling and carrying around.
R2SC7MER6X9A9	5.0	Newer, Faster, Smaller	1	1	It's newer, faster, and smaller than your old iPad. Now with finger print dohicky.
R3JU5HYICVW76O	5.0	I Don't Leave Home Without It	0	0	I use it for travel entertainment and light duty work such as note taking and working with Office applications (I did purchase the snugg). Now I never leave home for work or vacation without it. The battery lasts 10+ hours if continuous downloaded /6 hours streamed movie watching. The battery has lasted 6 days on standby. Even with the addition of the snugg keyboard cover, it is feather weight compared to other mini tablets. The retina display is like looking at 3D graphics full time. My only complaint is the speaker quality. You will want good earbuds or Bluetooth speakers to compensate.
R9966H0CWXYUD	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Happy Shopper, pleasant experience with the overall services & product. Thanks!!
R2AOAIX13S2IUV	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	The extra $100 for Mini 3 is not worth it, but I give it a 5-star rating anyway.
R2YQJPR4XCYVLP	5.0	Science, Technology, Engineering, Math (STEM) Tool	0	0	We purchased this iPad Mini for my daughter for her eighth birthday. She was enamored with my full-size iPad, and was always asking to borrow it. It was time to get her one of her own! I like that she can do educational apps in the car on the ride to and from school. She can also interact with fun resources, like Wonder Workshop's Dot and Dash. This is a great STEM resource for her. The iPad also allows her to read books, using the Kindle app, watch movies when we're stuck somewhere for a long time on Netflix, and even keep her our calendar.
R16TX83W21BMH2	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	i really don't understand what all the hub bub is about. i prefer the samsung.
R3NU04ISTD8IYZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love the mini 3 IPad. Perfect for projects than need a little bigger screen.
R15FLXC6OKTIFU	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This is a really nice and cheap place to buy an ipad mini I recommend it :)
R2V7SWQ96JVGA1	5.0	It was the same price as an iPad Mini 2, so why not just get the mini 3???	0	0	I love love love love love my iPad mini. Although, it would've been nice to have known that Apple was going to discontinue the iPad mini 3 back when I originally purchased this in July. However, I'm still happy with it. It works very well as expected from an Apple product. I purchased the mini 3 because it was basically the same price (at the time) as the new (condition) iPad mini 2. Why buy the new 2 when you can get the new 3 for the same price, right? The Touch ID is pretty handy when you don't want to keep typing in your passcode.
R2VNHDZP15571U	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Incredibly fast comparing to iPad mini 1st generation. Worth to buy it.
RIQD8TQBETXBU	5.0	Great Resale Value	0	0	I ordered this device for my wife. Last Christmas I purchased the 16GB iPad mini for her but it could only hold a couple of movies. I was trying to find the best price for a used 128GB but I thought I just spend the extra money for a brand new one. The iPad came brand new in the box. My wife is very pleased with this one. Another reason I bought this model is they have great resale value. Should my wife want to move to a newer version that comes out we could certainly put the sale of this one towards a newer one.
R20HGMA99T8D1A	5.0	Great little table with long battery life for using and for standby and the touch id is very accurate	0	0	I have had the tablet for a month now and its been working great. it has long battery life especially standby time on it is pretty great. i put it away for a few days and come back and only drops few % of battery. The touch ID is very accurate and i use that mostly to unlock it. its nice to play games on and watch netflix or other stuff. i would definitely buy it again. The buyer sent it pretty fast and was packaged well so didnt have any damage from shipping so i would buy it again from them again.
R1YWBWPXX8BBFT	2.0	VERY DISCOURAGED BY THIS EXPENSIVE MINI IPAD!	0	0	I bought this about a week ago and enjoyed it up until today when I turned it on & I couldn't get it to do anything! I can't slide from one screen to another like I do on my full size I-Pad, I can't get any of the icons open. I've tried plugging it back in even though it was not low on battery but that didn't help. It seemed like as I used it this past week, it got harder & harder to get the icons to open. If anyone has any suggestions, please HELP!
R33YVSX5SJRM3M	5.0	iPad Mini 3 the Best!	0	0	It is better to buy iPad Mini 3 Wi-Fi with Cellular directly from Apple Store Online, because guarantee it will work! It comes installed with Apple Sim Card, it will work on all U.S. carriers, except Verizon. You have to go to Verizon for sim card. Apple offers free engraving, but apparently any ipads with engraving has to come from China, it will cause delay in delivery. I got my mini 3 with cell, from Apple Store Online with engraving, I love it!
R2MO5T22FQT4B	5.0	new in box here on Amazon for a great price. So i wanted something i can grab ...	0	0	Well i bought the ipad 4 with 128gbs ,new in box here on Amazon for a great price. So i wanted something i can grab and go with.So i grab the Ipad mini 3 128gb here on Amazon too, New in box.. The mini fulls the bill great can't be the price and it goes where i go. if you want a min the mini 3 is the way to go and its not going to last any where and thats from apple !!! Get the Mini 3 128 why you can. Love it. Amazon has the best price.
R17NSTVJIUR57F	5.0	Great deal!	0	0	Great tablet. I'm an Android guy, but the price for this made it such a better deal than comparable Android tablets, I had to get it. I'm not going to go into the Android versus IOS debate. The only reason I docked my review a star is I have more app crashes than I ever did with various Android tablets (Nexus 7 2012 and 2013, Galaxy Tab S). This is likely a software issue. Hardware wise, you c sant beat the build quality of this tablet.
R336NL85YAC7UW	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Looks good. But somehow the operating speed is kinda slow.
R1M1KSVIKQP9Y3	5.0	Great	0	0	I love this device. It makes my work so much easier, and it's so much more convenient than lugging around my Macbook Pro (when I intend to use the internet for leisure). Touch ID is important to me because it's quick to turn on my display when I'm using the iPad to look at references. I can describe the gold as looking very sophisticated, which is a relief because I was afraid it would look gaudy. Overall, I am very happy.
RBM3YMSVKPLRB	4.0	Four Stars	3	4	For only $100 more, might as well get the Air 2
R1PBKTLJBHGR3A	4.0	Improved My Image	0	0	I'm obsessed with what people think of me. Not a second goes by that I am not considering what other people think about my appearance, my worth or my image. I base my own self worth on what people think of me, so naturally I got an Apple. It isn't the best technology, the most customizeable, or the most affordable, but nothing when placed in your hand works faster at making people around you think more of you as a person.
RI1CT73AOYX8Z	4.0	tiny girl, tiny tablet. It works.	0	0	I'm going to be starting my freshman year of college at Midwestern State University in 3 weeks, so I needed a small portable device to take from class to class and this is absolutely perfect. It's small and lightweight. Definitely a better choice than lugging around a 16 inch 8 pound laptop. Arrived in less than 24 hours after I ordered it with Prime shipping. Arrived in perfect condition.
R3LX3R1D996EGJ	5.0	Ipad Mini 3. Great item as it was described as well as good price.	0	0	This Ipad mini is an Amazing yet. I love this Ipad as it was described. It's New and the only thing I missed in this ipad's box is Headphone, but the Amazon gave me partial refund for that, I am glad with that. It came in sealed packed as same as when you buy it from Apple retailer store. "Nothing's difference than that" 16 GB gold with Fingerprint sensor, I love it. I am giving 5 Star for this item.
R251T9ZXSLIBVK	5.0	Perfect size for me	2	3	Perfect size for me, great screen and long battery life. What is not to like! The fingerprint scanner is great, just seems weird to have to use scanner and password for free apps from Apple Store. Come on Apple, do you really need two levels of security for FREE apps? I take this thing almost everywhere with me, very pleased.
R9KY6YKT2VCJ2	5.0	Both models are an excellent choice and I look forward for OUR enjoyment	0	0	My first impression after comparing specs, was to select this model as a gift for my wife's birthday. After she received it, examined it, she was immediately taken by its simplicity and features! However, she desired one (if possible) thinner and with a larger screen. So, I am returning the mini 3 for the mini 2 air 64gb. Both models are an excellent choice and I look forward for OUR enjoyment!
RB8AXK3AMQQ0H	4.0	Great for College.	0	0	Its an awesome Device for college work. Beats bringing my laptop. To bad it doesn't come with the 32G, as 16G gets filled up pretty quick with software and such. The 64 is too expensive, I feel 32G is just right. Only downside is It doesn't come with Earphones and a cleaning cloth. Battery Life last a very long time in the beginning, but then you see its retaining power decrease.
R1MJ9GH4MM1VF9	5.0	So Far So Good	0	0	So far so good. I've not had an Apple product in some time. I've purchased all Android phones and tablets in the past few years but, I must say, " I'm really enjoying my new iPad Mini 3." I was disappointed with the delivery delay due to weather but, UPS worked to get my package to me a day later. I paid for one day shipping but, got it in two days instead, not bad.
R2NOGODHK3MRYH	5.0	Just the Review I Needed!!!	0	0	This is just the kind of review I needed to read! I've been a lifelong Mac user, but never stepped into the tablet world. Making it clear that they only difference between the iPad Mini 2 and 3 is the 'touch' feature, I can definitely do without that and save a buck to boot. Thanks for this very informative, detailed review as it helped me make my decision!
R1WSS8ELZRN5UX	4.0	Good except for wireless not connecting regularly.	0	0	It works great except for one recurring problem I am having where the wireless will not connect to certain routers, which makes it a bit frustrating when I am unable to use the wifi. Otherwise, it is wonderful. The picture is clear and crisp, it is more than fast enough, and I have no issues with lag. Other than problem with the wireless, I am very happy.
R2JOJRFM3GBLZI	5.0	Perfect	0	0	is everything you expect from any apple product works swiftly and the retina display is something you think you don't need and think why paying more for it, but when you have it you know you did good something i love is the buffering capacity, it loads videos so fast and without lagging even in the crappy networks we have here in Venezuela
R2I0876PLCLPI9	5.0	Thx	0	0	Thx
R1RRCG5EVG8PBG	5.0	This is my 5th purchase of this item and I ...	0	0	This is my 5th purchase of this item and I am not an Apple product regular but the minis are an outstanding product
RX5OTNG3V7R9Q	5.0	It is a nice iPad.	1	1	I usually use it for game. It is a nice iPad.
RX2F6134Q1M1F	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Really happy with the product. Fast delivery.
R31VS4AGOMEJBA	4.0	... fell from my nightstand and I guess hit a sweet spot! Because it shattered a corner in such ...	0	0	I purchase apple for the longest time but this Ipad fell from my nightstand and I guess hit a sweet spot! Because it shattered a corner in such way that can't be repaired! I had it with cover and tempered glass screen protector! I have drop by accident my phones and my older Ipad but this guy wow super delicate or simple bad luck!
R22NUEKGJQHNEZ	5.0	I love it! It's small enough to fit into a ...	0	0	I have a regular iPad and got this to use with a Drone. I figured I wouldn't use it much beyond controlling the drone, but honestly... I love it! It's small enough to fit into a smallish purse, and it's big enough to read and write on. It has pretty much completely replaced my larger iPad. Plus I LOVE the gold color!
R2Y0NMQHIZKF2R	5.0	Perfect Size, Premium Quality	0	0	This product is absolutely wonderful. The iPad mini is the perfect size to pack up and take to class or on vacation. Not big or bulky like the iPad 2 I had prior. The metal casing has the quality feel that I expect of Apple's premium image. Everything works as it should and that's what I value with Apple products.
R738M0NXN9PNS	5.0	Love this little iPad	0	0	Love this little iPad. I have a regular iPad Air and this is just a wonderful little thing. I listen to books.. it is fantastic just like the larger size. I am in favor of Apple putting more memories in all the iPads.. the one i purchased has 64G and I think that is the thing of the future.
R1WCY61JGACT8X	5.0	Excellent Tablet	0	0	I just bought one and I REALLY LIKE IT. 64 gigs is plenty--I have a 128 gig Iphone for music. I also have an Air, but it's only 16 gig and I had to delete apps to keep it from maxing out. Also, the size of the mini is perfect. Get an Otterbox Defender case and you're totally good to go.
R261O8M9HJW3ZR	3.0	Apple keeps the update lean and fails to impress	2	3	PROS: -Good hi-res screen -Solid design CONS: -Essentially the same tablet as the iPad mini 2 but a lot more expensive Luckily, there's a better option for you if you're not an hardcore iOS user: http://amzn.to/1ShwwG5
RPV4P2T4ZVZ8Z	5.0	Highly reccommended.	0	0	I spent roughly $20 extra bucks for the finger print access. Very much worth it. Nothing more to really say outside of Apple makes a great tablet. I prefer the Mini over the larger ones for gaming; it fits in your hands perfectly. Very light weight, and the battery life is amazing.
R1RN5GQ385VJCE	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Works great, very fast process speed
R25OUII5VACCDY	5.0	I want another one!	2	3	LOVE!!! LOVE!!! LOVE!!!!! It does everything the regular mini ipad does but better! Love the size and all the features! Just perfect :) My son has the first ever mini ipad and begs to play on mine. Sorry son lol
R3SI0PK0F72Y9R	5.0	128gb IPad Mini 2 and 3	0	0	Have no idea why a previous reviewer stated that the Mini 2 only went up to 64gb. I have both a Mini 2 128Gb wifi model and a 128gb cellular model for another family member. Just purchased a 128gb mini 3 for another family member. We all love our IPad Minis.
R2JT9BI54PX1FR	4.0	text msg shortfall	2	3	Only wish it would allow you to sent and receive regular text msg's. As it stands now you can only send and receive im messages. looking for an app for a work around. Would have given it 5 stars otherwise.
R2VFGRHW45Y5GN	5.0	My son is very happy with the Apple iPad Mini	0	0	My son is very happy with the Apple iPad Mini. Would be great if Apple added the USB to these tablets for better upload/download capabilities but nonetheless this was a great purchase, extremely fast delivery and the screen color display is so crisp and refreshing!
R1Q2MHJRFQIGSK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Fast. On time. Thank you soo much.
R2I7SF9ZK2AVWQ	5.0	iPad Mini 3	0	0	I already have the iPad 2 and loved that but I'm a commuter on a train during the week and this iPad Mini 3 is a wonderfully transportable size. The display is crisp and I love the thumbprint technology just like on the iPhones. Highly recommend this product!
R2U46M0KGSYO7Z	5.0	Love this tablet!	0	0	Purchased for my 8 1/2 year old grandson to replace another tablet that he received from Santa. He absolutely loves it! It's kid friendly and simple to navigate. Basically works the same as an iphone. Love, love, love it! Can't wait to get one for myself.
R37J59S77Z3UEK	5.0	I have been very happy with my mini iPad 3	0	0	I have been very happy with my mini iPad 3. It's been great to access my mail, messages and searching the internet. Still lots to learn. This is a transition for me for switching from android to Apple platform. I'm looking forward to getting a new iPhone 6.
R1RGIJEFHGJXT4	1.0	BAD - Don't work	0	0	This product does not work!! the small low button is Break!. I need to replace. Este producto vino defectuoso. No funciona el botón inferior del Mini Ipad. Trate de retornarlo, pero me dice que ya expiró el tiempo. Necesito cambiarlo.
R1AT055D3DKUYN	5.0	Satisfied Customer	0	0	I just received my items yesterday & I am very satisfied. The products arrived on time. The case is so cute & fits the mini perfectly. I am so happy that I selected these items. Thank you for outstanding service I will definitely by from this vendor again.
R25NJFRW4KGMA8	1.0	Was not at all happy that this came as an opened items by previous ...	4	6	Was not at all happy that this came as an opened items by previous purchaser. And not factory sealed by Apple. Did not state in in item description
R1G6KMWQVK5VU5	5.0	Good purchase, good experience with the seller	0	0	Arrived on time, as expected in OEM packaging. I prefer the mini over the bigger sized iPads for reading, watching videos, web browsing, playing games, etc. My younger kids seem to like them better as well. Overall good experience with the seller too.
R2T5NGWMH02HDC	5.0	Gift Purchase	0	0	I got this iPad as a gift for someone. They love it. Personally, I don't own any Apple products, and don't want to do. But, the user reports that it has good battery life, nice size and weight and all the features of the larger iPad.
R3KAB5QP3HEO2S	5.0	Love it.	0	0	Perfect! Love it better than my android tablets. Longer battery life, better screen, lighter, bigger keyboard pops up for typing. This was my first apple product. I now have an iPhone too now. Wish I had purchased Apple sooner.
R3G7ZUSQ97PLBZ	5.0	recently added music and found the speakers set very low ...	0	0	Have got the speaker issue solved, needed to go to music and turn up there, did try at the settings. Wish these things had directions. The unit is very nice now that I can hear the tunes..But are there outside speakers that work with IPAD as the Ipod works with a round speaker that was 30$..but this Ipad will not connect.
R14WPJ3ZWZIQAW	5.0	YAAAAAAAAS	0	0	Perfect !!! It's the same product you would buy at the Apple Store but the price is less at Amazon. :) So far it has been working amazingly and I don't see anything wrong with it. I would highly recommend this to all of my friends to buy !!
RGEIX7WWDNXM6	5.0	Good quality and good service,	0	0	I bought this tablet for my nephew ' birthday. This tablet help him search something for learning and play his games. We have some good experience with Apple products. This product came to my house in time and good condition.
R14OAQWXUZER0T	4.0	Buy it if you're getting a good deal	0	0	The size is good for people who like to read or surf and play the occasional game. The hardware is not great I hear but it'll do just fine for the occasional reading and surfing. I'd wait for a newer version with updated hardware specs.
R2NVNXOOJ9WW3S	5.0	One more thing off my bucket list!	0	0	An iPad has been on my wish list for a long time. I am very please with my purchase. I have been a lifetime PC person so it is a slow learning curve. The product arrive almost overnight. In perfect condition. I am very pleased.
R3RTQWWCBE95C1	5.0	Get it, you'll love it!	0	0	Couldn't wait to get it. Finally got here. Very pleased with it. A struggle for me to get it set up, not the iPad, it was me. I'm not particularly good at the technical stuff but if a 76 year old can do it, I think anyone can!
RUK6LS03IKLP8	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	The best small tablet period.
R1PN1YQSH93Q7W	5.0	Dreamy tablet!	0	0	Always wanted an Ipad and this one rocks! Love how pretty and light it is. Now just have to buy a leather case to keep it safe and pretty. Offers tons of features, but actually bought it for the ebooks to replace my old Nook!
RAL42KTKCGNHY	5.0	Great ipad Mini	0	0	Its cute small and you can take it anywhere. Easy to conmect to wifi. I use this for school when I don't feel like taking my laptop. I have this ipad linked to my iphone and mac..Really great device for someone's first ipad.
ROM986V2ZAOBM	4.0	It works very well, just as new, without ...	0	0	It works very well, just as new, without any problem, yet it did not come with a Sim card for the device. I went to a Verizon store and the sales representative told me that I need to create an account for a new Sim card.
R2S55KDB6MEG66	5.0	love itt	0	0	Just got my iPad mini 3 in today! This is my first Apple product. The gold color is gorgeous. Definitely have a lot of use for this. Works fast and smoothly. No compliments so far. Really really happy with this buy! :) :)
R3HXJ8GEY50GZ3	5.0	Love my new iPad mini!!	0	0	Love my iPad! I had maxed out the memory on my previous one so upgraded. The size of the mini is better for me because I can pop it right in my purse yet it's easier to keep my To Do and grocery lists on than my iPhone.
R380KIYEOQT1LF	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Good product, fast delivery
RMMZH2CE1I7G4	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Thrilled to finally own one!
RTDKV1PXA2CS8	4.0	Perfect size for reading	0	0	Perfect size for reading, surfing the internet, or watching movies on the go. The camera takes pictures a little grainy in low light, but in bright light it works well. Super easy to use if you are used to the iphone.
RU63E51K9S27V	5.0	Happy with my choice!	0	0	Love this! I have had a few iPads, but I mainly use them for work. The iPad mini is perfect for home use, travel, etc. I almost got a different type of tablet or e-reader, but I am glad I went with this instead.
R1VISM53DDCG1S	5.0	Good Apple purchase	0	0	Love it. Have an iPhone and love it. Like that they sync together. Using the iPad to write this review. It's an apple product. You all know what you are getting. It's fast, reliable, good clarity, good camera.
R2THJJFRE5T3G1	5.0	so this iPad mini 3 was perfect. 64gb is even double than what I had ...	0	0	Loving my new iPad. I had a 32gb iPad 2 that passed away, so it was time to get a new one. I wanted something smaller, so this iPad mini 3 was perfect. 64gb is even double than what I had before too, so YAY!!!
R29BTU4PFVE4XB	5.0	I love my ipad mini	0	0	I love my ipad mini!. It meets all of my expectations and more . It was due to arrive after Christmas howwever it arrived the day before and I was so happy because it was for me. It was a very Merry Christmas!
R3FXY82IURNFK2	5.0	Love this mini	0	0	128gig model hits the spot, great picture, the wifi is truly better and I can stream movies at certain places others cannot through wifi. Love it. And I see zero difference with the ipad mini 4 except price.
R1KBIVZTDJB5OC	5.0	So far so good! I mostly use it for gaming	0	0	I've had it for a week now. So far so good! I mostly use it for gaming, very little work. It's the perfect size between the iPhone 5s and the full size iPad Air which is too big for me. I love it!
R2PWG6SYIGGJVL	5.0	so you already know it's good!	0	0	We bought this iPad mini for one of our blind counselors. The accessibility options are top notch, although it does require a bit of a learning curve. Anyway, it's an iPad, so you already know it's good!
RB7VOFSDNMNFK	5.0	IPAD IS THE BEST.	0	0	This is my first IPAD and i love it. i can do anything in her. it's amazing. very fast and colors great. small size. i have everything about work stuff and work it PERFECTLY. it's like a iphone the best.
RI1XHUMW5TFGW	3.0	It arrived in a sealed box but there was a ...	0	0	It arrived in a sealed box but there was a defect. The Ipad mini would not delete photos. The program kept crashing. We brought it to an Apple store and since they could not fix it, they replaced it.
R1KX560H4MYO1Q	5.0	Amazing. It was incredible fast	0	0	Amazing. It was incredible fast, and a great product quality. I would buy something again with this seller without any doubt. The best buying experience I have had since I use Amazon.com
R65RHZFLO9FC1	5.0	iPad mini 3	0	0	This is so light weight., intuitive, easy to get going. All my Kindle library easy to access. Came very quickly. I am no geek but find this is a bonus to use for email, text, news, internet, etc.
R19B2FK9FRWH3J	5.0	Totally love this! iPad cannot be beat	0	0	Totally love this! iPad cannot be beat, the mini is perfect for portability, I use it for work and personal tasks, reading, notes, absolutely everything. You cannot go wrong with the iPad mini.
RAID1S0LSBRUS	4.0	I had issues with Facetime and iMessage, though, ...	0	0	I had issues with Facetime and iMessage, though, this is new ipad. For some reason, the battery doesn't last long at all..This is my 3rd ipad mini and first time encountered such weird issues.
R38UNBHKHKIBN0	5.0	Christmas gift	0	0	It was a Christmas gift for myself and I've never owned a iPad and this is the best gift I ever bought myself and now they're already on the iPad mini 4 I think it's time for another upgrade.
R1NR3FIREAEVD7	1.0	Buyer beware!	9	14	I bought this specifically to use FaceTime so I can video chat with family. What a mistake! I should have done better online research about the problems with getting FaceTime to work thru the wifi at home. Apple knows about all the problems you would think they would fix it. This is my last Apple product.
R1E59FHY2KBKSO	5.0	She said " this is Beautiful! Item just as described	0	0	I bought this for my mom as an early xmas present! She said " this is Beautiful! Item just as described! Takes wonderful pictures! Internet speed is fast, couldnt be more pleased!!"
R2MHVZ1FWVWPD	5.0	This was a gift for my granddaughter's 13th birthday and ...	0	0	This was a gift for my granddaughter's 13th birthday and it was the hit of the night and she was able to purchase the case of her choice which made me the “Grandma of the year”. Thank you
RHW242GWA4A5Y	5.0	Perfect size for trips	0	0	I got the iPad mini for traveling due to its smaller size. I have the larger iPad so am already familiar with the product the mini is just more portable but still has a good sized screen.
R11B13377MOCNB	5.0	It's a Hit with this Wife!	0	0	My husband surprised me with this. What a man! He has been helping me to load it up and learn the features. It's just the right size for me. I would recommend to any who are considering.
R3H03CS4KGR7ZJ	5.0	This is the greatest thing since sliced bread	0	0	This is the greatest thing since sliced bread! My new job will not allow me to access email on the road nor to upload my music and games. I'd be lost without this now.I use it every day.
R3TWZ6O7IB6KLY	4.0	Great!!	0	0	Great!!!! The reason I give 4 stars is the audio does seem to be low even though it was max out compare to iPad mini 2. Other than that everything seem to work fine. Shipping is quick.
R33AN3LXEAEF1V	5.0	An Ipad worth the money!	0	0	Arrived in very good condition, came exactly as was described. i like the sensor part for the pass code. Very convenient to use, I adore it. I would recommend others to buy this ipad.
R19HTWK56FXZSD	5.0	Great Device the iPad mini 3	0	0	Great device. Took about two hours to complete the setup. All the products that I ordered came in as planned and are all quality products. I am very satisfied with the iPad mini 3.
R1M6J2LR1M146L	5.0	I am so pleased with my iPad mini 3	0	0	I am so pleased with my iPad mini 3 . It isAwesome, Perfect ,and works Perfect, I Received it on time and in excellent condition and it worked right out of the box. Very Happy
R3RYCBL502VMC5	5.0	It is light weight and perfect for an Apple product addict	0	0	I bought this for my son to use at college. It is light weight and perfect for an Apple product addict. I also bought a wireless keyboard and it comes in handy for long papers.
RREQFKU1BMVOE	5.0	It was great and arrived all the way to Guam very quickly	0	0	It was great and arrived all the way to Guam very quickly. Had to cancel Best buy as they sent for a christmas present on the slow boat. Thanks again. I would buy this again.
R2VJLGVCJ2L1DW	5.0	Great for reading	0	0	Got this just for reading books and news, check email and schedule. Works just fine and easier to hold than iPad Air 2 but for document editing and writing, I go to the iPad.
R2BT6OTJ3IRNXZ	5.0	I love this this little iPad	2	3	I love this this little iPad. Very clear screen, long battery life. The bonus was that it was the best price on the internet.
R1AEFYBPMRDSAL	5.0	I LOVE this iPad	0	0	I LOVE this iPad. I am an owner of an iPhone 6, and I love it. The iPad mini 3 is just like a giant iPhone. You can do a lot more on the iPad than you can do on the iPhone
R1MK5CZ0Z3107X	5.0	Sinked easily with iphone and Macbook Pro	0	0	Pros Battery charge lasts all day. Sinked easily with iphone and Macbook Pro. Handles Kindle and ibook ebooks. Easy to set up. Cons more ads pop up when playing games
R2ZCFN8VOAJ7GY	5.0	I do like it for the purpose that it was purchased for	0	0	This is the Apple product that I have personally owned. I do like it for the purpose that it was purchased for. There is a learning curve for me. It is a very sweet tablet.
R25WWHTRHSVKYU	5.0	She is a Pinterest junkie and this iPad is the perfect size for her	0	0	I bought my wife this iPad for Xmas. She loves it. In fact it has difficult to get her to put it down. She is a Pinterest junkie and this iPad is the perfect size for her.
R1LJO70K4BSF4F	5.0	The case fits perfectly and works great. The material doesn't feel as sturdy as the ...	0	0	It was exactly what i expected. 16GB and with wifi capabilities
R2AEVV5BX7RKDC	5.0	iPad mini 3 is the best yet!	0	0	Absolutely love the new iPad mini 3 - perfect for meetings and working remotely. I highly recommend this seller - super fast delivery and product as described. Thank you
R3OXBY7OUQYEF	5.0	This is the perfect, perfect size for an iPad addicted woman on ...	0	0	This is the perfect, perfect size for an iPad addicted woman on the go. It has 3G, it fits in your purse and yet it is easier to use the keyboard than on your iPhone.
R2BBPZQSZW3CJY	3.0	It was the same thing as the ipad mini acccet ...	2	3	It was the same thing as the ipad mini acccet there was a finger scanner that was the differents about the two iPads.
R2EKQL6GJ0SVXB	4.0	First Amazon purchase and iPad	0	0	For my first Amazon purchase, everything went well and quickly. The iPad mini is exactly what I need for my long flight to Hawaii. Excellent device and service!!!!
R3D59DY59CZ3R	1.0	The shop also said that the home button was super glued. I had to over $100 to get ...	0	0	I took it to the shop and there was 16 screws missing on the inside. The shop also said that the home button was super glued. I had to over $100 to get it fixed.
R1NME1MQV7BJ6	5.0	Perfect - great size	0	0	Perfect - great size, not too small and not too big to carry or to view. Take beautiful pictures.... It is very easy to use (not all of apps) for grandma, too.
RLV0C0JLNWBOM	1.0	Not Verizon compatible	4	6	Don't buy this is you are a Verizon customer - it is NOT compatible with Verizon.
R2W053XTIOZQY5	5.0	... had it for so long but I am very happy with this mini	0	0	I haven`t had it for so long but I am very happy with this mini. Easy to use bigger than my phone and everything seems to be so much clearer when being viewed.
RCQJAR1VMZPF4	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Product is excellent
R1XRX20ACK4L0H	5.0	I love my I pad mini	0	0	I love my I pad mini..... I'm getting used to it. I love my kindle fire better, or maybe I'm used to it..ill work with it for awhile and see how it goes....
RBPO896Q2N5RR	4.0	Great deal !!!	0	0	- Brand new iPad from apple. - Delivery on time. - Price much better than local stores. - Low taxes rate - iPad working really good.
RXIR30X2ES0M4	5.0	I Love the price and the profession way that the item ...	0	0	I Love the price and the profession way that the item was sold. I would do business again with the company and recommend it to friends and family
R1VTNFS5XFOBVS	5.0	Good Thing	0	0	I bought it for my friend's mother, she is happy with it. Thank you for amazon's good express and I got it in only three days, amazing.
R3T9ACOPCSK0EN	5.0	Great iPad for daily use	0	0	I bought this as a video monitor for my drone - fantastic screen that you can read clearly in strong light - probably the best size for daily use
RC53PKUYJO0N6	5.0	Just purchased and is the best tablet I've owned	0	0	Just purchased and is the best tablet I've owned. Beautiful display as usual and the size feels so comfortable on any hand. Totally recommend it.
RAB3ZPGVAX6V	5.0	Just Love It.	0	0	I absolutely love my IPad mini. It is the perfect size to hold. Not as heavy to hold as the larger size IPad. The screens clarity is amazing
R21NC20XGXUFP2	5.0	Excellent	0	0	The iPad I received worked perfectly and was in excellent condition. I would recommend this product to anyone who is interested in an iPad.
R3OKJ8CLPSDLHE	5.0	Love it!	0	0	I love my ipad mini 3. I have an iphone and a kindle fire, and I was on the fence about getting an ipad. I am so glad I did. I love it!
R2MLTRX0KXQ1CD	5.0	this price was the best I could find anywhere at $317	0	0	I had a iPad 2 that just got old so I started shopping for a new Mini. this price was the best I could find anywhere at $317, no regrets.
R1C8WYCGJYSPZ1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Super. Recomended
R2N788UP1HW4MA	5.0	Got this for my daughter as she is going on ...	0	0	Got this for my daughter as she is going on a trip to Asia and she can download pictures and videos and keep in touch with us on wi fi.
R3DFY1ZCWP0LPE	5.0	Great product	0	0	It's an iPad. What can I say? If you don't have one yet, what are you waiting for? Easy to operate and so much storage! Very satisfied.
R1P9OKHFLS1MPJ	5.0	This was a gift but my daughter loved it & we received in a time that was ...	0	0	This was a gift but my daughter loved it & we received in a time that was a shock. I ordered it a one day & had it the next. Awesome!
R1997PQ7WIDOQN	5.0	I'm a happy customer!!	0	0	My product arrived on time and in great condition. It works great and my niece was thrilled with her birthday present. Thank you.
R3FUF5M3P31U3A	5.0	Love the MINI!!!	0	0	Apple rocks. Incredible performance, ease of use, and sleek design. We have 3 iPads and this is our first mini - LOVE THE MINI!!!
R39XLZHWMTAXCD	5.0	... exactly when it was supposed to and it works great! So fast	0	0	It came exactly when it was supposed to and it works great! So fast. I had an old first generation ipad before so this was awesome.
R1HACE521LX0GE	5.0	ipad Mini 3 (Gold)	0	0	The gold iPad Mini 3 is perfect and I love it! It fits in my purse and it's awesome! I received the item very fast! Great purchase!
RY3I9VIR9O5N4	5.0	Apple iPad mini 3	0	0	I'm very happy with this purchase. It arrived arrived well packaged and on time. I'm enjoying all its features and useful apps.
R29L0YSWAG5FNA	5.0	Love the mini-iPad!	0	0	very nice--I was considering getting the bigger one as that is what my last one was but I am very pleased with the smaller size!
R1SO8COMRC00DT	5.0	Apple I-pad mini	0	0	gift for my grandson, his father was happy, he was happy and so am i...great item, great price, wonderful delivery service...
RRZX9H5HAILMW	5.0	It's great. I love Amazon reviews	0	0	It's an Apple mini iPad 3. It's great. I love Amazon reviews, but not sure what anyone would want to see in a review here.
R2546RYQ5PZ38W	5.0	He seems happy with it	0	0	I got this for my father, so I can't say much except that I haven't gotten any complaints from him. He seems happy with it.
R8GT9VW736HVE	5.0	Travel	0	0	I live it. It fits in my pocketbook and also takes fantastic pictures. Plan on using it on my upcoming River Boat Cruise.
R1ZR9DDC5AXS2R	5.0	Perfect in every way!	0	0	This was a gift to my son who loves it! He had an iPad and upgraded to the new mini. No complaints, is super happy with it.
R3GS64QE8IRNZO	5.0	Ipad mini 3 happy customer	0	0	This item is what I was looking for had the item before but gave it to my father miss it so I brought another one good buy
R3LRD7DVC6APOY	3.0	The cable charger come with Ipad is suck not work	0	0	The product it just OK I don't know the Ipad is brand new from apple. The cable charger come with Ipad is suck not work.
R31U7823IG5BJC	5.0	Everything ok	0	0	Love this ipad it might be the same as ipad mini 2 but seriusly the touch id is perfect for an ipad. Gold = perfection.
R2LBB53O5AKC89	5.0	The device works great and I am happy with it	0	0	Even with the weather delay I received my order in a very timely order. The device works great and I am happy with it!
R3SBFQB8NTDS2G	5.0	Especially great with my DJI Phantom	0	0	Have iPad Air and iPhone 6. Didn't think I needed the mini but I use it a lot. Especially great with my DJI Phantom 3
R1P8ZMVMPBYFCG	5.0	There's very little bad to say about them	0	0	Delivery was on time and as expected. It's an iPad! There's very little bad to say about them! Good price on Amazon!
R16JQHJBN297VU	5.0	this is the best present that I've ever given myself	0	0	Man, this is the best present that I've ever given myself. It came well packaged, quickly and it's mine ...all mine.
R36G1R9X80VJ78	4.0	It's a nice iPad	0	0	Great device. The fingerprint ID works well. It is replacing my Samsung ChromeNetbook. Can't always eprint with it.
R364PF2GO2CFAD	4.0	Nice	0	0	best tablet in the market today. responsiveness, good. smooth and reactive to all my commands. killer apps too, lol
R3I0EROLMBPTLS	5.0	she is really happy with this new iPad mini 3	0	0	My mom has wished to buy a iPad since iPhone 4S was out, she is really happy with this new iPad mini 3! >w<
R1FV20VWAEGVH8	5.0	Thank you to the Apple for such an amazing product!	0	0	This is my first ever I Pad and I am so much enjoying it! Thank you to the Apple for such an amazing product!!!
RPZ8R7GKI5BSL	5.0	Just as advertised.	0	0	Product arrived quickly. Was new in original packaging and operates well. I am very pleased with this vendor.
R1BDAJ6ENV7ZQ9	5.0	Freaking fantastic. Obviously smaller than the regular iPad or the ...	0	0	Freaking fantastic. Obviously smaller than the regular iPad or the IPad Air but it's better to carry. Nice job
RPZ497MQSVZFY	5.0	Happy so far	0	0	Happy so far. Same as the old one, just needed more memory. Shipped fast and very happy with this purchase.
R47XFHIQQRP65	5.0	5 stars for super fast shipping and works great	0	0	5 stars for super fast shipping and works great. Brand new iPad mini 3 for a way cheaper price. Thanks a lot!
R3E2DV8AC2N4DQ	5.0	Excellent product. Upgraded from a iPad 2 and this ...	0	0	Excellent product. Upgraded from a iPad 2 and this has features the other one lacked. The size is just right.
R1I0A7S9X5AITT	4.0	I LIKE IT, BUT...	0	0	I like it, but I find that it is easier to use my PC in handling attachments and forwarding received Emails.
RQL9SUXXCUL6I	5.0	Excellent Apple iPad Mini 3	0	0	A fine Apple iPad mini 3 replacement for our iPad mini. Best price in "town" for a quality machine.
R3JUDYTQTG4X00	5.0	The box was dirty and worn but the charger	0	0	Looks brand new and works perfectly. The box was dirty and worn but the charger, cable, and ipad are great.
R14E39HYCRE2U6	5.0	Love my iPad mini three	0	0	Item was just as described brand new in box I love it in fact that's what I'm writing this review on a+a+a+
R2FIQUXE4VUKUA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent, I put iNAV navigation software on it and I currently using it for yacht deliveries and training.
RSWII7YFJFVX4	5.0	great condition, I love it	0	0	Showed up just as estimated, great condition, I love it! Works very good with my online courses. Thank you!
R179LFZZ98BM0U	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This user is slow in discovering its features so there is not much positive feedback that can be provided.
R2KYMAKM289G1W	5.0	So far it's great! It weighs a lot less than my iPad ...	0	0	So far it's great! It weighs a lot less than my iPad 2 did and it's easier to hold on to when I'm reading.
R3VIRIG9ENM6D6	5.0	came quickly and in perfect condition. The IPAD has worked perfectly since day ...	0	0	came quickly and in perfect condition. The IPAD has worked perfectly since day one so far. I'm happy.
R2M419HGFQFPBI	5.0	IPad mini continues to be the best small tablet	0	0	The iPad mini continues to be an excellent, albeit pricey, tablet. The screen resolution is fantastic.
R1HRJ8ALQ1H08Q	5.0	Such a Great Upgrade	1	2	I previously had an ipad 3 and when I decided to upgrade I thought I would like something a bit lighter and smaller for my travel/on the go use (which is what I use the ipad for). I found the Apple Ipad Mini 3 perfect for me. The display is so crisp and a huge difference from my older model. I found the size of the screen perfect for me, a little bit larger than a trade paperback. I also love the weight of the mini... I barely feel like I am holding anything. The device works quickly and without any quirks and the camera is great. So pleased!
RLL027EBK8ZJI	5.0	Love this iPad!	0	0	Love this ipad mini 3, very happy with this product. I always wanted one of these and finally have it!
R1PUPTJ003N4XJ	5.0	awesome!	0	0	Box was a little dented on all four corners but no damage and the iPad works perfect! Thanks again!!
R2PUT53FVT2RO7	5.0	Great for everyday use.	0	0	Bough this as an xmas gift for my wife. She loves the size and speed of it, and uses it every day.
REMB2CX85INGA	5.0	Great Deal!	0	0	So happy that I waited to find a good deal. I got the 64GB version cheaper than the 16 retails for.
RSZ0N621XMNLR	5.0	iPad mini	0	0	I think this iPad mini with 128 GB it's The way to go. I would recommend this to family or friends.
R1MT7VEYXE3EWM	5.0	Excellent!	0	0	One word: Excellent. The person to who it was gifted to is almost inseparable from the product! :-)
R25PPC1A8A7NWC	5.0	New iPad! Yeah!	0	0	The iPad was shipped very quickly and it is great to have a new, up to date iPad tablet. Love it!
RCLPM876PQ8WN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Amazing it does everything my computer can do love it. Got here quick and in one piece. Love it!!!
R3B2IVWLOEJM65	5.0	Quality Apple product	0	0	Everything I expect from an Apple product. Works great and the processing speed is very good.
RWZY4V0NVDI7V	5.0	Fast Delivery and iPad-mini is Great!	0	0	iPad-mini arrived quickly, as described. Screen clarity is much better than original version.
R2TNOBNAQY0E97	5.0	EVERYTHING IT STATED THAT IT IS ABLE TO DO. ...	0	0	EVERYTHING IT STATED THAT IT IS ABLE TO DO. VERY FAST, AND I AM STILL LEARNING HOW TO USE IT.
R1CVJT5SGUEO2U	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I already had an I-Pad but this one is much nicer. It came quickly also. Thanks
R1CBX3BADXSDZN	5.0	Excellent.	0	0	Arrived boxed in pristine condition, boxed, new within a few days, as advertised. Excellent.
R1NQMILX8XWIRA	5.0	Nice birthday gift	0	0	Great birthday gift! Birthday girl really is enjoying the super clear display and easy use.
R3L821AJIP30UX	5.0	Ipad mini3 works like a top	0	0	Arrived when I was told it would come. Ipad mini3 works like a top. All around very pleased.
R3KFVZOOQURX6R	5.0	Worth it	0	0	I love my iPad mini 3! I have another tablet but this one if far better. It's easy to use.
R5YSEHVOGWWHI	5.0	The mini size is nice. I like it over the full size	0	0	It's an iPad! We all know what it is. The mini size is nice. I like it over the full size.
R22ULJWNS1APXN	3.0	Okay	0	0	Flaw : I purchased a gold iPad mini not a silver iPad mini Pro: it just looks awesome
R2BUX83I95DZN	5.0	great value compared to Apple website and other stores	0	0	Works as described, great value compared to Apple website and other stores, fast shipping.
R24T6M2L56N2H7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Awesome buy
R2P4HD9N6NTB6R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I don't think there is anything negative that you can say about an iPad. Hubby loves it!
R3RY6A8EZFTJVS	5.0	Great product	0	0	Received early than stated date, brand new, great product, good buy love my iPad mini3!!!
RE4QZDCA8X6J1	4.0	It works great for that	0	0	We use it for a drone monitor and app. It works great for that. It was the same as new
RBPOWPM38GESK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Yes I just love it. My I pad is everything I wanted in an I pad. Barbara Burnette
R1MGQJ5OKX6QNA	5.0	and a great price. I appreciate these folks from Utah	0	0	Brand new, exactly as described, and a great price. I appreciate these folks from Utah.
R1HJQCXH0TES3S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love the mini size. And functions beautifully. Will never use any non-Apple tablets.
R15306NV91BKZP	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	CPU on this is much slower than iPhone 6, iOS 8.3 visibly stutters in UI interactions.
RFZ6JV8OAIHSW	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I like it, it arrived on time but it hangs sometimes especially when i'm playing games
R1TG5RKRFOQ0S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Wonderful, everything worked! I will purchase from this seller again! iPad was legit !
R2DJAR2BP47W54	5.0	I wish I had more money	0	0	Perfect! I love Apple phones and pads. I wish that I could afford one of their laptops
R18PH4C16L92XB	5.0	Works great	0	0	I love my iPad Mini. It's easy to use and syncs apps with my iPhone which is awesome.
R1S4FEW2C7V4V8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	everything great so far ,had hard time in the beginning getting set up for Face Time
R2IYZOMI2KHLIV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love my Apple iPad mini 3, we have a regular iPad tablet and this is just my size.
R2M3BSZANDNCJS	5.0	and was very satisfied with purchase	0	0	Received ipad on time, sealed in factory box, and was very satisfied with purchase.
RYBIOZ1IC0AM0	5.0	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE	0	0	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my new iPad mini 3! It's beautiful, powerful, and just WONDERFUL!!
R177TKVROEC1KV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Ordered for my grandson and he is very happy so far. Came on time and as indicated.
R39QDI8JL5U59C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it. comes in handy for whenever I need to type a paper or just a movie night
R3B17FLS2LR0QF	4.0	love it	0	0	I changed from a 4th gen iPad, I really like the size and extra space on this unit
R1L6Y3JGE05X83	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it!!!
R27AB2BJSNTTOT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	best price
RL5NETJJGSB8M	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product and good price compared to other providers. Extremely pleased.
R1PBL2PGTW06XQ	5.0	Good size. Easy to use	0	0	Bought for my husband . It's the second one in the house. Good size. Easy to use.
RLK47N32FRIX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent price and delivered right on time. Would buy again without hesitation
R2QLGTMSU93EUW	5.0	LOVE IT	0	0	I love this iPad. It takes the most beautiful pictures. I recommend this for you
R3T8WXQLOHHOGX	5.0	Perfect for traveling	0	0	Enjoying my lightweight iPad mini. Perfect go traveling. Put in my bag and go.
R1V3LR6MARD7H5	5.0	Love my iPad mini	0	0	It's easy to use and sinks up to my iPhone. Small enough to fit in my handbag.
R3RE4A6TFQR18Q	4.0	Great device	0	0	Love it. Have kindlefire and laptop; this beats them both. Now I need iPhone!
R2LCRUXADPPNS1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect in all ways. The handiest size for a tablet with a magnificent display.
R177N0XT8LLAZS	5.0	Perfect	0	0	Love it! iPad came on time and in mint condition. Setup was easy and swift. :)
R3FNQR6MDEF704	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it! My mother feel in love with it also! I had to purchase one for her.
R2ZK3801XB2ZBY	5.0	Great	0	0	Came on time & in perfect condition. Works great & no issues at all! Thanks!!!
RAPN718K67OEG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very nice ipad, great condition, came super fast............Overall, Amazing!
R21Q0F0GG8I7Z9	5.0	Great price. Fast shipping.	0	0	Great price. Fast shipping. Love the mini more than the regular-sized iPad.
RA975212CM2WY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Much better than my dinosaur iPad with the OS 5.1, and weighing it at a ton.
RU44B70EDW87X	5.0	Useful!	0	0	I spend a lot of time in the bus and now I can use this time for reading :-)
R2QJD0ESHGKAK	5.0	And I love my iPhone	0	0	It's my oversize iPhone without a cellular connection. And I love my iPhone!
R3P8DHPAOLXMXM	5.0	great	0	0	grandson says it works perfectly no problems. great price for grandparents. we paid about 370.00
R2011PKN2H92CE	5.0	Love	0	0	Received quickly and extra bonus had a screen protector included.. Love it
RY15V5AJGUU5W	5.0	Apple products	0	0	I really the Apple products, I am very pleased with my iPad mini purchase
R1IWWBX6W6QJLE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	A bit of a learning curve from the kindle but it meets all expectations.
R1W18RJB03FMKS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome ipad, take along anywhere, so clear and a joy to take pics with.
R254KHX5Z2JPNP	5.0	Great Item	0	0	Well what can I say, it is an iPad! Perfect price and delivered on time!
R36NJ6NDDBM2U3	5.0	Quick and Easy	0	0	Much better to carry around than old one and does many more things faster.
RU1IRGILU33MY	5.0	Its an Ipad mini. The thing is superglued to ...	0	0	Its an Ipad mini. The thing is superglued to my hand.......enough said
R1NUCUBLHFNROQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exactly what was advertised couldn't ask for a better deal. Thanks.....
RJFURO8FPWX3R	5.0	Excellent Device	0	0	Hi, it is my first IPad, that is a great device, it works pretty nice.
R2MP2OIXHN1AEU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Happy with iPad! It's for my daughter.... I already have one....
RF1DO6B0C4ADD	5.0	He is a very happy man.	0	0	I purchased this for my husband for Christmas. He is a very happy man.
RSUH3HVVVHCKV	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Functionally everything I expected, but a little on the expensive sid.
R2JBNNPO879KL4	5.0	... very fast delivery and the whole ipad is totally like a new one	0	0	Very very fast delivery and the whole ipad is totally like a new one!
R19GZ4B8I8R2R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love the iPad Mini! Upgraded from an iPad 2. Processor Much faster.
R3P53NHG35Z2VB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughter won't put it down. My 2 year old grandson loves it too!!!
R2Q62P31QJ8OGH	5.0	Apple iPad mini 3	0	0	This iPad is perfect for my needs, the gold color looks great too !!
R1FTG864G3HYXP	5.0	Like the IPAD	0	0	Thank you, yes I received the IPAD and it was exactly what I wanted
R62VFMX7MTQEW	5.0	just love it !!!	0	0	Just love it. Ordered it at 9 pm and had it the next day. Awesome
R1237X6CDNE9OU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This is my second Apple mini i-Pad, I will only buy APPLE products.
RF6JHJ0WN51M3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I just got it and I love it!!!! It works amazing and it such a great size! great for its price
R1YOOD5SS8WZ5K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I bought this for my mom who is not computer savvy. She loves it!
RDS9FK6B02C0D	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great product, have had good success with Amazon and electronics!
R3CN0ILZFEMO29	5.0	Flawless purchase	0	0	IPAD works perfectly & was in original packaging. Fast shipment.
REJU1843GXNBA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My granddaughter loves her new iPad! received item as promised!
RX00WJCF9BOTX	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Perfect except for the cord which didn't work for some reason...
R2VVL0UX3VBINW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The product is absolutely good and service is also really good!!
RBZESHGUS501W	5.0	Was brand new and works great!	0	0	Got here when it was supposed to. Was brand new and works great!
R25B2PYNZFTJDN	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Like this but 16gb is useless. Wish I had opted for more memory.
RSZ3MNN1RFRPB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This iPad is awesome and the seller was great!!! Very helpful!!!
RESSFOH8OWBP6	5.0	Awesome	0	0	Fast delivery, arrived brand new just as stated, great product !
R3C5GEHVLEH585	5.0	I ordered a silver 16gb and received a gold 64gb instead (which was the one I wanted). otherwise, I'm very happy thank you	0	0	Wrong Order?? Hopefully you will see this (pls get back to me)
R2JZX8TAA8J2A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great tablet - why buy anything else - this one is is the best
R2TDY9H23U5GY0	5.0	and was very satisfied with the purchase	0	0	Arrived when said,, and was very satisfied with the purchase.
R1Z7NF8RGDJRPA	5.0	But the actual ipad is great!!	0	0	Fed-X shipping was HORRID!!!! But the actual ipad is great!!!
R2PVYU9DHOW113	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it came with everything brand new and one year warranty
R2W953WVB7GINS	5.0	great display! Battery life is great too	0	0	Awesomely fast, great display! Battery life is great too...
R3LWROWHT0AI42	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Help apps nutrition and health cooking recipe health network
R16Y58UUYZS915	5.0	Met my expectations	0	0	The iPad was delivered as promised and met my expectations.
R23EAE05MI46HG	5.0	Great Gift for my Wife	0	0	My Wife loved her anniversary gift. It was exactly perfect.
R13R98TLZMR52A	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Bought it for my mother as a present. She says she loves it
RXRKAPDL177AO	5.0	Just love my iPad. Got it at a better price here on Amazon.	0	0	Just love my iPad. Got it at a better price here on Amazon.
R2EY3I32UEKTL2	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Is good
R34521L05XJUC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It came in shrink wrap in brand new condition as promised.
R2YWCDK7R1SR1K	5.0	Great gift purchase	0	0	Bought this as a gift for my brother in law. They love it.
R2B5W7SMHDAMQR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Super device---exactly as describes, shipped immediately!
R1MPRMATA58T29	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect condition! arrived on time & securely, very happy
R2PV250DGKOD2	3.0	Shoulda waited	0	0	A week later the price dropped and this was discontinued
R366D4TR4D2XHW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My Granddaughter was very pleased and she just loves it.
R3VT75I39LGZYX	5.0	Fine tablet	0	0	Love this little mini. Very easy to set up and operate.
R3VVPMM5DWJUEJ	5.0	In perfect	0	0	As described. In the original box. In perfect condition
R2A2EH53MV8NKD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The I pad arrived on time and it was perfect. I love it
R3V4L7MTCU7EAK	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	A step up from my ipod touch. It is very satisfactory.
R1P7RWNU2UDVJI	5.0	Ipad	0	0	It's a Apple IPad. Nothing else to say. Great product.
R2ZURX7QGLHQD3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	So far this is working great, I do wish it had more GB
R2K51WM931FHM6	5.0	Fine transaction	0	0	Arrived in perfect condition. No complaints whatsoever
RWNQSZ9DIWAKI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Received the product before expected. Nephew loves it!
R2D5HTFTEUS4ND	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This was perfect for me. Everything works wonderfully
R2FC5K6PEWAAL2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was a perfect purchase with quick turnaround time.
R1BGFO3XAHK5B9	5.0	Very satisfied	0	0	I love this. Very fast shipping and packed very nice.
R36YFXVVKOB484	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works as advertised, very stylish! Got it right away.
R2HVKFCS89JHC3	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Everything as expected. A few light screen scratches.
R2FETGLRO4PIO0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	its an ipad, nothing else to say....shipping was fast
RLT0NR73I9Z1D	5.0	Very pleased	0	0	Exactly as described. Good price and fast shipping.
R332RWCNEXRQN	1.0	One Star	0	0	It simply stopped working after less than a year....
R2IRSB7KLLGLQB	5.0	Great - even for a beginner	0	0	Working very well, especially for a learner like me.
R131QRS0AGYMO1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	gave it to my niece for a birthday gift she loves it
RSZ1AM9SGJMIL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great we love it. Fast shipping and a great product.
RWCJA1Z2EBDIQ	5.0	I highly recommend it,	0	0	Goes great with my new I-Pad. I highly recommend it.
RX16GLEK8HKLD	5.0	A big hit!	0	0	Got it for my wife for Christmas and it's a big hit!
ROXYXGNZIEPRN	5.0	Worth the price	0	0	Excellent product worth the price amazon is selling
R35F6AG6KRPILI	5.0	Love my new Applie IPad Mini	0	0	Same day delivery!! Love my new Applie IPad Mini!!
R1UZRN881W320I	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I like the smaller size, fits the hand much better.
R344PGUXO3M60U	5.0	Quality service, very happy with my purchase	0	0	Great buy! Brand new and would absolutely recommend
RS220TEZNJM59	5.0	Nothing but the Best!	0	0	Got it as a gift! Perfect size. Great in every way.
R2KU9Y79LVS37R	5.0	Love	0	0	It does everything my i pad did and more. Love it
R3F7CM636IPLD8	5.0	Amazing seller!	0	0	Brand New iPad as described!!! Amazing seller!!!!
R20XCIL8YL0BS8	3.0	too hot for summer	0	0	too hot for summer,especially on right top half .
R1NKQCWXT26QMR	5.0	👍 no complaints so far	0	0	Just like the iPad Air 2 but in a smaller package
R1DHHFU606QL54	1.0	The box of the iPad arrived opened. It does ...	10	16	The box of the iPad arrived opened. It does not have the original wrapped plastic. Did not have any at all which means the box was opened before delivery.
R30K6W0HGWBSA6	5.0	Great	0	0	just what I needed and love the memory it holds.
R3JDDN0YZQL4J0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good price for mini3 and the quality is prefect!
R32ZCOPC5NPWXG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	On time delivery 😊 product delivered as stated.
R31FJKE1LC7PV4	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I like it so far, I only use it to run my Drone.
RNPTYTHVAX2BH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	SUPER fast shipping! Product is perfect! Love it
R3GSKXF5B0F041	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it and it's a good size to carry around.
R3OZ9UPX6RDATC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love the mini. Was just what I was looking for!
RKWOP3PXZ14Q	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Wonderful! The world in the palm of your hands.
R1ONLIDF00DRBL	5.0	I love it!	0	0	Works perfectly, very fast shipping! I love it!
R2HL76NZP4WBYV	5.0	Good product.	0	0	Arrived early on day of delivery. Good product.
RC0GU9C7QLJ7	5.0	Satisfied customer	0	0	I love mine! Couldn't be more pleased with it.
RT3O99JUVO44X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Everything was advertised, iit works superbly!
RHAYAFWR7UXF3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It arrived on time and so far is working fine.
R8GAVI6Q5WQDQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Came in a very timely manner and great product
R1M4S92GP6AG59	5.0	... gift for my wife and she thinks it is great!	0	0	A gift for my wife and she thinks it is great!
R1O4RAMZTBY0GT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent product, the ultimate in technology
R195HBCNVUTOIF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it I can download lots of movies.exelent
R1DA490N2OCU9A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	So happy with this product! I use it DAILY :)
R1P5BEA8DSVFSJ	5.0	Looks and feels great.	0	0	I am enjoying so far. Looks and feels great.
R2UDWVV4I50B3O	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Item came in as described. Shipping on time.
RFGWZZIDUUUN2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This was for my granddaughter, she loves it.
R38RWD7HUL25D1	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	The quality and the gold color is beautiful。
R3P9K6V5OORB4U	5.0	Apple iPad mini	0	0	Works great; great size. I am enjoying it.
RKTZSVN1G4AEO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very very good after-sales service. Thanks.
R2S7GRI74KJRGE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product and outstanding service!!
R36D7JV35MPW8	5.0	Lovin' it!!	0	0	I am TOTALLY pleased with my new mini iPad!
RIVICCMFHQ83P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughter love it and it works very well.
R3M9M2Q3Q7RKE6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The iPad is good, all meet my expectations.
RE14WQ8A5LW7R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I really like this. I like the Gold color.
R2D3QXWXWFGD2F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I'm an Apple fan boy, what more can I say.
R13YOKDXLBQ1GE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thank s very quick shipment and good price
RN0FL7J8GP5FY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Best mother's day gift ever, she loves it.
RPLVBJ1HF61IH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Item as advertised... Very fast shipped ng
R1CB0F73VKCO2E	5.0	Apple mini ipad	0	0	Work great , very happy with the product,
RAHH1T4DS1LJS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I really enjoy how light & compact it is.
R5AGKVTVY3A5S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product, delivered as promised.
R3BJCFHKCRWUMY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I'm very happy with my apple ipad mini 3.
R2AS4J4YD1JL8L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good quality of course and shipped fast.
R12Z7SYYEZ2IWD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good product...good service by seller...
R2PMXK866R3Z2X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Always great to have a new apple product
RXXMBECL15BIY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I like the small size. I am enjoying it.
R2P1QZAE8YLTU	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Wish there was a paper instruction book
R2ZVYZ6XY4VWYZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it! Works well and I love the size
R25D8PE3HO3LI	5.0	Great birthday gift	0	0	My wife loves it. Great birthday gift.
R2QLYSO0EQ661E	5.0	Loved it!!!	0	0	Arrived on Time! Best purchase ever!!!
R1D6FL8M0AA7H0	5.0	Good buyer	0	0	Everything is OK good and serious buyer
R2C64G7HY7VYSD	4.0	Nice so far	0	0	Own and iPad and now a mini, I'm hooked
R2DH62QAC005RX	5.0	Great product and great seller!	0	0	Great product and great seller! Thanks!
R16UZZAPGSJK87	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	item received in time and as expected.
R33XHJ4PQV91FI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	iPad works as expect. Deliver is fast.
RUUYQRO1WO7FX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Gift for my daughter and she loves it.
R1TYEN3OJFRERF	5.0	5 stars	0	0	Cheaper than Apple retail. Sealed well
RU4TXNGNKSAW1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fast delivery good item I love it!!!!!
R31B4TG4REJFYV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Got it on time and the wife likes it.
R3OR57FFD2DPQS	5.0	As Expected	0	0	What can I say, its an apple product!
R2OVVL3V0XM528	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exactly as expected. Arrived quickly.
R3PTC51XMU92YH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My girlfriend loves this little thing
RDHQGVJO9QPC3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fantastic product from a great seller
R98UUKQ3U32AQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product! Exactly what I wanted!
RUCKXTRHCNYGJ	5.0	Love it	0	0	It's everybit as good as my IPad2 ...
R3OZQ7OTBIPWZM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	it came on time my grandson loved it.
RQAN5CRCDKG0A	5.0	love it, nothing compares to ipad	0	0	love it , nothing compares to ipad .
R1P8HJJFGCYOXB	5.0	I love it	0	0	The perfect solution for my purposes
R2KSLVN9ME37H3	5.0	Great Item	0	0	Love it!!! Better than any Kindle..
R12I1DU66FRJXF	5.0	love this product	0	0	The best 7' inch tablet ever so far!
R1NYZYV9QSJI9O	5.0	Ipad mini 3. Great transaction	0	0	Great product. Arrived as described.
R3FQ7D2REWIZ4X	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great and was shipped a day earlier.
R1JRIRHHIHPUXG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The boys really seemed to like them.
R1OVSEE7Q2TDC2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Product as described. Fast shipping.
RKCH8K2Q2BQAM	5.0	Ipad mini 3	0	0	A great item at a good price, thanks
R52LIYTEE6TD9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Its awesome my 4 year old loves it..
RGHL2PKZL14WZ	5.0	Definitely my daughter's FAVORITE Christmas gift	1	2	Definitely my daughter's FAVORITE Christmas gift! You should have heard her scream when she saw it Christmas morning! She sounded like she'd won an Oscar! Happy New Year!
R4ZMTC098TLNJ	5.0	Great product!	0	0	Arrived as promised. Great product!
RPCSNY1ER335X	5.0	LOVE IT!	0	0	It's an Ipad, How can you go wrong!
R1N8KCYG2YAHQZ	5.0	perfect size, beautiful	0	0	Quick, perfect size,beautiful color
R13DZBCMQWQADM	5.0	Missing part!	0	0	Unfortunately the cord was missing.
R1HX4CV6FUAE7J	5.0	Great product. Just what I wanted	0	0	Great product. Just what I wanted.
R3AJZ4VEYNPK6B	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Cool
R1BMA233L0Y035	5.0	Must buy	0	0	I'm very happy with this purchase.
R2U1J1EGXN1V3Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love my iPad. I use it everyday.
R2ZU5WIS5KTK6G	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was received fast and I love it
R1C9XEHCUHK96R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect. Delivered right on time!
R2AB3E41OLOI6F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love my ipad mini 3 with Touch ID
RZ9N13NC9F7BC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works in Venezuela with Movistar.
RLECVN4HJAZ18	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Beautiful and good quality case!
R1YK429PJEX54L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice service, excellent quality.
RBCJ5G8ZM8HGD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Everything was perfect and fast.
R3BY9S6KI7QSF7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Met and exceeded my expectations
R1MY3GMQ1JPT4F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Ever Quick Service & A Nice IPad
R3L67EF0FHMAVH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product. Perfect packaging
R1ZKU7F842OKEY	5.0	Perfect for	0	0	Enjoying my iPad. Perfect for me
RPWKPQ27DX63F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love apple n all their products
R2JC1PUGJO1JZQ	5.0	Its good product!	0	0	Thanks you. Its good product !!
RJI6XB6VKAP4A	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	So nice, my sister loved it !!!
R284RL6ZF0D89Q	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome product. Fast delivery.
R2EXA5B4EG7MDW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	as always apple is the best !!!
R1AHZ30TQC83PJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I'm Happy with my iPad mini 3.
RE9XIN1T2SPYD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great deal very good condition
R28YLLDGDI4CFG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent seller love my ipad!
R2XBWCYB26CP43	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Handy product - vert versatile
R2SFZJZKWIFT33	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent delivery and product
R2T8BA0FG8ZQX4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was a gift and she loved it
R3E777NQHOQTKH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good and delivery was on tome
R1TAZ9AV3W1N9R	5.0	good seller	0	0	Expected product, good seller
R3ODJWMEG2MT3Q	5.0	Love the IPad!!!	0	0	My wife loves her new IPad!!!
R2F1I1RY9CHPLF	5.0	Excellent	0	0	Great device. Works perfect!
R1OQ2IO9RWJDXH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Product! As described.
R2M4RWPIBEVRVN	5.0	Good deal,	0	0	Fast delivery and good deal!
R1OIIR85N82S9Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love this...very easy to use
R1L8EFRQ2Z0E4P	5.0	great product	0	0	fast shipping, great product
R18CY3PL4Z8UTI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	she love it, then I love it.
R2C76YEX1B7VA4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Like any apple product great
R3M0I18SRAJB1Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	so fast and it is very good.
R1S0WCZMWBAZY1	5.0	WOW!!	0	0	It's like a miniature Ipad!!
R1J8UGSR7WY37W	5.0	I love my new Ipad mini 3	1	2	The name Apple Ipad Mini speaks for it's self. Excellent product and no complaints here. Very pleased as usual with my product.
R3ERJ9IOV3PH7F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great! Love my mini!!
R1BA1WJR6J9HR8	5.0	Great product	0	0	Love it! And fast shipping!
R2Z2RI7ZJT8YZA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product, great price
R3F28UJCSA2TEJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great price! Fast shipping!
RSNFXAO46AGO3	5.0	iPad	0	0	Here very quick and perfect
R2GXIQUM9S3666	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome!!
R3NGX2APGZ97CF	5.0	Apple Wins Again	0	0	This is a wonderful device!
R14BJWF5DTF4TE	5.0	Buy it	0	0	What can you say it's Apple
R3BA127T1FTWXI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I like it. It is very good.
R3TSNGBRNKTO34	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Easy to handle lightweight!
RIY0FI4RC9Z5L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great price and I love it.
R1J2XZN4WAKA8A	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good price. Does the job.
R2997IH22BJ1IG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Thoroughly enjoy this ipad
R2A8F9WP96TN4F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	No surprise Apple product.
R19FZMCEYTBPFA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product. Excellent.
R2TBPXRJFMUI90	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great price fast shipping
R1WJQZDZA526UU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great gift for my mother!
R1K8BSTSKKLP53	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fast shipping super price
R2ZZ3HJZQORHVA	5.0	Satisfied customer	0	0	im loving my iPad mini 3.
RAEKFHG3JS40N	5.0	so good.	0	0	A++++++++++ item.so good.
R2D6FWKK6E24AS	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Charger was iffy working
R16EGEM7WDDF5L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exactly what I expected!
RUMVE0DH3LH7W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was just as described
R1RXALY8KY4FW1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Happy with this purchase
R286YKL32ZI89I	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it; very convenient
R3SU8BQFAHJDOT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very happy with purchase
R2E0XGZHD6KE57	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great price! Love it!!
RIELHNLT08VGO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Need I say more! iPad M
R1G5ETXTA1PL1S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	pricey, but doing great
R2N52IDF7MKN98	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love this iPad mini 3
R2563A17NTLTIU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome it work Great!!
R24UKP4R0W3LDK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Apple Mini IPad is best
R1LP6G01SCQDGK	5.0	Worth the money!	0	0	My daughter loves this!
R5RGL0C58WJMK	5.0	Not too big, not too small	0	0	Best mini on the market
R140GMQA8Z1ILK	5.0	This was a gift to my husband. He loves ...	1	2	This was a gift to my husband. He loves it. I may have to sue now for alienation of affection. Sigh. ;-}
R104UHVBZRH8M3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It is really very good
RHJ8CMKDZ1DGA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	we absolutely love it!
RB1SSHGYKKAST	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My daughter loves it!
R2ABFBRPKDBT47	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great pad easy to use
R1AVQYLQHZ1EFR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great arrived on time
R16TG9SLHORTBL	5.0	its apple	0	0	its an app product,.,
RHMFJN4Z94AIZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	wife thinks its great
R1OCGWBQ7RPLTI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great job all around.
RA2G94MCYE2KJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect for a college
R2DAS67RD80K7B	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I Love it no problems
RCGOZ9G5DP2L5	5.0	Excellent Purchase!!!	0	0	Excellent Purchase!!!
R1OIAWR6WZ75PL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Came in as described
RFURG6W4XD294	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Brand new! Excellnet
R15IWZZEN7VJI0	5.0	Love it	0	0	Enjoying as we speak
RRK3Y552TFRZS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Wonderful iPad mini!
R26ICOWO2ET6U3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	light weight love it
R15DPC1RQ8F6Q0	5.0	Very happy	0	0	Everything I wanted,
R202KA09N9XK06	5.0	another apple victory !!!	0	0	wonderful tablet !!!
R2UUTVOWXJXNFL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nothing to complain.
R3412O2EF6O2M4	5.0	Excelente!	0	0	Awesome!!! Thanks!!
R2W9CGQXG4YC6R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect I love it !
R14YOJWEXESIK8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's really good!!!
R3BMB2NGT5J1LI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome!!!..Love it
R1GI59G5FQ3DMR	5.0	#MustHave	1	2	#Very slick #NeverBoredAgain #JustWorthIt #MakesReadingEasier #WhatMoreCanYouAskFor
RME3ZXZHXSMUU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Daughter loves it.
R1S4SUJD7QJ0D5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Just what I needed
RV8CWP7QJUBSX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect condition!
R307IH9L8SJ7EZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Absolutely love it
RV5020E5Q4147	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The wife loves it.
RB96MNZK13E7N	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Deal Thanks!
R28UIU8NNBCWR4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excelente producto
R3NG808OE14PZM	5.0	Great product !	0	0	Great product !!!
R3NV7L2IKRFY1M	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very good product
R3A02MNWZ3OZ10	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My girl loves it!
R2PDRIT2PRWCUP	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Love my iPad mini
R3IFZIFLQPPRCW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product
R3LZ7HHCPBZOTR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it very much
R219RR3XUD5O4J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Apple is the best
R2P14LJMCF1I2S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great! I love it
RBAGWZNLQ6FRS	5.0	Awesome product!	0	0	Awesome product!
R1474BI7QIF738	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's nice so far
R3PUQEST7RTL07	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Simply i love it
R2A3M1X3MQVFZ6	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very good device
R9K4O3MPIO3HL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My wife loves it
R22WCMAA6J9ZNT	5.0	just what I needed	0	0	As always great!
R10A1SBX34Q759	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love this device
R2RSZOHXBWCP8N	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love, love, love
R13YCTPYSZK46Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It great prices
R2V5EC1SHABSUX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exellent tablet
R3HFRNZCEGIHOV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	perfect process
R1G05PV0DLJBTQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My sis loves it
RY9F4ZAIQPO68	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent...!!!
RE0HXWUJ6I1OH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent buy!!
R3FD0W73QJU4A1	5.0	Added to all the other apple products we own	0	0	Christmas gift!
R1GX7PA9IYT0GB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	fully satisfied
R2Z01ZN97Z5EK8	1.0	GOT RIPPED OFF	0	1	I bought one back in December of last year and received and iPad mini original instead of an iPad mini 3!!!! So I paid full Price for new hardware when I could have paid way less. I thought maybe it was a 2 because when I got it I knew it lacked Touch ID. Amazon refunded me for that and I went about my way. The devices are very similar but I realized it when iOS 9 came out and there was no split view. Now I feel like not only did I STILL over pay but I got slightly older hardware than I wanted. Love my iPad mini 1 TBH but really disappointed that I paid what I did for it.
R3VL7HC265QQOR	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	I received it on time and in perfect working order. I love it.
R1VGSWYS38EPFX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Everything ok!
R21WNOKD5DMJN5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very satisfied
R2OB87B3S7X9KF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product,
RT5G9Y11GHQR2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love this iPad
REB5YMLSH0B7S	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great product.
R12W70DK2YJZU5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very satisfied
R2X84D9GEKB1QJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Hubby loves it
R2PY8C3CUD4UJD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great pad!!!!!
R2J3FX1Z33WKEA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product.
RFTYTQBC0LVJ0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product!
R23NW1BGCACDC7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Product.
R15TU8F5OT56T6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good recommend
R1HDELEKQP7TNA	5.0	Would recommend this	0	0	Great product!
RAJ969DET564P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Products
R62NXJ54JU3Q	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	A gift for my 11 year old grandson. He absolutely loves it!
R19J9A6XO7E3PX	1.0	One Star	0	0	IT WAS A GIFT
R2BTBMJSGZC4K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product
R2X6X207FLKYB0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Everything OK
R1DCEY4S4HWRF5	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Received well
RDXGAHOROCV1J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	As advertised
RKEE11GJILMPG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good product!
R3PXNW3PSFN6J5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Product
R28NKEE74JXENJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My precious!!
R3BL6SALW3LV8W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome iPad!
R3EMOJK9SGSA4P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Like the size
R2GVOCBKOMTCU9	1.0	One Star	1	2	Didn't know it was refurbished and it's still defected!
R2AHS11Z2VM4JE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice product
R35NJ4Y56PNE8E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good product
RW2MEWU9NFEEW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it !!
RBZE481QIWCHH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was great
RH4XBAPFDZFY6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very handy!!
R3JF2JXPJHQ1F5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Is very good
R3LHJ338PEF16M	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Is very good
R2D0QEJJFL0SD6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent!!!
R34RZ08550BA1O	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	No problems-
R362JUP8CUVVFY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	LOVE IT!!!!!
R2CZDH9X1E30CI	4.0	Four Stars	1	2	It's a very good iPad. Bought it for my grandson
R1J9SIHI5CEE5L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good tablet
RV3XB5JXDMZMV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great value
RAZ5F3MISZAP7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	as expected
RJXL4I13NEPKR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Outstanding
R1J7GYXQX9FSUX	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	great price
R38KOQR1Q4ZDU4	5.0	Very pleased with	1	2	Item as described. Very pleased with purchase
RVNQO1RKW7R2K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it!
R1XCBSHHNH9KHF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's good!
R1ULNYM2EN70V4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!!!
R2SV3BFNOAQBG1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent!
RZJOI16AR2X6T	5.0	Excellent.	0	0	Excellent.
RRIBESY7GKQS6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it!
RY1CQIZ9KQ524	5.0	Very good	0	0	Very Good.
R11DT3ZY10SK3G	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Amazing!!!
R6QF17ZZIKACX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great sale
R1X23MZHQWLVYI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Work great
R36M0PFYHDQJLI	5.0	I Love it!	0	0	I Love it!
R2GPVGVRKSPMBU	5.0	Great	0	0	Great iPad
R120ZA2BW4LP2Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good price
R1AC2BY98UFOLB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent.
RH4FMLXO9J0WH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Brand new!
RLLPCSO0R734Y	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Extraordinary quality product and services
R2BZWS7XRTSTOS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I Like It
RIZQC0B0DPVFL	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good
R20HA42EAPYKWF	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	all right
R1USG1K3O6WZC5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good
R35MGS90S7N4X2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Satisfied
R1SFY8UUZGWSYE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fantastic
RVG5DLQ7S8E7R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R31K6PMA0FFRU9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good
R2VMX35DHNAVDR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1AN5ZIC6NXAV9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent
R1OYNMC29H4TMY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelent!
R2Y96OVMIJ0713	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I LOVE IT
R2BC350GNX7YVV	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	wonderful
R106P53FGILQEB	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Very good
R11E1X2JS0DXPT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1TNHGQ4DK5H01	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good
R31D6G096G4SGS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1VUWTXFDBP4BP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great buy
R3H1SN8V4BBNY6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it
R29RVAAZNS1FCX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very goog
R1RH9BFPNHCDN6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R3TAUO0K7JDMU3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R2S1AOWMLKVDZZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
R1M31G71QTRUT	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Real çool
R329Z9HIIZYCAN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
RG6LNAGOGCIAT	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	good one
RP7NHOUUB3P0W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	AAA+++++
R3O410RJH38A97	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R1LVXPLOQS89ZX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R1IKH3WPVZRT57	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Amazing!
R1I9JLUX1RSU57	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R2E6AO2S8J51GV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	its good
R1E7FSDUVAJ03J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect!
R11M8I5AF4LSY2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	All good
R28RZBUD158476	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome!
R1WJY4UB75Y9XX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome!
R1BWIO4R69F1PY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Amazing!
R2S4088E0UCGKB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The best
RONULKJNMAT9	5.0	Awesome!	0	0	Awesome!
R14EITVE11ND2E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good one
RHG2NXN38HYKS	4.0	apple	0	0	Good one
R28UPZ8LASMPWS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect!
R1C6E50VLOA6AF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
RBVIKVIZMLGI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
RBFOVDAMUSCQM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R22826RU63WVI5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R1FONIFPJZSH62	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	AAAA++++
R1JY9198A4XUN2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	thank yo
R2GYQC0146M6AD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R1D8NEHRZCKZO5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome!
R1JVUEX48WTO37	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect.
R39E7L3214GNGF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excelent
R31YDDSECCEI1P	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	EXCELENT
R3NCO86QV227KJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it!
R1OXX5QXFG88SM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect!
RK5IYYF3CKC5A	5.0	Best Ipad yet	1	2	Believe the hype. Best Ipad yet.
R2S5ORTVCBQPVE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R2AQN2V6B9T2SN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
RUUPG16I51K8Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Prefect
R38IN6SIHJYLQV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
RDRBA2EQ1733	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R2MLVNH1RMYLVY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R3A0Z47WWM2CC3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R1Q3EDFMX050F9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R15ZBIE5XR38W0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect
R1OSSNLRPMEBGZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice!!!
R1COC5I6ZJO6KS	1.0	Real value < $240	40	66	This is the first Apple tablet I bought. Unlike the iPhone 6 and 6 plus, the fingerprint sensor has been 88% accurate. Even on top of the manufacturer provided screen protector. However, it did not produce any additional value than the computers and devices I already have. With all the buzz and marketing articles, I am surprised to believe that consumers are still buying more tablets than Intel PCs. iOS 8 as a whole is not comparable to Android 4.4.4. Lots of things on iOS 8 have matched up to the Android version 1 year ago. The iPad mini 3 is comparable to Nexus 7 2013. On the apps side, there are about 5 to 10 times less free apps per category (File management, System tools, keyboards). The Swift key app fails to swype right out of installation and configuration although it worked on iPhone 6, 6 plus. That was frustrating. Nexus 7 2013 has swype right out of the box. The Youtube app proved to get stuck and sticky when you scroll the progress bar. I tested my internet and the same Youtube content on a different device. It was the app's problem but I'm surprised that the app's quality could be this bad. Play store and App store probably have the same amount of apps for users. But in App store, most apps are paid apps (sure, Apple wants your money of 30% cut). I could only find 1 free file manage app that mounts to my Windows share for watching a video. On Android, there are many more free apps but some may have bugs. Apple does not have control over the pricing of the apps but are you really interested in buying into those apps by saving on lunch bills? I expected the sound volume to be louder than HTC one m8's and my LG G3's. It turned out to be slightly less than LG G3's and a lot less than the boomsound of HTC's. I tested it when I took a shower. I rather just use my LG G3. Finally it comes down to pricing. Nokia just announced its Intel Atom based N1 tablet ready to ship before end of February 2015. It has similar specifications but priced at $240. Both are manufactured by FoxConn. It's fair to assume Apple took at least $160 from the $400 price tag. So I returned it Apple store and got my $400 + tax back
R1QSLHU8K5FQKT	2.0	I had a terrible time getting it set up and now	0	1	I had a terrible time getting it set up and now, my big apple I Pad has everything in the cloud and I can't get it into my mini which is useless to me now. I have had an apple I Pad for years. I don't know what to do. Betty Bartqon
R2AD912MPAH982	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Good Price, Fast Shipping
R3EH9GR2MVYC7J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great!
R2ASGJJ00Y2DS4	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	good !
R3VJ5XABT8NQWT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good:)
R1HGWCNWZNOTTQ	2.0	The seller sold as cellular; But every time I ...	3	6	The seller sold as cellular; But every time I power up or change anything I get an error message that says no sims card installed. I have some working knowledge of computers but I admit that the problem could be me, However I have attempted to contact the seller on two occassions and all I got was an automated response saying he got my email. That is what bothers me.
R1J0LMO82YISVG	5.0	know one seem to mention this.	0	1	I have the Ipad mini 2 and it is great. I also have the mini 3. reason being I needed that 128gb. something the two doesn't have. it only goes up to 64gb. I need more space for movies games exe.
R3H13W5GBC7G89	5.0	Great	0	0	Great
RJ78FW2M3X5WF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awsum
R1ELMAHWPAFW0R	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great
RGT60DW67SVSQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good!
R2F2TL2D9FZFEX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great
R2H9CS0ZZX0400	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Nice!
R4VLXGLJ013WI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great
R342HPWV32DYX9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great
R1I1UQ4GX7YI7C	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Grate
R1F94TBTHP2QUA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Chffh
R2WUWLBK0T3OZD	5.0	good	0	0	Nice！
R19XD5SJLUZ9BT	5.0	Looks great and Handles well!	0	1	I must say, this item came quickly and on time! I love it! I could not be any happier! I have nothing awful to say about this product! Another Great item sold on Amazon! Go purchase!
RF50RQ6UN1H6F	5.0	but came nearly perfect condition. Even Apple's warranty status shows that product ...	0	1	Bought as used at significant discount, but came nearly perfect condition. Even Apple's warranty status shows that product was only a couple weeks old.
RBSB9M79YP635	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fine
R1N95TRTSOUKQU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R1O7PQRIXQBCU8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	NIce
RPPJZM16AXNA	5.0	godd	0	0	good
RZQV5Q7AMFX68	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	nice
RSWZIQJ2X1SFS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R2CY0DZ7OL29W9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
RUTLWU2VZICH4	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice
R1YAWFCN3XI6SU	5.0	She loves it!	0	0	Gift
R30VZ5RNI3MON7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fine
R30GOFG7HB6RWV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R2UL5HMEH5COTO	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Nice
R3PBULXFPZNJIN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R24XJ52YVHSYP	3.0	Three Stars	0	0	good
RIVPF3D3QITFJ	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	nice
R2914APPOOS282	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R2N819I7O606BP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good
R365YIE69EITA9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R69YU6JJTHPJ2	5.0	I love it.	0	1	I love it... I'm still learning how to use it.... my daughter is the pro and love apple products. when I have a question she helps me.
R15EXQHAO730KU	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Great product.
RQ6LOGKTFQ6G7	5.0	Ipad Mini is Great!	0	1	Been wanting an ipad but the larger ipad is too big for me. This little guy is perfect for reading in bed or cooking in the kitchen!
R2RMWK4F327FAP	2.0	It works fine. It is not the gold and I dont ...	0	1	It works fine. It is not the gold and I dont know if it is the newest version. In any event it is not what I ordered
R1NJVDLUY4NTGF	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Exceptional.
R190R37MHESL8J	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	A++
R3NXQMFCON969N	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	As expected, Apple delivers once again!!!! I'm impressed although my expectations were extremely high.
R1RWHKNIMAXL1L	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Excellent!
R2AZH8IF6QDR5S	5.0	showed up on time and was brand new. I ...	0	1	showed up on time and was brand new. I got to take the plastic off the box and everything.
R3W188ZYSVFSHG	5.0	excellent	1	2	Excellent
RQ07KD7SPKDFF	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	i love it
R3LBE5J9QUJXQK	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	My wife is very happy with her new I Pad mini, and I liked the deal and service
RKFYF0O3IW4EX	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Love it!
R1M7Y7FT9YDC4O	4.0	Four Stars	2	4	comes unlocked to any carrier
R26KT0DQAISZKJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Ok
R1IRQLMR0UWSBX	5.0	... purchased this item for my grand-son who is extremely happy with it	0	1	I purchased this item for my grand-son who is extremely happy with it.
R2KTJ35D4VMC35	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	There are still a few things that I do not understand
RBYFYL8Y5Z1XR	5.0	Love it!	0	1	Item as described. Delivered when promised. Love it!
R2JD11L3R1O6UY	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I love it's convenience and bright screen!
R10YX8BD7THARH	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great item and fast shipping. Thank you!
R3OA2L4JBQ3B7O	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Bought it for my husband. He loves it.
RGIRCX46DAIA6	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	I gave it as a gift and she loves it.
R2AVKFIBBO1HI7	5.0	I Pad Mini 3	0	1	This I Pad Mini met my expectations!
R2CCMLKB44CASU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Gave it to my wife and she loved it!
R4LCBHE843EXR	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	
R1OISUM8GKVS79	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Fast shipping. Everything was Ok.
R1EMKEIYQRYFUB	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Amazing perfect small but useful!
R3FA7NKTTPYXBQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Very happy with the performance
R8BUWZ8C5CGST	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	it does not come with headset!
R1A13KUYH0JY18	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	My first iPad and it's great
R2O867RJRUI8ZG	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	My sister love her mini pad.
R4BLSWCHPHSFQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Very happy, will buy again!
R16BIT72J9U5W6	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Excellent, arrived on time.
R3IZ6EYDNC8B3O	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great tablet! Easy to use
R1EWRCSREBI54C	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Apple fan... don't ask!!!
R1WTNJP139EZWZ	3.0	Not so great.	0	1	Tgoo tiny of a screen.
RYPHUEWL0ZIC	5.0	The Apple iPad mini 3 is Awesome	1	3	Bought this for my husband for his birthday last month, he LOVES it!
R28BBQXK7Q4YOS	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	The iPad is very good
R83HXISUUSWAZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	The best tablet ever
R1GVF13HZ6W242	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Fast and accurate.
RD71JEZZRLVXD	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Awesome product!
R2INMEYTAYSLJN	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	All that i think
RWHIEU802HP5G	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Very impressive
RKGU56QR7SBD7	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	nice little toy
R3UIJVPSYDFEKF	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great product.
R1XNP1FYNKMOQO	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Use very good
R1EL5G7SCR2IF5	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	I am so happy to have this iPad mini.
R35AIYOVAKWBRZ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	works great
R3TD46JFV9AHOU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I love it!
R3BA6XRKZ89JA3	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Goooooood
R35P2XWLEPQOMP	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Its Great
R1EEI20VZG7ISF	5.0	very good	0	1	very good
RMUWWTJSQIO0X	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Excellent
R2C3015KIPQRT6	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Very good
R2XPE2RLHOFPYB	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Love it!
R31ITOQ2Q7SWAN	5.0	Review new ipad	0	1	Nice!!!!
R30LRBF43S4PXJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Perfect
R29Q0ELZ662SFX	1.0	This was a bad choice	0	2	The iPad I purchased as new came preloaded with Version cellular, which I can not activate, so I paid extra for wi-fi and cellular and I can only use wi-fi
R2YGIV0ZWFPQI6	3.0	Not a fan of Apple	0	2	Not a big fan of Apple products, they are too expensive and no manual to get started if you have not used there products before.
R3G9JNZVZCXAKM	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	giid
R26M9V4RE1ZQGU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	nice
R2VVQZ1GOD415N	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Good
R2G27NWT69RE7	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Nice
R1ON6K3DZ3JNMU	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Nice
R16D1ZTZM1FR5O	5.0	Perfect purchase	0	2	Delivered on time, perfect. This was a new iPad to replace my original.
RR4RSJIMB9E0K	2.0	Relatively: The screen quality is absolute garbage compared to a Galaxy AMOLED	2	6	The screen is absolute crap. The contrast, color saturation, rgb ....everything is just rubbish. Look at PhoneAreana/Google if you don't believe me. I got the 16gb and it's a joke, it's actually 12gb with the ios, it's constantly asking me to delete, delete. I'm spoiled, not by this trust me, I have this and the Samsung galaxy S 8.4. That Samsung is worth way more than this thing. Pluses: It's got really good specs for something in the....Not Apple.... $175 range.
R13L9ATUKPBHGJ	3.0	Three Stars	0	2	incorrect device and has a hairline fracture, but it works.
R4CQ3RQP0K3CY	5.0	Best Tab	0	2	Worth Spending Money , "A Best Tablet Of All time "
R1EA3IL9UVPPGL	2.0	Two Stars	1	4	need more especifications for de celular use. i can not use de celular calls. iam disapoinment very upset
R199DYR9HX4PJN	5.0	Great Christmas gift	0	2	My wife loves it. Great Christmas gift.
R21ALKMT2PX9NW	4.0	Four Stars	0	2	My wife is happy.......
R3PM0KO6V0DRWB	1.0	poor showing for apple ipad mini 3	2	6	locked me out after first entry and then with apples help could not be corrected. too sensitive security. sent it back.
R3PQXRHMIS1M57	5.0	Five Stars	1	4	So cool. I love it so much !it is so much fun!
R1PBLLQQRRDFF2	1.0	I bought an Ipad with 64 gb but I received ...	2	6	I bought an Ipad with 64 gb but I received an Ipad with 16 gb,I need to fix it as soon as possible.
R1P9VJ9MJ3P8CR	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Amazing,perfect!!
RFTEMD5JDV5MV	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Perfect product!
R2LB6E66G3SQNU	2.0	Unacceptable text size. Buyers beware!	0	3	The screen text sizes are so small that this is almost worthless compared to a say 2008 Mac Book 13" despite retina display, etc. Buyers Beware! I'd far rather have a old bigger machine with a keyboard and the smaller size is vastly overrated! I own a LOT of Mac Book Pros. This mini is a VERY questionable device. Also the learning curve is STUPID!
R3TMLHVE4LTWCR	1.0	wrong color	2	6	Was suppose to recieve silver recieve space grey in shipment.
R31HF8FSNE5F2W	3.0	Three Stars	0	2	He loved it
R19ZG7YIGJNYLT	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Great!
R2B7DDBA3VL9KU	2.0	Two Stars	1	4	It is great
R3OTEP2ITY2F91	1.0	One Star	4	10	It worked for an hour, then stopped working! This needs to be replaced. What is the procedure?
RPLZQXD1LEZ61	1.0	One Star	3	8	Unit is not in working condition
R1PIPMS1TMLVTK	1.0	All of a sudden my Ipad is not turning on ...	0	3	All of a sudden my Ipad is not turning on and I can not find out how to contact you!
R3801ZP64BH5XU	4.0	Four Stars	0	3	It's an I Pad. Big Whoop.
R3G962VMVHJTH6	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Excelent!!
RBXUGSUPA67ND	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	I love it
R3FJK1QMBCFO4V	1.0	It can't load web pages. I've done side-by-side comparisons ...	10	24	It can't load web pages. I've done side-by-side comparisons with an original iPad and an iPhone. The iPad mini basically will never load a web page. It's a $350 paperweight.
R1VZ1CI9TZ7BVN	1.0	One Star	2	8	Never by this item
R32GQXEAOAIFS2	1.0	It has been a big disappointment! NO INSTRUCTION MANUAL THEREFORE THERE THERE IS VERY ...	4	13	It has been a big disappointment! NO INSTRUCTION MANUAL THEREFORE THERE THERE IS VERY LITTLE BENEFITS FOR ME. (AGE 81)
