R1F973XUQW2G00	5.0	As good as new, but at a better price	96	97	First, just to quell my fellow skeptics out there wondering if this tablet (when purchased from KLAMP Electronics) is actually refurbished but Samsung and factory sealed/boxed, in very happy to say that it is. And man, they did a hell of a job refurbishing. I couldn't find a flaw anywhere on the exterior of my tablet and they even added the little plastic film around the edges to prevent the shiny aluminum-looking trim from getting scratched. The tablet really is basically brand new, so the $210 price tag on a device that retails for $400 is insanely good. As for performance, well the quad core snapdragon 800 and 2GB of RAM don't disappoint; apps open quick, run quick, and I've yet to experience any slowdowns in performance, except when using the dual window mode, and even then the stutters were minor. The Flipboard integration and TouchWiz overlay weren't really to my taste at all (my last tablet was 2012 Nexus 7 and my phone is a Moto G, so I rather prefer the stock Android person and look), but installing the Google Now launcher brings everything pretty much in line and now there's none of the Samsung clutter. That being said, I don't recall the TouchWiz "optimizations" slowing performance down at all, so if you like them you'll probably enjoy the modified UI with very few hiccups. As for the hardware, it's gorgeous. The screen really is terrific. 2560x1600 pixels packed into an 8.4 inch screen makes for spectacular images, video, and text is oh so very crisp. Viewing angles and screen brightness are also top notch, and the latter means the tablet can easily be used outside in direct sunlight. My one gripe is perhaps that the auto brightness rarely dims things down enough for my preference, but it's hardly a deal breaker and very easy to adjust given the setting can be pinned to the pull down notification drawer. Everything else is pretty standard Samsung fare--plastic build, but very solid and premium feeling. The faux leather back is actually not tacky looking at (at least in black) and provides good grip while adding some premium feel and style. I honestly didn't think I'd like it, but as soon as I saw/felt it I was sold. It looks much nicer and less gaudy than the dimpled faux leather on the S5 and Galaxy Tab S series (seriously, what is that stuff about) as a reference point, so I count myself lucky in that regard. Overall, really nice tablet with just about all the premium specs and features one could ask for. My girlfriend has an iPad Mini and I've never once felt even mildly envious. My screen is nicer than the " Retina Display " (i.e. more pixel dense and consequently more crisp) and Android 4.4 with the stock launcher is every bit as nice looking and feature rich as iOS. Performance on my G Tab is also easily on par (if not slightly better in daily us, with useful features like the dual window mode) and the industrial design is equally attractive, albeit different in aesthetics. Oh, right, and I paid about 200 bucks less, so there's that.
R291P0B8B1MLJM	5.0	The Best Tablet for $200	39	41	Pros -Like new condition -High end hardware -Beautiful display -Extremely Good Build Quality -IR Blaster (Works as Universal Remote) Cons -No Android 5.0 Lollipop (Yet) -Design is on the cheap side -Touchwiz is Awful (Easily Fixed) -Only 90 day warranty My Nexus 7 2nd Gen was getting old. After having it for almost two years, I felt the need to upgrade to a larger tablet. However, good quality tablets are hard to come by for less than $300. Imagine my surprise for finding this tablet at $209 (at the time of this writing). At first I was skeptical since I almost always buy my products new when they are on sale, if possible. Refurbished gave me the illusion that someone returned it or it was broken, so I did have reason to be suspicious. However, after getting it, I couldn't be happier -Design- Anyone who has at least some knowledge of the name Samsung has, at one point or another, seen the design of the Galaxy S phones and tablets. This one doesn't do anything to change that image. Samsung has keep this design over the years that it almost feels generic. Luckily, this tablet does feel premium. The screen is Gorilla Glass 3, which makes it scratch resistant. The touch keys are sensitive enough and responsive and even the home button feels premium. The edge around the tablet feels and looks like metal and all your usual ports are here, such as headphone jack, SD card, volume and power buttons, and micro USB port. The front of the display is a color that is between black and gray, giving it more of a premium look and feel compared to the typical generic black found on other devices. My only criticism of Samsung will have to be the back side of the device. They tried to go for the faux leather look and feel and while it does improves the feel of the tablet, it also cheapens the look. The leather like texture adds grip to the device, but the fake leather stitching cheapens the design. This can't really compare to the simple and luxurious aluminum look of the iPad, but the build quality makes up for it. Overall, this does come across as a premium tablet. -Performance- Here's where all the good news from this tablet comes it. It has 2GB of RAM, a Snapdragon 800 chip, a extremely sharp and beautiful 2560 x 1600 display (359 PPI), an IR Blaster, 8MP camera, Android 4.4.2 and 16 GB of storage (expandable via microSD card). For starters, the screen is beautiful. the pixel density is more than the iPad Air 2 (359 PPI vs 224 PPI) and the color accuracy is spot on. Menus flow fluidly and everything works stutter free. When playing demanding games like Dead Trigger 2 and Real Racing 3, the tablet flows smoothly without any sign of trouble. That Snapdragon chip manages to hold everything well together. And while the on screen keyboard will never replace a physical keyboard, it is good enough to make some last minute additions or edits to work documents or emails. The IR Blaster works as promised and it connected to my Panasonic Plasma TV and my Panasonic Blu-Ray Player without any problems. The camera is good for a tablet, but it’s still not as good as a dedicated camera or even a flagship phone camera. But if you need to take an emergency picture, it’s good enough. -Software- On the software side, it’s a mixed bag. For the most part, the OnApp Universal Remote as well as the home screen design is good. The split screen works smoothly most of the time, despite supporting only a handful of apps. The notification panel is useful for quick setting. The widgets can be useful for those who are into those types of things (I’m not one of those people). On the other hand, the bloatware that is added to it can be annoying. For some reason, Samsung adds a second browser, second music player, second video app, and even a second app store. Furthermore, they can’t be uninstalled, which is a shame because they can probably add more storage space if removed. Touchwiz still looks to be awful in terms of design and performance. It doesn't look nice and I feel that the software could’ve been lightning fast if they had stuck to stock Android. Luckily, it's easily fixed by installing another launcher (I have Google Now Launcher). However, one of the things that I’m happy they added is the ability to move apps to the SD Card. If you are unaware of this important feature, let me give you a bit of context. When devices moved to Android 4.4.2, the software disabled the ability for apps to go to the SD card (for security). What this means is that it rendered SD cards almost useless. Samsung, however, has allowed for apps to be moved to SD Card (provided the developer of the app allows it. It’s not perfect, since it won’t do it automatically and all compatible apps have to be moved manually. But it is a solution that does make it stand out (until Lollipop becomes more available to more devices). Despite the bloatware, this still continues to have good software and the Play Store allows you to install whatever it is you need or want. -Conclusion- This tablet is really good. It’s not perfect, but it does come close. Competition? Well the nVidia Shield Tablet still continues to be more powerful and it has the latest Android 5.0. But it’s $100 more and this one doesn't actually feel slow. I’m sure that extra power won’t matter to the average user. The Nexus 7 (2013) still is the cheapest way to get the latest Android, but its $30 more, doesn't come with expandable storage, and the screen isn't as beautiful as this. If this tablet was still at the MSRP of $399, I wouldn't recommend it. But for $200 in what is basically a new tablet, I’d buy it in a heartbeat. If you are on the fence whether to buy it or not, take the leap of faith and buy it while it’s still available. -Cyanogenmod (EDIT 6/2/2015)- For the tech people that shop on Amazon (me being one of them), I can confirm that Cyanogenmod 12 works perfectly with this tablet. It speeds up the tablet by a lot and the battery life has noticeably improved. There are a few bugs, such as the display flickerly slightly when using the Play Store (barely noticeable) and the keys at the bottom always on constantly when the screen is being used. Other than that, it should improve and is the perfect tablet for those who want to install the latest and greatest version of Android 5.0 Lollipop. -Cyanogenmod (EDIT 10/1/2015)- As of the latest build, there are basically no bugs to report on Cyanogenmod 12. Everything works just as it suppose to work with no more flickering on the display and no apps crashing. Only criticism on my part is that the persistent search bar is still small and isn't resized for the size of the display. But this is mostly an aesthetic problem and everything works. So if you were on the fence about installing Cyanogenmod over the stock Touchwiz, this is the perfect moment to jump onboard.
RNDUUK3645QBI	5.0	Tab 8.4 Pro is a good buy.	35	37	I've been using the 8.4 Tab Pro (refurbished) for a month and really like it. It's lightweight, has a beautiful display, great sound, and is fast. In addition to the normal tablet functions, Chrome browser lets me do most of the things I do on my laptop. I also use it next to my laptop to stream movies and live TV (Cox Contour) while I'm doing something else on the laptop. Google Nav works smoothly with the built in GPS. I also have a Fire HD, and most of the apps I've been using on it installed without problems on the Tab. The only negative is that the Tab doesn't support the Amazon Prime movie app. Seems odd that Amazon would not support a popular product like the Samsung Tab.
R2BDUS6ZZNJSWN	4.0	A great tablet, a great deal.	37	41	I really like this tablet; I've had a Google Nexus 7, and this is better in many ways. A few points: 1, The screen is just a delight! Wonderfully crisp, and can be amazingly bright (I have it turned waaay down to below 25% generally). Books, videos, movies...WOW! 2. The Samsung overlay on Android is fine, and the second window/multi-tasking thing works...which is nice! 3. Everything works as expected, including the micro-sd card slot...which was a big sales point for me. However, I have already found apps that do not seem to know the sd card is there (BSPlayer, for example). But other movie players (MXPlayer, eg.) are fine with the SD card. 4. The size/format of the tablet is great...just exactly as big as I can comfortably hold. The fake leather back is a nice, less-slick backing, and looks fine. 5. Battery life: Haven't stressed it yet, but it would appear to be "adequate", as others have said: Will probably last 6-8 hours of heavy use. That's it for now: SUMMARY is that this is a great tablet, and at the refurb price it is/was a terrific deal!
RHSBC2RX0IT5L	5.0	I feel like I stole it...	18	19	When I laid eyes upon this deal, I didn't hesitate. At that price, even the touchwiz haters can see the value vs quality. Factory refurb is practically factory fresh. When the tablet arrived, I inspected every inch to check for scratches or wear. -no wear or tear -no scuffs -no scratches -no dirt or dust -screen was spotless -no stiff or stuck buttons I also fired it up right at the mail office to see if I received a dead unit, in case I had to send it back. It started right up, all pixels were working, and the battery was fully charged which is a bonus. The only thing I didn't like was that the charging cord and plug were white. Gross. The refurb unit is black, which is a big reason I bought it. Not really an issue, more of an OCD quirk. Have had it for a few days now. Not a single stutter. 5 stars, recommend to anyone! What a steal.
RXDMSNNPNGLUD	5.0	buy it, you will not regret it	18	20	Love it! Previously owned a monster tablet from Walmart, it was pure junk. Samsung is the way to go, we have never had any problems with any of their electronic products.
RIAIVN2ZMJDRI	2.0	YMMV on the condition of the refurb unit	10	11	This is a great tablet and a great deal at this price. However, your mileage may vary on the condition of the refurbished unit. Mine arrived with three obvious gaps - large enough to stick a fingernail in - between the glass and the silver frame. Seems to be where they pried off the back to do whatever repairs they needed to. The good news - I immediately called Samsung at the number on the 90-day warranty card and they immediately sent me a return label and said they'd repair/replace it. Edit 5/1: The tablet came back looking as good as new. Samsung good, Klamp bad.
RS2HR143PEJV7	5.0	Gorgeous display and fast	6	6	I owned the T-520 10.1 Galaxy Pro in white but sold it when I bought the Asus UX305 Zenbook. I was over tablets as a productivity device and now I love the full functioning Windows on a svelte laptop that has a comparable battery life. However, I realized that as far as reading books on kindle and just basic browsing, it is less than ideal to break out if I’m not editing documents or doing research. So I found this unit on Amazon as a refurb at 229.00! I actually prefer it over the 10.1 Galaxy pro because it is exactly the right size to read emails, read my kindle books, is still a large enough to look at my sheet music, and yet travel with me easily at 11.7 oz. Together with my laptop, they travel together at 3.4 lbs in my bag. That is astounding considering that in the the past a standard laptop alone was at least 5-6 lbs and the battery life was usually abysmal. Essentially the only differences between the 8.4 and the 10.1 is the screen size, the 10.1 has different screen profiles, the bottom firing speakers on the 8.4 as opposed to the side, and the higher ppi of the 8.4. That is due to the fact the Galaxy Pro 8.4 and 10.1 have the same resolution of 2560x1600 but the smaller screen comes in at 359 ppi vs 288 ppi repectively. As a frame of reference the iPad mini is a 7.9 inch screen at 2048 x 1536 pixels for a density of 326 ppi. Aside from the now increasingly diminishing differences in comparing various high resolution screens, the overall impression of this screen is stunning. It is so sharp, so vivid, so detailed that the smallest text is razor sharp and editing photos on this tablet is truly unreal. It is an IPS panel and not an AMOLED like the Galaxy Pro S, but I don’t actually like AMOLED screens because of their garish colors. This one backs up a bit from that but still has sufficient punch in color and contrast. Some might argue that it’s still too punchy, but that is a matter of taste. In overall brightness, I keep it at 50% and even that can be a bit much in the evening. This unit also has a quad core snapdragon 800 2.3 gigahertz and 2 gigabytes of ram. It is fast and smooth. Some complain of hesitation but I have yet to experience that. I also use Dodol as opposed to Touchwiz and it works quite nicely. User customization has always been my reason for shying away from apple products (aside from their high prices). I don’t really care about the camera since I have a real DSLR for photography. The speakers are passable, but if I want real sound I can just connect to my bluetooth speaker and that is that. I got the 16 gigabyte version but with an expandable micro sd card slot up to 64 gigabytes that can be swapped out, additional storage of media and photos can be had for less than $30.00. The battery life isn’t bad at all and although it can’t match the iPad mini’s purported 10 hour battery life, I can hazard to say I get about 7-8 hours. I’m sure there’s a lot of other considerations that weren’t mine when buying this unit. At the original retail price of 399.00, I would probably look more closely at other models for what they offer. However, at $229.00 refurbished, it was a no-brainer for me. I don’t care about the whole Apple/Samsung feud and over-identifying with any product is marketing hypnosis. At this price point I got a really upper tier tablet, and although it is refurbished, it looks brand-new with powerful hardware and a glorious screen. It has a feeling of quality and rests nicely in my hands even though it's plastic as opposed to aluminum. That is what sold me.
R1ORMRIQ2YDZMN	4.0	A Former iPad User	5	5	I never was really a fan of Android tablets and of SamsungTouchiz UI, I have an iPhone 6+ as my phone and previously had the iPad 3rd Gen and iPad mini 1st and 2nd Gen. Having the 6+ I felt the iPad was just a blown up version of the phone. I also was disapointed in the iPad mini's 2nd Gen screen. I also was looking to have different experience from iOS. So how did I end up with this Samsung tablet? With a 4k screen and 2.3Ghz quad core snap dragon processor, all for $220.00 which isd the refurbished price, I was sold on that alone. Having used the Tab Pro for about two weeks now, here are my thoughts. That screen is gorgeous, I'm glad Sammy choose to use an IPS screen instead of the AMOLED. The latter tends to oversaturate colors. This screen has rich, vibrant colors (l'm looking at you iPad Mini 2) that are more true to life. The tablet is speedy, The Simpsons Tapped Out and Family Guy The Quest for Stuff, don't skip a beat. I like the feel of the fans leather at the back and the stiched desgin. It is for this reason I have it put a cover on the tablet. I do have a sleeve for it and tempered glass screen protector. As for Touchwiz, I actually like it, it has a flatter, more unobtrusive design. Having that being said, I would recommend dowloading Nova Launcher as home screen launcher as it allows to still use the handy multi-window feature. I also like Sammy's implementation of multitasking and closing apps. The only two cons I have with this tablet is pressing the home button takes to S voice instead of Google Voice, butt don't get me wrong, S Voice is actually right on par with Siri. Also battery live tends to drain when running graphically intensive stuff, but I'm rarely away from a power source, so not much of an issue there. All things considered, you won't go wrong purchasing thbis tablet, even at full price, it is worth it.
R38C8ZPUHCP37K	5.0	Absolutely FLAWLESS!!	19	24	I am totally blown away by how excellent this deal is. I just received my refurbished GALAXY TAB PRO 8.4 yesterday from amazon and KLAMP electronics.This tablet came in a factory sealed box, looks 100% flawless, and works like BRAND NEW. The speed and display of this tablet are truly awesome. I highly recommend this seller and this deal. If I purchased this exact tablet brand new in a store I could not tell the difference in any way. If your looking for a top of the line tablet and are not sure about buying a refurbished one, don't hesitate a second longer. BUY THIS THING BEFORE THEY ARE GONE!!
R3FE6C6G2C619Q	4.0	Check Warranty Dates Against Serial Number on Refurbished Products!	7	8	I love this tablet! It's responsive, beautiful, and the perfect size for all the different things I use it for. I am having a couple issues, though. Within hours of turning the device on, the screen began randomly going to sleep, and when wakened, wouldn't navigate using the recent/home/back buttons. I contacted Samsung immediately, and after a couple diagnostics, they instructed me to send it in for service (they paid for shipping). I received the tablet back last night, and the issue has not been resolved. I again contacted Samsung, and am sending the tablet in for servicing again today (shipping on them). The second problem I have is with the warranty. It's a 90 day warranty on refurbished products (which I was aware of, and am fine with), but the end date that Samsung has listed for this item is a over a month shorter than the 90 days from my purchase date. I've provided proof of purchase, and they're correcting it, but please be sure to check your purchase date vs warranty expiration date on all refurbished items! Aside from those issues, Samsung support has been great, and I do love the tablet. Hope it can be fixed!
R1XRWR0IDQXJUA	4.0	Great in every way for what you get	4	4	Great in every way for what you get. Mines was almost perfect and packaging was great. The only issue I have is that the screen has a slight flicker issue at lower brightness levels. From what I've read its a software bug that can be fixed with a factory reset, but since it happens so rarely I've decided I would simply increase the brightness to avoid it in future till it becomes unbearable. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for an amazing tablet under $220.
R1YL2W2A9U1NPE	1.0	Last samsung product	6	7	Tablet started acting up just days after the 30day return window - screen glitching, lines through it. lockups, I can't even restart the thing without doing a hard shut down today. Samsung is being a pain on the RMA telling me I'm outside of the warranty period. Now I have to send in a copy of my receipt when I get an email back from the supervisor then I have to wait 2-4wks for a replacement. at least offer up a replacement to be shipped ahead of the RMA with a credit card on backup or something like every other electronic device I've purchased since like 1994. Now I have to go buy a backup tablet locally to do my job while this is out for service. I'll just be selling it on craigslist when I get the replacement. Super poor service. I'll be going back to apple after this. Photo included isn't even the worst. sometimes its so bad you can't see anything on the screen.
R2M46DX7FII3HU	5.0	At first I was a bit hesitant to purchase. ...	4	4	At first I was a bit hesitant to purchase .From the time you see refurbished you have to wonder if this will work. I bought it for my daughter who is in University and so far she has no problems. It came properly packaged and looked brand new when we opened it .She is using it to do her school work instead of walking around with a laptop.
RGHKBEMSH92VK	1.0	Works for 3 days, dies on the fourth	9	11	Well, I would like to say I loved this tablet as soon as I got it, but received a refurbished model that looked and worked great from Tuesday until Friday. On Saturday it died and became a very expensive paperweight.
RXWQKFKQ8V1MJ	1.0	Horrible do not buy very unhappy	4	4	I received the galaxy tab 3 7 inch not the pro 8.4 and now am forced to get a refund not the correct item. Very unhappy with purchase I bought a case and everything tht I can't return so wasted money here.
R2JJ2C5USDE53H	4.0	but the seller was able to replace it pretty quickly. I am happy with the new one	4	4	My battery didn't hold the charge when I received the first one, but the seller was able to replace it pretty quickly. I am happy with the new one. Thanks, Jun
R2XJ2PPY0EHQQV	2.0	Certified Refurbishing needs better QC	3	3	So much for CERTIFIED REFURB! The tablet itself is in very nice physical condition and is fast and pretty fluid in operation. My particular unit was shipped with either a defective camera module or a very bad software glitch because whenever I tried to access the camera it popped up with "Warning Camera Failed", even using third party apps, like instagram. I jumped through hoops with samsung tech support by doing multiple kinds of "Factory Resets" only to be told it will need to be repaired/replaced because the camera is still not functioning. This rating is reflective of this Seller and not of the Tablet itself. Update: Seller has agreed to replace the tablet as for some reason Samsung did not recognize them as an authorized dealer. We'll see what happens with the replacement and I will update this review accordingly.
R1IYNWR5UZF34H	5.0	my new favorite tool	3	3	this device is awesome, it looks like brand new, not a refurb, no scratches, nothing, it performs flawless, I work in IT and I have contact with many devices, Apple, Samsung, BlackBerry, I manage the mobile fleet for the 200+ users company, I do not like iPads at all, I love this Galaxy I bought second one for mt wife in white the size of the screen is just perfect and contrast, brightness and colors is just beyond my expectations, it is packed with pixels and has a lot of processing power, guess what? you can buy micro sd card and expand the external memory, try this with Apple :) will defenitly buy another one for my brother
R1DNABWYGPJ6JS	1.0	did not work	4	4	Product did not work. The battery could not hold a charge and the battery seem to fluctuate at will.
RGWT7GY7A94M3	4.0	Everyone knows that Galaxy tablets to be of good quality, but I would like to say a ...	3	3	Everyone knows that Galaxy tablets to be of good quality, but I would like to say a word about the seller, Klamp Electronics. Without a doubt they are the BEST vendor I have done business with in a long time. I Purchased a refurbished tablet and after months of excellent use, it developed a problem . I contacted the seller, Klamp electronics. They went beyond the realm of necessity to solve my problem. A renewed hope, there are still a few good and decent people left in this corrupt society. THANKS AGAIN Mark,......you're great! Sincerely, JB
RTZYRPOKSJCNR	5.0	I am in LOVE with this tablet	3	3	Was VERY skeptical on ordering a refurbished product for the first time. I am in LOVE with this tablet! runs like a BEAST! Display is amazing, speed at super fast. This tablet is highly recommended, it's all the I use! Unless I'm doing work or extensive tying, I haven't needed my laptop at all. Best of all, you can load almost anything you want into here (like a computer). That's one of my biggest gripes with Apple, HAVE to use iTunes for everything...no thanks! This is waaaay better than an ipad, bar none. Totally worth is so far
R2I6I5S0KOGKFY	5.0	Great deal on a great tablet.	3	3	Awesome Tablet. Perfect size, and the performance is great. The screen looks amazing. I have a Galaxy Note 4 and this tablet screen looks even better than the note4. I never would have known this was refurbished had I not seen it in the listing on Amazon. It came packaged like new and was immaculate.
R2QVL15XKAMHJJ	5.0	Great deal for smart shoppers	2	2	Well I still can't believe how good this deal is. The tablet came packaged in a plain white box sealed with a sticker marking it as refurbished, and there was also a tiny sticker on the back of the tablet saying it was refurbished. Like others have reported, the Samsung-branded charger and USB cord are white. Other than that, there was no evidence at all that it wasn't brand spanking new. Not a scratch or a fingerprint anywhere. The microUSB charging port was so snug, I doubt very seriously that anything had ever been plugged into it before. Same with the earphone jack, it was nice and tight as well. Battery arrived with about 3/4 charge. The LCD display on the Tab Pro 8.4 is absolutely gorgeous. I'm not really a gamer, so I was looking for something to use for a lot of web activities and ebook reading. I had seriously considered the newer Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4, but decided against it after checking one out at the local Best Buy. Although the very saturated colorful AMOLED display on the Tab S 8.4 looks stunning for video, I saw faint color splotching in the white backgrounds of text-based pages. It was subtle, but disconcerting. The Pro's LCD display has the same 2560 x 1600 resolution, but the same type of backgrounds looked perfectly flat white to me -- none of the color splotching I saw on the Tab S display. Regarding the Samsung interface, I've had the S4 phone for quite a while, so I'm already familiar with the TouchWiz launcher. My bias has always been towards a sparser Nexus-like Android interface, but I've gradually gotten accustomed to TouchWiz to where it doesn't really concern me. If I ever change my mind about it, I can easily load another launcher like Nova or Google Now. So I'm happy and have absolutely no regrets about going with this refurbed previous top-of-the-line model for my modest needs. I think it's one of those rare times where I really feel like a smart shopper. If you're considering it, I say go for it!
R3AKFPARH25LYZ	5.0	Great Tablet at a low price!	2	2	I ordered my tablet yesterday, and received it today (one day shipping). The refurbished samsung galaxy tab pro came in a samsung refurbished box, but The tablet looked, felt, and performed as if brand new (no scratches, wear and tear, no weird malfunctioning of the device or it's features---it worked like a brand new tablet so saved myself a lot of money). Included in the box is a little manual, and a charging usb cable. The Galaxy Tab Pro's text is a bit small as it tries to fit so much information into the screen just as a desktop computer would, but that is only a minor issue (if you struggle with reading small text or with your vision this tablet may not be a great pic for you. You might want to look into an LG G Pad). The graphics are great for those who love to watch movies or play games. You aren't actually limited to a 64 GB external microSD card as I have put my 128 GB Micro SD card and it worked perfectly fine (it recognized up to 119 GB out of 128 GB). Opening apps is a breeze, and I love having the ability to open two windows at once so I could watch a video tutorial on youtube, and browse the Web at the same time. The camera is okay at 8 mega pixels in the back, and 2 in the front. Don't expect amazing low light photography or videos (buy yourself a dslr for that), but you can take pretty good pictures outside in the mornings or a place with great lighting (or you know just use an actual camera). Overall the Samung Galaxy Tab Pro is great, and the refurbished version is just as new as the regular so you might as well buy this one :)
R2P8XD005PUUU3	4.0	4 is a great device at a great price	5	6	The TabPRO 8.4 is a great device at a great price. Benchmarks online claimed the Snapdragon processor in the TabPRO 8.4 would outperform the Tab S 8.4, which on e-paper, the TabPRO 8.4 does...but not in real-world use, having used both side by side. The speed difference is not enough to justify dropping the extra cash on the newer Tab S 8.4. Be weary of "Certified Refurbished" models. I had 2 that were still experiencing issues.
R15374T62E2WJC	5.0	best tab for the money	3	3	I love this thing. Super fast. Crazy price considering other tablets in that price range. Even as a refurbished tablet it came brand new looking. Screen is amazing. Amazon.com was fast and accurate. Recommended. ..highly.
R2QWJ4JAFTFMS6	5.0	The display is beautiful. Very happy with purchase	5	6	The tablet came in a Samsung box, and included a charger and micro USB cable. The packaging seemed very professional. The tablet looks brand new, not a mark on it. It arrived fully charged and ready to go. Can not find any defect with it. The battery goes about 10 hours with fairly heavy use. The display is beautiful. Very happy with purchase. Update: Have had the tablet almost six months now and is working great. I use it for email, gaming and video's. Very happy with my purchase.
R1I35OJWVSJD83	5.0	Five Stars	8	10	Excellent product. I bought it two weeks ago from Venezuela and until now I have no issues.
RXQKK14915FVG	5.0	Awesome Tablet!	3	3	Very good piece of technology. The leather back is also very cool, and feels good to hold in your hand. Came with no scratches or scrapes, and in perfect and mint condition. Absolutely dig this tablet!
R5H73U9FM0MZ9	5.0	Pleased With Purchase!	2	2	Very happy with this purchase. Had a Galaxy Tab 2 which this unit is replacing. It is a little smaller, but that is actually fine. It still easy to read. One reason for that is the Hi-Res display. The 2560x1600 display is excellent. I feature that I didn't know about till after purchasing was that this unit includes a flash that also is a full time light when shooting video. With the 8mb camera, photos are excellent as is the video. Won't use it much for that, but having that additional option is great. Even though a refurbished unit, it looked brand new and is functioning perfectly. Only oddity about it was the USB cable and plug in module for the USB are white instead of black. Great price for a unit with these specifications.
R1MTU1WCPKYSVS	5.0	Great tablet at a great price!	2	2	I bought this to replace my Asus tablet. I have had it a week and have not experienced any problems, freezing, or bogging down (so far). I was impressed with the condition of it. There was not even a hint of it being a used/refurbished tablet, other than the sticker on the box. Great price for a fast tablet. The resolution is amazing compared to my Asus. I charged it and immediately checked the headphone jack that a couple reviewers complained about, but it works great. No problems with my microSD card either. I love that I can plug it into a tv using my Samsung MHL adaptor to watch movies while at hotels. You cant beat this tablet for the price.
RTB3UXYJEC3SH	5.0	Great Device - Better performance under the hood than the Tab S 8.4	2	2	Fantastic tablet for the price, although Samsung is not that quick to update devices to the most recent operating system. You can get Lollipop on this device, but you have to be willing to root it - which is not difficult at all. Since people have thier preferences when it comes to electronics, I'll just say that I'm happy with my purchase, and very happy with this seller. And if you are wondering wether this tablet can replace your laptop... it can. Right now I'm typing this review off a bluetooth keyboard connected to my tablet, with a wireless mouse connected to an OTG cable. I haven't used a laptop in weeks now...
R17M49DD5VBEDV	5.0	For those who find the 7-inch screen too small.	2	2	I've got a smartphone with a 5-inch display area. I wanted an Android tablet with a screen that's almost as big as my 10.1" netbook. The tablets with 7" displays are a tad too small, where I feel like I don't gain much over the phone-sized display. This Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro with the 8.4" screen, which I purchased two weeks ago, is the perfect compromise. Much bigger the 7-inch tablets. Fantastic resolution. Great easy-to-use features. Simple to setup out of the box. Small enough to tote around in my gym bag. I love it so far.
R165I8VOQFX4AG	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	Tablets showed up and were in pristine condition! would order more if i needed them.
R2N7PSE15FMSDD	3.0	Nice, but poor battery life playing videos.	2	2	Nice unit. Looked brand new. Worked like brand new, but the battery discharged very rapidly. I charged it a couple times to make sure the problem wasn't battery break-in, but it still discharged fairly quick. I could only get 4 hours of video playback time (non-streaming) with a couple of movies downloaded onto the device. Sent it back for another try, so I'll report back how #2 performs. You would think with a refurb that you'd get a decent battery! Update: Received another unit. The replacement smelled like a whorehouse (old perfume), which was weird. The battery on this unit was about the same.... 4 hours of video playback time. I sent the stinky one back and got another. The battery life of all 3 units I received was about the same. I guess 4 hours of video playback time is the norm for this unit. Overall it's a nice tablet. I'm still not a big fan of Samsung. I wish Google would release a new 7" to 8" tablet with a clean version of Android installed. Loved my Nexus 7 until I loaded Lollipop.
R3L9RSBHX4IGRQ	1.0	Went dead on 4th month, really pissed off.	2	2	I was very happy with this product and used it every day for 4 months until it just died randomly. Put it down on a bed after doing some reading, picked it up again a few hours later and it was dead. No battery light, no response. Really pissed off. Won't buy refurbished products again without a normall warrerty.
R2NC8MQP2OLBF4	1.0	Constant battery issues require pulling off the back and reseating the battery!	4	5	The likely reason this tablet was refurbished is that the battery frequently suddenly dies around 40-50% charge, then won't power back up even when plugged into power. Samsung techs then probably couldn't repro at the time they received the RMA and put it back in the bin for resale. The only way to power it back on is to remove the backing and unplug/replug the battery.
R2BWK8L6ZNKGGT	1.0	After 10 minutes of use product stopped working	4	5	I got the package in today, after setup I tried installing a few apps while I charged the unit. The tablet shut itself down. When I tried to restart, it hit the Samsung logo screen and went black again. Held the power button for 20 seconds and nothing happened. I had identical results when I held power and volume up. Returning for refund.
R3CHL419BR6JMJ	5.0	Very Nice	2	2	Great size. Snappy performance. I read some reviews and the benchmarks were good. I was worried that the screen wasn't the OLED but I saved on the older model and the screen is still very nice with the super-high resolution.
R17ZOF1H64DN4G	5.0	EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN	3	4	This is an initial review and will be updated as needed. Product arrived on schedule. Since I already own another Android tablet, setup was simple. After downloading my saved Google apps, I checked functionality of WiFi , Bluetooth, etc. Installed a 32GB microSD card, which was immediately recognized by the Tab Pro. Device itself appeared new. No scratches, screen perfect, speakers perfect. Screen resolution is great on this tablet, perfect for watching movies. Quickly synced up with my music accounts and everything worked perfectly. My final step was to setup this tablet for viewing either Google Play movies, or Amazon Prime movies. The Google Play movies are built into the tablet so this was no problem. Some folks have mentioned that the tablet will not work with Amazon Prime...it does, but setup involves jumping through several hoops. The key to getting Amazon Instant Video to work is to first download the Amazon App store app from the web browser. Using the app store app, it is then necessary to download the Android phone Amazon store app (NOT THE TABLET APP). All these downloads are possible if you temporarily turn off tablet settings under security which will allow loading of these apps. Finally, download the instant video app. Sign in to the regular account and works like a champ. After previewing a couple of Prime Videos I own, I am even more pleased with this purchase. As noted by several folks, Kitkat doesn't play well with SD cards, but I managed to move some apps to the SD card. Unfortunately, even google movies which I own cannot be stored on the SD card. Watching from the cloud works perfectly, however. Overall, a tablet with this resolution and capabilities at this price is an exceptional bargain. Will update later as needed.
R23V3DQ8D98QP8	5.0	Impeccable and Awesome Deal	2	2	Impeccable, brilliant - like only Samsung builds them - and a pure joy. Wasn't nervous to purchase this after reading all the reviews. Well here's another glowing one. HALF PRICE, mind you. Awesome deal.
R3DOTA9KTPP3ER	5.0	The best $200 tablet so far!	2	2	I nearly saved $200 on this tablet it works and looks like a brand new. It's fast and quick and cheap and it's now mine. With the 2.3 GHZ and 2GB of ram you can't beat this deal of this tablet.
R14KBMK41PHFEW	5.0	Fantastic tablet, amazing deal!	4	5	The Samsung tab pro 8.4 is an awesome tablet! Everything about it is perfect, especially the great price. This came sealed in a factory refurbished box with a 90 warranty certificate, quick start guide, new usb cord and charger.
R3OJRORNR4MV3T	2.0	Great for the first two hours :/	4	5	it was working perfect for about 2 hours... I was sitting there installing apps and everything seemed to be fine. I plugged it in to charge and it just shut off... I cant reboot it and its completely dead.
R96BSOMJUYNNE	4.0	Great tablet.	1	1	This is a great tablet. Short of the Retina Display on the iPad or the Dell Venue 8 7000, it has one of the best looking displays I've ever seen on a tablet. It's also relatively thin and light and handles pretty much anything you can throw at it without stuttering. A couple of minor caveats made me give this 4 instead of 5 stars. Firstly, I don't care for the touchwiz(?) or whatever skin they have decided to put over the stock Android on this device. It's not a huge deal, but it forces full screen news feeds onto your dashboard pages, which can make navigating to your games and apps a little less streamlined. Also the battery life is good, but not great. I charge it about twice a week on average, and use it between 30 mins - 2 hrs a day, so it probably gets 5 - 7 hours on a charge, although I've never tested it. On a side note, I could see it being a little hard to hold with one hand for some people. But if you are getting an 8.4 inch device and you have small hands, you should already know what you're getting into.
R2ES0GX4JKJPBC	5.0	Best Bang for the money	1	1	This thing is amazing. I use it all day for literally everything. Chating, Games, Research filling out documents and applications, Youtube, Astronomy. Pictures, Music, the list goes on. It is extremely fast. 3D Graphics are Sharp smooth and fast. The screen is super sharp and plenty bright or dim. Plus it seems to be indestructible(don't ask). I don't know what else to say, it's great and it gets used a lot every day. I would buy another on any day. If your into 3D Graphics, check out Epic Citadel on it. The graphics are on par with my midrange gaming PC accept my PC can't goto 2650x1600 Resolution. Mine is the refurbished model, and it came flawless. I have had it for three month and so far I use it as much today if not more than when I first got it. The Camera is also just amazing for being in a device so thin. I have literally taken over 600 pictures with it. the flash is really good also.
R18POJ0ZJEDYX0	4.0	Great media consumption tablet. Almost perfect.	1	1	First Android tablet ever owned. Beautiful screen and great battery life if used for basic browsing and moderate app use. If you play games and watch shows\movies for too long, then naturally the battery will die under 3 hours considering the high resolution on this screen. Getting this at $220 was a good price but I would not have purchased this for any more then $300. For any of your Amazon Prime users who want to watch Amazon Instant Video on this tablet, it is possible but requires you to follow certain steps. Try googling how to do this. I know for a fact as I wanted to watch Rome and How I met your Mother on this tablet. Works excellent. Wish this had 3GB of RAM. I can see the performance degradation when too many apps are open. Part of the fault is Samsung's memory instensive Touchwiz interface but it's not a deal breaker.
R1S8TJXBJ9U03B	1.0	Samsung sent me a unit with a broken charger, ...	6	8	Samsung sent me a unit with a broken charger, refused to swap it out with a new one even though it is under warranty, and referred me to their website to buy one for $20.
R3DCG5922GUTK	5.0	Don't pass up this deal for a great tablet at a great price!	1	1	I bought this tablet back in March and wanted to use it for awhile before I wrote a review. It is now June and I AM SO HAPPY I BOUGHT THIS TABLET FROM THIS SELLER! If I didn't know better I would have thought it was brand new. It looks great and runs smooth as silk. The Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connect strongly and stay connected. The display is perfection. You can install whatever launcher and keyboard you like if you don't like the Samsung skin or keyboard. Jump on this deal asap if you want a great tablet at a great price. Samsung discontinued this tablet so the supply won't be endless. Get it while you still can. I put an Otterbox Defender case on it. The cases are discounted also because the tab is discontinued (check Amazon for case prices)
R2X6PMPZCQH3FO	4.0	Refurbished but great	1	1	This is an awesome product. I got this as a gift to a friend and for the pice and what it can do its and amazing steal. The only reason that I'm giving it a 4 star instead of a 5 star is because every now and then, when the battery gets to about 20 percent, the tablet will shut down and back on continuously until it's plugged in to be charged. The tablet comes with a warranty but it's not a big deal enough to contact Samsung and the gift recipient doesn't mind much either. I also work refurbishing Samsung devices so I know that not every product goes out to customers perfect. The chances of you experiencing the same thing is pretty slim so don't worry. Overall it's a great product and like stated earlier, it's a good steal for the price
R1X7KGM813SUP8	5.0	Very pleased.	2	2	Bought 2 of these on seperate occasions from Amazon, both seem brand new and arrived quickly. Very pleased.
R1CEIW8O2GLK86	5.0	Arrived in Excellent Condition, and Rocks The Show!	1	1	Excellent tablet! I have never purchased refurnished before, but am so glad I did. The tablet came in perfect condition with no signs of wear. I was expecting some battery wear, but found that the battery had tons of juice, and lasted a full eight hours. The tablet itself is a great product, fast, sleek, thin, and a perfect screen size. The only sign of wear was the charger having some scuffs. I think they pair random chargers with refurbished tablets so I don't really care. Main point for me is the tablet works like new, and is at an excellent price of $209.99! I definitely recommend this tablet to anyone who wants a great travel or around the house tablet, for an amazing price.
R2FKPGQG8E6U5C	2.0	Refurb unit is Defective - Sending back.	5	7	Item shipped fast and looked great. Wanted to keep it, but it came with a defective headphone jack. Thought about just using Bluetooth as that was fine, but in the end will need to have the headphone capability, so back it goes. I debated on getting a refurbished unit and regret the purchase now. I wonder how well these are checked before sending them out. (Bought through Amazon/ Klamp Electronics) (I did verify my headphones, and reset device etc.. Just a bad connection or something as it only outputs in one ear) The tablet itself came in a nice box and nice shipping protection. Screen was perfect, everything else I tested was fine, I just got to the headphone issue and couldn't overlook it. Maybe it was just bad luck. Just doing a return though Amazon.. So giving an extra star for being able to return it... Otherwise it would be a 1 star as no audio through a headphone is a deal breaker for me, and its a hassle to send it back.
R1FIHC7BIH6VWD	5.0	The battery on it last long and the screen size is perfect for her use case	1	1	Purchased this as a gift for my wife and she loves it. She mainly uses her tablet to check Facebook, Pinterest, YouTube and all those other social media sites. The battery on it last long and the screen size is perfect for her use case. I was a bit skeptical on purchasing a refab unit but let me tell you that if Amazon decided to list it as BRAND NEW that I would not even doubt it. I scoured up and down the tablet to find any blemishes and there was none. Pros -Like new condition -High end hardware -Beautiful display -Extremely Good Build Quality Cons - Touchwiz
R1Y2KUWNMY4O6J	5.0	First tablet that I've gotten, but it does it all.	1	1	Originally I got this tablet to replace my laptop. I was pleasantly surprised to learn of the additional features that Samsung tablets have to offer. It's cool that I can sync with my tower pc and stream to my television using chromecast. Runs all games pretty smoothly too. I use it to play hearthstone online with my friends, work on college reports, excel sheets, and also for netflix. It's the perfect portable device for a college campus, almost like a chromebook.
RITQ480N8C2QF	5.0	Great buy	2	2	Very nice tablet with amazing screen resolution and fast processor
RA9AFC9SM1E93	5.0	fantastic tablet at a great price	1	1	I waited a while before writing a review to see if there were any issues. None. This thing is perfect in my eyes. The screen resolution is absolutely fantastic, and much easier on tired eyes for reading books. Plenty of speed, fast start-up, very responsive overall. No regrets whatsoever. Battery life is better than anticipated, and charges pretty fast as well. Bluetooth works flawlessly, pretty much everything works flawlessly. A winner!
R11N0Y4JKLBLGX	5.0	Excellent value for the price.	1	1	Love it so far. You cannot tell that it's refurbished - it looks and functions like brand new. Not a mark on it anywhere. I choose this over the Tab S because it was cheaper and I am not regretting it. Screen is great. Battery life is ok so far, not amazing. I am using it for web surfing and watching movies while traveling. I am not a power user or an Android freak, so I know now that I did not need the Tab S. I hope this lasts me a few years.
R22OFF3K2N2RWI	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Works like new, beautiful screen, no signs it had ever been used.
R3MN3088DMR0ZX	5.0	Better than many of the newer Samsung tablets	1	1	I bought the Tab Pro 8.4 for almost twice the price when it first came out. I've since purchased a number of other tablets including the Tab S 10.5 and the Note 8.0 (GT-N5100). However, due to it's size, screen resolution, speed and overall ergonomics, the Tab Pro is still my favorite 'go-to' tablet. Highly recommended - especially for those like myself who feel a 5.7" 'Phablet' is too small and a 10.5" tablet is too big.
R1S6BUWIPU7EPY	5.0	Great tablet for the money!	1	1	I purchased this gem based on a good review from Consumer Reports. Nice screen size and great functionality for the money. The battery life is also good. We primarily use it to stream Netflix and surf the internet. The operating system is easy to maneuver. And it's worth mentioning that I bought it refurbished and would never know the difference aside from the label on the box. Score!
R1PM4S2QYAZGQ3	5.0	Amazing!	1	1	This is actually refurbished, but works like a brand new tablet...The speed and display of this tablet are truly awesome the only problem that there was no headset. Other than that I highly recommend this seller and this deal. If your looking for a top of the line tablet and are not sure about buying a refurbished don't hesitate a second longer. Get it now!
R1G3648IRH7ZS9	5.0	great tablet for half the cost	1	1	Bought this referb model. There is no difference from a brand new one. Perfect condition. As a logistics specialist I take coutless notes and having them all on here is a life saver. I use a bamboo solo type stylus with inkredible app and its just like writing on paper once u get the nack of not touching the screen as u write.
R2CUAJW6R14AAR	5.0	Refurbished like new just as was advertised.	1	1	This is more of a review of the seller if you want a review of the tablet you can find that somewhere else. Tablet came in original box, manual, and charger. The Tab was in like new condition, I've had this for about 3 days with no problems. btw the tablet is great. To get this good of a quality product for $220 if fantastic.
R3MZ5SRDGV2M03	5.0	Can't beat it for the price!	1	1	Everything works perfectly and you can't find a better value in a tablet! I am finding this tablet very responsive and very quick. I am really enjoying the 8.4" screen, as well. I find it the perfect size for reading, email, and surfing; and it's big enough to comfortably view regular PDF, DOC, etc.files, as well.
R34U26XTA8NAQ9	5.0	Terrific deal. The tablet is pristine and perfect -- ...	1	1	Terrific deal. The tablet is pristine and perfect -- an object of joy to hold. It arrived promptly, with charger. Because I have a Samsung Galaxy phone, it was easy to learn to use and to populate with my favorite apps. It has brilliant color that is delightful to look at. I am beyond pleased with this purchase!
R26M8HHP6K4S5X	5.0	I ordered the Tab Pro expecting it to perform a little better but boy was I wrong	1	1	I had an old Galaxy 2 that was on its last legs. I ordered the Tab Pro expecting it to perform a little better but boy was I wrong. The pro feels like driving a Maserati after having gotten used to a Yugo! Fast and powerful - - everything works as advertised. I an so far) totally delighted with its performance.
R7DFJGSFI1MHO	5.0	Happy customer	1	1	I bought this as a refurbished tablet, the first time I've done that with a computer product. It operates wonderfully. It arrived in secure, clean packaging with all accessories and documentation. I love the Samsung interface, very user friendly and intuitive. The graphics quality and speed of this tablet are great.
R3923ZW83FPN0R	1.0	and my luck wasn't so good. May yours be better	1	1	Got it home, fired it up, and touchscreen reads taps but not swipes. Not so functional! Time spent on Samsung service chat, and they'll repair, but etc etc etc. I paid my money and I took my chances, and my luck wasn't so good. May yours be better! It looks like a heckuva device, if you get a working one!
RUIKT1K4KEUZT	1.0	It belongs in the trashcan.	7	10	Battery did not work. Returned immediately. UPDATE: I thought maybe I received a rare defective product so I ordered a second one after returning the first one. The second one I got was even worse! It did not even turn on, it was poorly package too, the charger was jumping all over the place. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY.
R2T5DATX83IUA0	5.0	Great, affordable tablet! Samsung comes through with high marks yet again.	1	1	If you can get ahold of one of these refurbished beauties you will not be disappointed. What a buy, and it arrived in basically brand new condition. Extremely pleased. Refurbished or new, if you're looking for a quite affordable tablet you may want to seriously consider this one.
R3AHB6S6IA3N4C	3.0	Slightly Disappointed	1	1	Very happy with fast delivery...but..Tab Pro 8.4 I received was not reset to factory mode for a refurbished model....a personal name was still in the Calendar....and this tab does not swipe r to l...only l to r...will use tap method for my purposes....all in all a good tablet
RXEEEZ7Q0CJR7	5.0	Stop mindlessly buying iPads	1	1	Such a slick device. Great display, with the ability to customize your interface with an array of widgets, etc. Google play apps are fantastico. Don't understand why people would opt for the ipad.. which may be twice as expensive and doesn't hold an upper hand in any sense..
RUJZMRSBUD8YW	5.0	Nice!	1	1	Got this as a replacement when my ASUS Transformer went toes-up. I do miss the bigger screen, but what a great small screen it is. Lightning fast, with great functionality. Paired with a WAWO Smart Cover Bluetooth Keyboard Case it's my go-to device for most applications.
R1Q31DFABPUYTI	4.0	Good screen but Poor battery life.	1	1	This has an absolutly stunning screen but you pay for it in short battery life. I can not even use it but a few hours before I have to charge it. I am constantly plugging it in. I carry an extension cord and charger with me everywhere I go when I take my tablet.
R2O48DWNWKKED1	5.0	Great tablet, great value.	0	0	This is my 2nd tablet, first was a 2012 Nexus 7 wifi so this was a good upgrade for me. I ordered a refurbished Samsung Tab Pro 8.4 inch tablet. It was in perfect condition, no scratches or any other damage. I installed Cyanogenmod ROM on it and the TWRP boot loader. Everything installed nicely after I was able to find instructions. This was my first install of a ROM and everything went smoothly. The tablet itself is great, plenty fast to play all of my current games: Boom Beach, The Room, LIMBO, Another World. I can't speak of the bloatware as I replaced the factory ROM with the Cyanogenmod one. It runs smoothly and so far I have not seen any lag switching screens. It does have Wifi 2.4 and 5Ghz. I have no problems connecting to either. Bluetooth is good as well and reliable. I listen to podcasts during my commute via bluetooth headphone adapter into my car's auxiliary port. After pairing it connects automatically without any problems. Battery life is good. The screen drains it. I think my only complaint is the difference in screen contrast settings from the widget goes from high, medium and low. The low is too low to use and the medium is a bit too bright. I'll have to play with those settings to see if I can get that to work better. So far I have only used it constantly for a couple hours playing a graphic intensive game and the battery was at 70%. I haven't tried the SD card yet. The one I ordered is still shipping. I ordered the 32 GB one from Samsung. This tablet I bought only has 16 GB. I have loaded everything I need, including about 15 albums of MP3s, and there is about 4 GB left. Once I get the SD card, I'll be able to transfer media and data storage to it. Camera is ok. I'm a amateur photographer and have a $1000 DSLR with nice lenses so my expectations are pretty high. I've only taken a few pictures with it and this tablet does ok. Probably not going to win any awards with the pictures it takes but it does the job. The forward-facing camera is nice, especially in meetings when we write on whiteboards. I can take the picture and store them in Evernote. For $209 I am really happy with this. I don't see the point in buying a $3-500 iPad that does the same thing. The selling point for me was I wanted to have something that I could carry around. I mainly use this for work using a stylus and Evernote. People still are not accepting of bringing tablets and computers to meeting where I work and think I am playing on it. The smaller form factor lets me keep it a bit discrete and not as distracting to others.
R21QEYGKT9G8W2	1.0	Watch out ... buyer be VERY aware. If it's too good to be true...	4	6	EXTREMELY disappointed. I am writing this review July 12, 2015 after purchasing this device from Klamp Electronics in May 2015. At first, everything seemed perfect on the surface, including the extremely fast (same day) shipping. I had researched this device for a while and suddenly found this amazing deal on Amazon from Klamp Electronics - a bit too good to be true, but I guess I fell for all the other positive reviews. Placed the order that morning, and around 2PM that afternoon, the unit was at my door. Once again, unboxing the tablet, everything seemed great at first - especially for a refurbished unit. The device itself was in great condition and was working like it should. Around one month after owning the tablet, with *extremely* sporadic, occasional use, I noticed a few very minor issues, but nothing I really gave a second thought to. At the time, I thought some things were maybe just Android or Samsung glitches, such as the 1 or 2 pixel wide discolored line that sometimes appeared from the top to the bottom of the screen about an inch from the left side of the device. Or when I'd swipe to unlock the tablet, and the screen would completely freeze into what looked like vertical "snow" on an old TV. Again, it happened so inconsistently (or, maybe this was because I wasn't actually really using the device so I just didn't notice), I wasn't worried. Just this morning, this strange screen freeze happened again - I noticed that when I firmly held the device by the left side, the screen briefly flashed back to normal. I gave the tablet the lightest of taps against my hand - holding it with my right hand, tapping it against my left palm - and the entire screen suddenly cracked running vertically about 1/3 of the way in from the left side. Really, I don't know how else to describe what I did, and how insignificant the motion was that caused this to happen - I bumped it against my palm in the "does this work?" way with about the same amount of force you'd high five a dog, and this crack "appeared" - I think now that this was probably the underlying cause of my previous screen issues that I just didn't notice until it was too late to do anything about it. I think that if this was an actual honest refurb, it just had to have been extremely poorly done - but it's hard to feel that way, and more like a bad, defective device was just dressed up nicely to pass as working until the very short return period period expired. I knew this was a refurb from the start, and everything appears great on the surface, but if it looks too good to be true... you know the deal. Again, there are so many positive reviews for Klamp Electronics here that I don't know if I just got fooled, or if I had really bad luck, or what, but I'm extremely disappointed. It's hard not to feel like I fell for some scammy trick - polish up a badly broken device, sell it for an eye catching price, and buyer be VERY beware.
R2J9VBIWW6SUXK	5.0	Great tablet at a great price.	0	0	There were several other tablets in the $200 price range when I purchased this, but I feel confident I picked the best one and I am extremely happy with my decision. 8.4 inch is my preferred tablet size. Anything less feels like a phone/phablet without the use of an actual phone and anything bigger is too big to hold with one hand. I purchased this case to go with it and it feels right in my hands: Fintie Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 Slim Shell Case Cover - Ultra Slim Lightweight Stand for TabPro 8.4-inch Tablet with Auto Sleep/Wake Feature, Black the MHL port is great as it allows me to hook this tablet up to older lcd and led tvs which do not have the screen mirroring feature. I can let guests in the spare bedroom watch netflix without purchasing a roku device. The IR Blaster is great for controlling multiple televisions and devices (Samsung discontinued WatchON, but you can use Peel or Dijit) and you find yourself being able to do more with just the tablet. TouchWiz UI may not be desirable by some, but this can be customized or even bypassed with launcher apps. That's what's great about Android. If you don't like that, you can even go with a custom firmware like CyanogenMod. The specs themselves are probably what you should really consider when purchasing this. For me they were plenty and I haven't had any issues of sluggishness. I play some Android games (Dead Trigger 2 with an xbox controller and micro usb adapter is great) and the only issue is the back of the case starts to feel hot. This is going to happen on just about any tablet playing games, though.
R2AZ6NQI01EKIW	5.0	Great Deal!	1	1	I was not interested in paying the very high cost to purchase this Tablet new and this seemed like a good affordable solution. So far I have been quite impressed. It arrived fast and works and looks like brand new.
RL8HQINL386I8	5.0	Pro version has the faster processor	1	1	Love it, fast and works great as expected. I put in a 64 gig micro sd. Like new.This is my second Samsung. I have the 7" duel core from 5 years ago that still works great. Hope this lasts just as long.
R2FAN1MNCS1JIF	5.0	This is great for the price	1	1	This is great for the price!!!! I was weary about refurbished products, but this tablet has no scratches or ding nor dents. Im really enjoying the Samsung galaxy tab pro 8.4. Im glad I bought this.
R1NQ9OZU7Y7PDW	5.0	Downsized and lovin' it!	0	0	I went from the Tab Pro 10.1 to this one after my other one was stolen and I didn't want to spend a lot. Purchased a refurbished unit, and have nothing but praise for it. Nice and responsive, never locks up. At least not on the apps I use. Use a remote PC control app without too much trouble. Love using this with Chromecast to throw YouTube, NetFlix, and Hulu to the TV. Trying my best to convince the wife to drop cable. I was a bit concerned about the screen size, but after having used this for a couple of months I have no regrets. It's possible people with poor eyesight might prefer the 10.1 inch tablet, but I now think it's not necessary. Two GREAT things about these new tablets is the multi-user ability and actual dual windows. I love being able to pop-up google, maps, or a calculator without having to leave the screen I'm on. And with the multi-user ability, I can let my grandchildren use it without worrying about them accidentally changing something they shouldn't. Maybe someday Apple will learn how to do this (snicker snicker) The only thing I miss is the stylus. I have also vowed to never buy a tablet again with a data connection. Newer phones can act as a mobile hotspot, there is no need to pay the extra fee to the phone company every month just so your tablet has a phone number.
R3BWUAOJXN5JRU	5.0	Great device and a great deal reburbished.	0	0	This was a great purchase. I've never been shy to save a few bucks by getting a refurbished item and this was definitely a great refurb. You couldn't tell it was refurbished at all. It came in a new box with all the normal stuff. This was an upgrade from my old Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and this thing is awesome. No lag whatsoever. The fact that this is the pro line instead of the standard consumer line means there is better hardware under the cover. The screen is phenomenal as it always is on Samsung devices. I like the button upgrade over the older version and loosing 1.6 inches doesn't really bother me. I like the size a lot. It is easy to handle and not too bulky like the 10.1 was at times. I'm not a fan of the Flipboard interface. I don't use it. I prefer the standard Android pages and organization. The sound is good, but unlike the 10.1 the speakers are both at the bottom when holding it in portrait mode instead of on either side when holding it in landscape. Makes for weird sound when watching videos or just trying to listen to music, but I usually use an external Bluetooth speaker anyway. I love this device and hope it hold up for the long haul. I've had no batter issues and I love that they changed the charging cable from a proprietary Samsung cable to micro usb.
R1J2OZVER54EQE	4.0	Looks new	1	1	I just got the tablet yesterday. I'm no stranger to android systems. So far the tablet seems fine. Maybe a little slow to operate but I haven't trimmed down the bloatware yet. Nice screen.
R159G8KVKD220G	5.0	great quality!	1	1	Love it! Like brand new and arrived right on time, I bought this tablet to replace my tab 2 and it is loads faster plus it can actually play Hearthstone flawlessly which is what I wanted.
R3JKC5M2YWUZ3Q	1.0	Completely dead after a few months of operation. Went ...	1	1	Completely dead after a few months of operation. Went dead in the middle of use for no apparent reason. It's past the Amazon return date, so now I'm left with a $200 paper weight.
R31J9M853030HT	5.0	Good Refurb Experience	0	0	My wife had been struggling with her (several year old Acer) tablet for the past several months so it was time to upgrade. She wanted a larger screen but wanted to keep the portability of a smaller device. She liked the Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4" that our son has but I didn't want to pay the list price so I ordered a certified refurbished unit from Klamp Electronics. This was our first purchase of a refurbished product and so far we're both satisfied. The condition of the item is "as new". I don't see any blemishes or evidence it has been used before (no screen burn in). The battery was 90% charged so she was able to play with it immediately upon receipt. The item arrived in the original factory package with users guide and charging cable/transformer. We've only had it for a couple of weeks but so far this has been a very satisfying purchase. Since we've had such a good experience with the product we have not had any need to contact the seller so I can not comment on customer service. I would recommend this product to friends though and will consider certified refurbished when it's time to upgrade my tablet.
R1A12U5ITJJIN8	4.0	The best sub $300 tablet.	1	1	Solid tablet. Running CyanogenMod 12.1 with no issues. Battery life is a little sub-par, but otherwise a great tablet. Fantastic display with beautiful colors.
R2JZMB0ZUST347	4.0	Pretty good deal...but prices are always dropping so kinda hard to tell if thia was a super deal or not!	1	1	Pretty much what i expected. there was small nick on one edge, barely visible and covered by case, otherwise very nice condition and works great so far...
R1ES8HF6XB7XBG	3.0	Well, here's the catch	0	0	For it's specs this tablet is a great buy for the price. You may wonder what's the catch. Well, here's the catch. This tablet gets extremely hot when you use it. Especially during gaming. I don't even have the tablet for that long yet, just a little over a month. I was charging it one night without turning it off. Big mistake. The tablet gets so hot (I am not even using it, just charging) that I feel if I left it on charge any longer it's gonna start a fire. After I unplug it the tablet had a froze screen and I can't even turn the tablet off. Since it's so hot I just threw it in the fridge for a bit (like 10-15 min), after it cooled down I was actually able to turn it off and restart it. As far as I can tell the tablet is working fine again but I don't know if the heat damaged the tablet or the sd card. Guess I'll have to find out in the future. Other than the heat issue this tablet is pretty darn fast and the camera quality is quite impressive. Apple products double this price are even outperformed (obviously other than the heat issue).
R3MA5M5WZSPZWN	5.0	Buy it NOW!	2	3	This tablet is outstanding! The build quality is top notch. The screen clarity is amazing - my personal opinion has always been that AMOLED screens are the _best looking_ but this TFT really has me questioning my own view! And that's just one point out of a hundred things this tab has going for it. Seriously this is an awesome gadget, the only bad thing I can say for it is that if you are into rooting then doing so on this beast is going to be very difficult - well perhaps not difficult per se, it's just that once you do it there's no way to undo it. So if you root then forget asking for support again because this little guy has a chip in it that pops a cap (literally!) when it is rooted so that Samsung support knows that you messed under the hood (so to speak). But if you just need a tablet that really is professional and you want to get real work done with it then you have got to get one of these. Seriously, no regrets, best device I've owned yet (and I've owned more than my fair share).
RDQ2R9WABRP27	2.0	Warranty is Invalid	0	0	The tablet itself works nicely. The unit I received came with a non working camera. I troubleshooted with Samsung to get it working, but I had to put in a service request to get it fixed. I was then contacted by Samsung to let me know that the vendor is not an official Samsung Vendor and because of that the item was not covered by any warranty. In the package I received, there was a 90 Day Limited Warranty stating "This reconditioned (SAMSUNG) brand product, as supplied and distributed by Samsung Electronics America, Inc., (SAMSUNG), is warranted by SAMSUNG against manufacturing defects in materials and workmanship to the original purchaser for a limited warranty period of of: Ninety (90) days Parts and labor." This is not true seeing how Samsung has rejected my attempt to get the parts that aren't working properly replaced. If you do receive a unit that is working as intended, then there shouldn't be any issues. If you get a unit that is not working as intended, the only course of action is to return it to Amazon.
R17T651GPFZX35	5.0	Outstanding Tablet	1	1	Only had this since noon today but seems to behaving like it should, having had all previous sizes the 8.4 is the perfect size for a active person.
R3MRDSBU0JH4DM	5.0	Better then expected and smooth flawless operation	1	1	WOW what can I say? Better then expected and smooth flawless operation. The display is crystal clear and super sharp graphics.. I love it!
R1W08PA4A6P6SC	2.0	Bad battery	0	0	I needed a new tablet, and planned on getting a Galaxy Tab 3. I this one on Amazon, and thought it looked like a great deal. Higher resolution at about the same price as the Tab 3. I was concerned about getting a refurbished tablet. Would the battery last as long as new? I assumed a new battery would be put in. I read the mostly positive reviews, no mention of battery issues. I went ahead and bought it. It looks brand new, and runs great. However, when I play any kind of game, even casual games, the battery drains completely in 10-15 minutes. I even have the power saving features on. I installed a battery saving app. Nothing helps. Browsing the Web and reading news apps doesn't drain the battery like playing a game. Unfortunately I waited past 30 days to decide to return, and now it is too late. I love everything about this tablet, except the battery life. Maybe I got a refurbished unit with a used or defective battery. I would give 5 stars if it had better battery life
R3P12NPJHWTZDO	5.0	Great tablet	1	1	Great tablet. I wasn't a fan of Samsung stuff before this, but this is great. It does what I want, does it quickly, looks good doing it.
R1KZ9B7D8L7XWK	5.0	Refurbished??? Can't see the difference, not ...	1	1	Refurbished??? Can't see the difference, not a scratch on it, the screen, looked factory outta the box! Incredible tablet!! Must buy
R36YUWYLXJSWX5	5.0	4 is a great tablet! Got it for my 2	0	0	Great tablet! Got the Samsung tab pro 8.4 for my 2.5 year old daughter and this will last for many years. The screen is beautiful and I have yet to see any lag running Android. My only complaint is that it's running Android Kit Kat STILL. An update to Lollipop is expected. It's a little heavier than expected too, but my little girl manages just fine. The screen size is perfect for kids and should be large enough for most adults. Battery life is fairly weak, as I only get about 5 hours playing videos from Youtube, but it charges fast, often within about 1.5 hours to full capacity. Wifi works great and you can use your phone data plan as a hotspot if there is no wifi near you. This is the second tablet I bought in one year for my daughter and this will be the last one for quite a while... because it has everything I need and more. Very nice tablet and I love Samsung products. They just work better and are reliable.
RAIK0TDORL9L0	5.0	Arrived quickly and the unit looked as good as new	1	1	Arrived quickly and the unit looked as good as new. I am already in love with this tablet. Completely satisfied with my purchase.
R2E30S2RKK78M3	5.0	Love my new toy	1	1	Love my new toy. Ultra fast compared to my previous TAB 2. If you are a casual user and not into intense games... great choice.
REW14BF0XFG1F	5.0	Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 hits the mark on size, screen quality and usability.	0	0	When the iPad debuted this month 5 years ago I saw it as convenient for casual browsing and short email replies. I thought $600 extravagant for a device that was practically useless for content creation so instead I spent more for an 11 inch ultra portable notebook. I thought to myself, "I'll buy a tablet when $250 buys one that isn't limited". That day has arrived. I've been using this refurbished tablet for over 2 months. This unit appeared brand new, the only way you would know it was refurbished is the simpler package it arrived in. It's fast and has a gorgeous screen. Movies look great on it. The speakers are loud enough to listen to audio books from the next room. 8.4 is the perfect size for a tablet and at just over 1/2 pound it's easy to hold for extended periods. I decided not to buy the Kindle Voyager as reading Kindle books on it has not tired my eyes (I use Lux to easily manage the backlight).
R1RJV8ZCIEJPYA	5.0	Yay for this tablet!	0	0	Totally impressed with this tablet! I bought it for my husband for Father's Day, but he got it about a week early. We all had tablets except for him, so I wanted to have him join our technology club. My youngest has a 7 in. Tab 4 and I bought that one brand new. Knowing as much as I know about the Galaxy Tabs from her's, I compared this factory refurbished one. Honestly, there is no difference. His and hers work exactly the same and have all the same bells and whistles. I venture to say that his tablet does have a better screen resolution and its nice for him because he watches shows on it, but I don't see a glaring difference. But since I bought the two for nearly the same price, I think it was a good deal. We are definitely happy with these tablets and I would highly recommend their purchase new or factory refurbished.
R3KG4OACFXBACO	5.0	The screen is really hi-res (2560x1600) so games look great (loaded the Lego Avengers and Lego Star Wars Complete ...	0	0	Purchased this for my son for an end-of-school year gift and he loves it! The screen is really hi-res (2560x1600) so games look great (loaded the Lego Avengers and Lego Star Wars Complete Series). This also takes the high capacity Micro SD cards 64GB or larger. Also got the OtterBox case case for it so I don't have to worry so much about him dropping it. As of June-8-2015 Samsung has only updated this tablet to Android 4.4, and I like that it has the option to move apps to the SD card (if the app supports it). This helped a little because with all the other games I loaded we ran out of space pretty quick. My only complaint (which I already knew would happen) is that the battery takes a hit when playing higher res games, playing video might not be so bad but haven't really tested that out.
R213GE8EEY64QI	2.0	don't buy this item refurbished	1	1	The tablet is incredible but the refurbished item won't last. I've now received 2 that were unable to charge
R3KDO16L5I5E1A	4.0	Very pleased with my choice of tablet	1	1	Looked new out of the box. It performs well to my expectatons. Very pleased with my choice of tablet.
R216VI7327WU36	4.0	I have an iPad Mini 2 Retina which is amazing and consistent - yet this is better and more ...	0	0	I have an iPad Mini 2 Retina which is amazing and consistent - yet this is better and more flexible and just as fast. And I love the PC keyboard - easier. Have my twin 9 year old test it - they love the red slim case too !!! Battery life is suspect - drains --- yet I hadn't fully charged and conditioned the battery correctly yet. Certified and refurbished in USA !!! --- looks and feels BRAND NEW, for $210 ?!?! Love the leather-feel back. Quality build. Fantastic screen and size + added a 64GB very high speed memory card, not arrived yet... all for $245 total, ordered Sat July 4th - arrived monday morning July 6 - AMAZON PRIME rocks !! Gave 4.5 STARS for battery life -- will report after I have properly conditioned the battery.
R357FXYNU78KPZ	4.0	Short time user	0	0	I find this tablet very satisfactory to the extent that I've had time to familiarize myself with it's operation. Wish an instruction manual was available in print. The internet has a copy but it's 180+ pages which is too much to print out. One glitch I ran into was searching for a song in a book of 150+ songs. It worked well for about a week .. I'd bring up the song book, type in a song number and it would bring up the sheet music. Then all of a sudden it stopped fetching the music. I was able to achieve a "make around" which would bring up the lyrics for the song number, but not the sheet music. That's the only problem I've so far which is certainly not a deal breaker for the short amount of time I've used the tablet. :> )
R2EEL9NIEDI591	5.0	Awesome tablet for etextbooks and all purpose use!	4	6	I am new to tablets and needed one with a great display and fast processor that would primarily be an etextbook platform, but also have the desirable functions of any other android tablet. I am picky with displays, so I was naturally drawn to this one. This works perfectly for me for etextbooks and looks and feels great. The refurbished one I received was virtually perfect, I never would have known it wasn't brand new if it was not advertised as refurbished. This product is another solid offering from Samsung and their stellar line of phones and tablets.
R1MCSDLQVFK0D7	4.0	Great picture.	1	1	No problems. Received on time and the Galaxy tab pro lives up to my expectations. Great picture.
R14COLVWQ7AQYF	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love this thing. I rooted it and put cyanogenmod 12 on it running 5.1.1. off da hoooook.
R74VFR9ZTJJAC	2.0	I think I got a bad unit. As soon as I start using	4	6	I think I got a bad unit. As soon as I start using, it keep rebooting or shutting down by itself randomly. Even when I am browsing the Web, it just turns off and it happens so many times. This is my first tablet that I decided to buy for myself. The number of times I have to turn on this tablet since it keeps shutting down, really makes me crazy. I am glad that I can return this item to Amazon. The tablet looks like a brand new. But since it's not properly working, it's going back.
R3M7J9964X1VFC	5.0	I am a very happy buyer...	0	0	I love this tablet. I wanted a tablet larger than a 6" or 7" reader and smaller and more compact than a 10" tablet. I enjoy using Kindle and Nook apps for reading. I also use my tablet for email and internet purposes. This 8.4 inch display is absolutely perfect. Not to large and definitely not too small. The display is higher definition than most Android tablets and the colors are awesome. I ordered my tablet from Klamp Electronics on Amazon and it arrived on time and in perfect condition. It does not look refurbished at all. Thank you Klamp, for delivering a great product at a great price right on time.
RJ45PSQ8YHTLJ	5.0	Took a chance and it was perfect!	0	0	My unit was obviously used as the box had been opened with only a small seal on one corner. I have tried it for a week and everything is perfect. I checked out all the one star complaints and I had no problems. It immediately downloaded a 64 MB upgrade which I have not installed yet because of some of the upgrade complaints. Need more research. I love the tablet. I found it to be just the best size for me. I ordered a case http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IU4AT2M/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2 and a car mount http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00NIVGNE0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_3 Buy this one, it is a winner!
R2UY9H6QNEBESC	5.0	Excellent Product	2	3	Looks and feel brand new. Can't tell it was refurbish. Faster then the Galaxy Tab S 8.4 from all the Youtube review. The best of all my tablet by far. Nice and thin. I use it for everything, from watching PLEX to viewing my security CAMS. My games use to lockup on my other tablet, but this one is smooth. The price is great. This item was almost $500.00 when it first came out early in 2014. It can do anything any other current tablet does currently on the market. I would buy another one if I really needed it.
R48LZHDPKKPTL	5.0	bought this for skyping	0	0	11/18/15 Very satisfied. There's a technique that I found that will make the 2MP front cam work, cause when you open skype it will default to a blurry front cam. What you need to do is just tap twice on u'r self video feed. Then Samsung 2MP cam kicks in. Haha if u know that already then good for you. 0 very responsive touch, very good lighting, HD is for real, amazing software, bloat wares easily removed, (sound) I'd prefer front top speakers but this one is fine which is on side-bottom,Camera good. I just like it. IL update if there's a need.
R11ZD6878GHLAV	5.0	Excellent device. I should have gotten one a long time ago.	0	0	Excellent little device. It has now largely replaced my desktop for email and quick Web searches. I should have gotten one long ago. The choice of a case is most important as this tablet is so thin that picking it up or holding it incorrectly results in inadvertent commands. I am still learning the interface and learn something new everyday. My big breakthrough today is how to copy and paste using the "long press," a most valuable command. I mistakenly thought that "long" meant distance, not time, so it took a few days to catch on.
R2WHF6KVW1L1FF	5.0	Great tablet but sometimes text is too small	0	0	Having used mine for about a month now, I thoroughly enjoy it. Like others have commented, it arrived looking like a brand new tablet. My only concern is when surfing the internet, the text is too small. I think probably because of the high resolution screen, plus my previous tablet was a 10 inch. There are certainly ways of enlarging the text so it's not that bad, but I haven't found a way to enlarge the street names when viewing Google Maps. So far, I highly recommend this tablet for anyone looking for a high performance tablet at a discount price.
R3AQQYD74CHOFF	5.0	Great Deal	0	0	I have had several tablets before, but this one is great. It is very responsive and was easy to set up. As has often been the case, it was a refurbished item, yet looked new in all respects. Everyone makes fun of trying to take pictures with a tablet, but this one even has a decent camera on the back. Replaces my laptop for many trips and certainly makes for a lighter briefcase. The experience of using it is much more like a small laptop than a tablet. I already had a USB keyboard with a mini plug on it and it works great with this tablet.
R1SJGY3CPPUVW0	5.0	Surprisingly great awesome wonderful tablet!	0	0	The tablet works great. Meets expectations as described in the specs. Extremely fast responses to touch and no lag in processes. The screen resolution is amazing. I've owned lesser Samsung tablets and iPads and the quality of the video is surprisingly noticeable. Small bonuses I didn't expect: a flash for the rear camera, the back panel is grippy leather like material, and it vibrates like a phone does. Oh and there was no sign that my tab was a refurb. Nothing cosmetically wrong. Nothing within that has malfunctioned or glitched.
R2RKXUO93ZGGAK	5.0	Quality Galaxy	1	1	Got a great deal on a refurbished unit. Looks brand new and works great.
R26EF5FB04BON	2.0	Great if you can live with ergonomic quirks	0	0	Very much liked everything about this tablet except the fact that in the process of handling the tablet the return capacitative "button" almost always got accidentally touched because of its location. A real deal breaker for me and others (see complaints on internet). I tried to get around it because I liked the tablet but it eventually just drove me crazy so returned it! Purchased an LG 8.3" instead which has been very reliable. Shame because the Tab Pro is an otherwise very desirable tablet at a very good price.
R13NCZ7NWDHN0D	5.0	Great little tablet and definitely superior than the i-other options	0	0	Rock solid tablet. Supports latest OS. Have actually dropped it three [3] times (yeah, you would think I would learn), without issue. Speedy little tablet, works consistently, and is really the perfect size. The extra Samsung features they have added in are nice as well. Was surprised to find the IR blaster on the side. Have actually used an app or two as a universal remote and it works awesome (nice little bonus). Love the fact that I can add the microSD memory (use that feature a great deal).
R20VRNY2T0PV58	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great mid-sized tablet at a great price. Would definitely buy again.
R14RU7RGY0XTYU	4.0	Android kitkat totally ruined an otherwise AWESOME piece of hardware.	0	0	This tablet was a seriously awesome piece of hardware specially the stunning screen. Unfortunately, android kitkat comepletely ruined the experience. The biggest issues was the inability to use SD cards for additional storage space wich was the only reason i needed a tablet in the first place (digital photography portfolio) if you dont mind the lack of SD card support (the SD slot is there, but the software will not allow you to do anything with it.) this tablet is a comepletely awesome piece of tech.
RW9BKADELQA3U	5.0	Fantastic price!	1	1	It's worked perfectly from the moment we got it. Fantastic price!
R1UQ6YSQFS9AIW	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great tablet, came as new, very impressed and happy with purchase.
R1UDB82PV7KWNY	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Not the best battery life but a really great tablet for the price
RFZWXRM0Z2DM0	1.0	Awful	0	0	Awful, this did work amazingly when I first bought. But I bought refurbished and had only 90 day warranty. The screen messed up at 93 days and samsung wouldnt fix. I think these tablets had faulty screens and they refixed them then sent them out with bogus warranty knowing they would break again. I never had a problem with a tablet and I have owned kindles ipads blackberry tablet acer and google. This was terrible that they didnt support their product.
R2YC1KN0QSTV2M	5.0	Nice job Samsung	0	0	Great tablet. It is super crisp and even though it was refurbished it looks brand new. Nothing is out of place and the battery life is still going strong. I would highly recommend this tablet for people who do not use apple products and would like a productive tablet to take notes on it. I use this interchangeably with my iPad for notes but because they all sync with onenote, I don't have to worry if I forget one or the other.
R362ZG53PK8TL7	4.0	While the tablet itself is great in just about every way	0	0	While the tablet itself is great in just about every way, the fact that it was refurbished led to a disappointing discovery. The micro usb adaptor port where the charger and/or interface plug goes is damaged. I am able to gently plug in the charger cord for the purposes of recharging, but it is necessary to wiggle it back and forth and carefully push the plug in otherwise the metal contact strips bend and resist plugging in.
RDV7VP8XNKYTC	2.0	Charger issues	0	0	I've had my tablet for 3 months and since then I've had to change chargers nearly 3-4 times, at first I thought it was just the charger but all of them were Samsung company chargers yet none of them seem to work. Instead, it kills the battery while on the charger and takes 2 full days to charge completely. Unfortunately I can't return my tablet so I'm very displeased by this. Other than that, the tablet works fine.
R3SFODXCPOQXBY	1.0	Too bad for me it has been over 30 days and ...	0	0	I purchased one of these tablet and a few weeks later I started having problems with it. I returned it for another one. The second one worked for about a month and then it started having problems charging. Too bad for me it has been over 30 days and I can't return it for another replacement. I would NOT recommend this item to anyone. It sucks spending a few hundred bucks on something that is junk. Buyer beware.
R135KQTOY7QH1Z	4.0	works great with wi-fi only	0	0	works great with wi-fi only. I have samsung galaxy s5 phones and this syns with them easily. The fact that I had samsung phones influenced my choice in tablets. I thought about Microsoft, but this tablet works so well with my phones I'm glad I made this choice. It's fast and easy to use. I find myself using it around the house instead of my desktop. I would recommend this tablet to a friend. It's very nice.
R3EWXYUR0ONC7O	5.0	Great size for movies	0	0	I gotta admit, works just like new. No signs of it ever being used or refurbished. And its the perfect size to watch movies or shows on. You can still hold it with one hand without being too strained. And its loud enough for use without headphones if you plan to watch things on it. Looks like it got 2 speakers underneath giving you plent of sound. Overall I would buy again and I do recommend
R1QZEMTZJGUW4	4.0	and it's pretty handy. The issues I have with it are ...	0	0	I've been using this tablet for a few months now, and it's pretty handy. The issues I have with it are mostly due to my general inexperience with tablets, I think. It does take a long time to charge up (4-5 hours for full charge from <20%), so if you want a quick charging model I'd look elsewhere. Otherwise, the limitations are primarily based on which apps you put on it.
R2JYPTHU0O8G8N	5.0	Great value	0	0	First unit was lost in the mail. Second tablet was sent quickly via overnight shipping. The merchandise arrived in perfect condition. Looks like it came off the store shelf. It is operating flawlessly. Wonderful screen resolution with brilliant colors. It is just as good as an Ipad with retina display at a fraction of the price. Would do it all over again.
R19K7TV23CNMBX	5.0	The first one I received had a defective battery. ...	0	0	The first one I received had a defective battery. It would suddenly go from 50% to 80% and drop to 20% or even 0%. After leaving it off for a bit it would go back to the previous battery %. Googling revealed that this is a an issue with some of the tablets in the pro series. The replacement I received has been going steady without issues so far :)
R22FFSVH75DZSN	5.0	Great tablet	1	1	I love my tablet carry it everywhere. Like new
R3JDTDHY0C3KF1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	great for movies and for reading.....very happy
R14TWB3CT75TOW	3.0	It's an AWESOME case.	0	0	It's an AWESOME case....did not fit our Samsung pro tablet however :( Manufacturer, please correct the sizing problem and I'll buy 3!! My husband finally after an hour got the case on but half of the depth of the tablet (on one side) was barely in. If it were bumped the tablet would've fallen out. Otherwise, very very well made and LOVE the handle!!
ROKW5MHSPVJE7	2.0	Connectivity is an issue	0	0	Have had nothing but problems with the wireless connectivity. This tablet constantly drops it's wireless connection then keeps trying to connect but is unable to obtain an IP address. Other devices on the network do not have similar problems and I've tried this on different networks with the same result. I would not repurchase this product.
R2FVNN052BP3JA	5.0	Love this tablet	0	0	Love this tablet. It's fast and the screen is awesome. One problem,which amazon took care of, was that the battery on the one I received wouldn't last more than a half hour after I had it for two weeks. I was able to return it with no cost to me and they refunded my money the day I shipped it! I ordered another one and it has been great.
R1DIY34P59ONZ8	5.0	Screen resolution is great	0	0	Screen resolution is great. Edges could be a little wider to prevent accidentally touching the screen while holding it. Also wouldn't mind if it was little thicker to add longer battery time and there is barely room for the micro USB port and earphone ports. They work, just seems like the "thin is in" is getting to an extreme.
R32S10CVKUTEMU	5.0	This tech is finally getting to the gee whiz level	0	0	It's used every day and it makes my old Motorola Xoom look like an old grey mare in comparison. The Xoom is still functional, just nowhere near as snappy. The Xoom is going to be replaced with a larger screen Tab Pro or better in a couple of months. This tech is finally getting to the desktop / laptop replacement level of performance.
R3D6SS2DWUDXE	4.0	Good screen. Snappy performer.	0	0	I just traveled with it- 8.4 is an excellent size, Screen is excellent for hd movies and streaming sites. It has a strong cpu and runs great. Boot up time is good. Pros-Screen resolution, thinness, camera with flash,light weight, compromise screen size Cons- no micro HDMI output port. I miss this feature.
R3CZO8WBLARXUG	5.0	great tab	0	0	I really love this tablet, The size is perfect for me. Everything runs smooth and I have had no problems at all with it. I did get an otter box case for it which in my opinion is a must to protect it. I have used this on various business trips to write reports and of course play games and watch movies, all of which work flawlessly.
R3CS7YBM1YZJKN	4.0	Works great. Very satisfied	1	1	Fast delivery, Works great. Very satisfied.
RWCKA1I30516N	5.0	Great!	1	1	Love it! Much better than the iPad I had.
R3PDNHD7LR9Z6N	5.0	Awesome tablet!	0	0	Awesome tablet!!! I have no problem loading up some of my 1080p GoPro videos onto my micro SD card to play the video back without any issues. Furthermore, the functionality of this tablet is amazing, and for a refurb, it is brand new essentially. I cannot tell any difference. Would highly recommend!!
R1LG9A46DGUGVT	3.0	Updated 05-31-15 I really wanted a good tablet but I guess they all have some problems	0	0	Updated 05-31-15 I really wanted a good tablet but I guess they all have some problems. I wrote a bad review because it crashed after 7 weeks. They were nice at Klamp electronics to reach out to me and let me return the product for another. I will update when I receive the new one. I will update the review if I get my problem resolved with a working tablet. The tablet is beautiful, worked beautifully and want it so bad, to be, the awesome little device I was hoping for. I will keep you posted.
R25UQGGSTLL975	5.0	So far so good.	0	0	I'm going to give this 5 star for now, just got it and playing around with it, fits in my hand nicely really thin and just the size I wanted, I'll be doing a lot of typing with this tablet,I will be giving a further review on the performance later, but so far so good for a refurbished tablet.
R7XSLWBIKXTGY	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent buy. Great value for money.
RIN3FHOO37Q48	5.0	Great Tablet	0	0	Bought this for my wife and she loves it. This tablet is very fast and has a great screen. She's been using this for awhile now and it has given her no trouble. The tablet looks and works like a new one. This Galaxy Tab Pro is everything you could expect from an 8.4 inch tablet.
R3BL3H2E0WTH9I	5.0	Great deal	0	0	The tablet was exactly as described and even though it is a refurbished unit it might as well be new. It was in perfect condition and the battery seems to be holding it's charge nicely. At a fraction of the price of a new unit this a great deal. Very happy with my purchase.
RA8OG8R0QVT7R	5.0	Great item	0	0	Really like this. I was holding off for a long time trying to compare all the features vs apple. I finally got this and love it. I am glad I got this tablet and would do it all over again. Really impressed with all of the features and it is very easy to hold in your hands
R22D05PJP7N1DY	5.0	Get This Tablet. Don't Look Any Further	0	0	Do not hesitate to get this tablet because it is refurbished. It is a steal for the price. Highly responsive. Plays video well. Runs office apps very well. For the price, it's a steal. This review was written after several months of use. This is not an initial impression.
R3CTODYNZ4LE6J	5.0	Top notch. Order delivered promptly and device works flawlessly.	0	0	Top notch. Order delivered promptly and device works flawlessly. The only way anyone could ever tell it's a refurbished device is that it did not come in its original box but in a less flashy cardboard box that states that it is a refurbished product. Totally satisfied.
R28KDYRBTE5D0N	5.0	Good deal on a great tablet	0	0	Good deal on a great tablet. I've had it for a few months now and actually enjoy using it, unlike my previous tablet. It was so slow that i would just use my smart phone instead to browse thw internet. This tablet is much faster and much less lag when you open apps.
R2P3HSDU50EMKR	5.0	Great product, I placed mine in a case as ...	0	0	Great product, I placed mine in a case as soon as in came, it is sleek slim lightweight machine, with leather look back it is quite elegant. But as far as dimensions, I did not expect it to be so large, I have no problems with the device to date [got it Dec 2014]
RJPISHS8FVIJM	5.0	Awesome tablet. there are obviously more powerful ones out ...	0	0	Awesome tablet. there are obviously more powerful ones out there, but i got this mainly for school books and the high resolution screen is crystal clear and the battery usually lasts me several days (keep in mind i usually just use it for viewing books).
R1MSHGHHI0GHV1	1.0	It worked fine for about 1	0	0	It worked fine for about 1.5 months but then random restarts happened. They have become more frequent now. I've already done 2 factory resets but that didn't help. Contacted the seller a couple day ago, still no answer. We'll see how it goes.
R3BW1PE0DTHJEQ	5.0	Couldn't be any happier with this purchase.	0	0	Cannot beat the price. Device came in a white box with charger and small get started instruction book. The product out of the box was flawless in fit and finish. Read the instructions charged it up and have been happily using it since then.
R3N5RAFUEIS0VW	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	its so fast in like new love it
R1KQ3NPZTDZEN6	1.0	received BROKEN tablet x2. Can't reach company	0	0	The refurbished tablet stopped working after 2 months. The company sent a replacement. Now the replacement stopped working after 1 month. I can't get ahold of the company to rectify the situation. Two defective tablets in 3 1/2 months!
RX1XHC7CR9DDQ	5.0	Great overall tablet	0	0	Great overall tablet! It's the perfect size for reading books/comics/magazines. Great for streaming movies and shows. The screen resolution is top notch. A very smooth running piece of technology. You cannot go wrong with this tablet.
R10VR8UGAZKXBZ	4.0	Great product is just as described and works better than ...	0	0	Great product is just as described and works better than the new one I purchased from Bestbuy which was DOA... I got this at around half the price of the new one and it not only powers on but is faster than the newer, larger model.
R3FVYHXYBHI7AG	4.0	Very nice hardware and tablet	0	0	Very nice hardware and tablet. Not sold on the Samsung software as I loaded a 3rd party launcher. I really hope Samsung comes through on the upgrade to Lollipop, though the tablet works great with Kit Kat. Great value and screen.
R1HSRQ0YYNUYIG	4.0	EXCELLENT PURCHASE😊	0	0	Have truly enjoyed my Samsung Galaxy Pro 8.4. I purchased it refurbished two weeks ago and it runs like a new tablet. I haven't had any issues or complains. After I have used it more, I will update my feedback. ......
R2BMC2PGLHFXZQ	5.0	Amazing price for a refurbished unit	0	0	Amazing price for a refurbished unit. I am using Google Now launcher and keyboard so it looks quite like stock Android. The screen is very good. Battery life could be better but for the price I paid I cannot complain.
R1CSAH4WH8QMP8	2.0	Reconditioned tablet was faulty	2	3	The tablet itself is fine but beware of the reconditioned ones. Mine had a faulty USB jack. It took a charge, but the HDMI pins were broken. Had to return it.
R2GQT8N3SFEVGA	5.0	love it. works great and is very fast	0	0	love it. works great and is very fast. screen is not as rich as the super amoled but you won't notice if don't do a side by side comparison. battery life could be better but still this i a great tablet. no regrets.
R13EBAT5UBXQJF	5.0	Just like new. Works great.	1	1	Like new. Fantastic device.
R10ZMW2RBLPRJD	5.0	Glad that I went with model instead	0	0	I had purchased the tab 4 7" model first but there was a problem with it. Amazon took care of that with lightening fast speed! Glad that I went with model instead! I love this thing. Better in so many ways!
R2UJ6CRYXN15ZG	5.0	great product great build awesome specs what more could you ...	0	0	great product great build awesome specs what more could you ask for , better price.... it has it too. really happy with my purchase, would recommend to any and all who'd want a good reliable tablet
R3NH1E48H9VX4C	5.0	looks n works like new!	2	3	Looks like new. Wonderful tablet. Worked and dowloaded S5 apps automatically. Nice screen. Love the size, 8.4 inches is perfect. Excellent value!
R1X8087C0HP0SU	4.0	Nice tablet, great display.	0	0	Working really nicely so far. As noted in other online reviews, and maybe even Amazon reviews, the batter life isn't great but I couldn't stand paying any more for a toy than this so it is what it is.
R2NOQH7PFPWM65	5.0	Great Tablet at a Great Price	0	0	This is a great tablet at an excellent price. The screen resolution is excellent, the device is very quick at opening Internet pages and the tablet has many features found in more expensive tablets.
RKQY5XYDDXMQF	5.0	Great Product for the Price!	0	0	Great product for the price. I've never had the iPad but I assume all tablets like smart phones provide the same basics and this is great. Large screen and I've had absolutely no problems at all.
R3PAXDAGZF74WB	5.0	LOVE this tablet - it Rocks!	0	0	LOVE this tablet - it Rocks! Especially the voice commands. Only complaint - it's hard to find the recent apps and the BACK button in the dark. 14.4GB, Kitkat, USB3.0 and a sidebar.
R13Z75WWSEFLB0	3.0	It maybe just be the one I have but the ...	0	0	It maybe just be the one I have but the tablet is really laggy. It studders through basic task often. And rest and kept resetting itsself over and over. I just got it had it for about a month
RX50X5E5NQ3ZF	4.0	I like Samsung and I like android	0	0	I like Samsung and I like android. Did I need the high res. screen, probably not. My only complaint is that I say new ones listed for about the same price as this refurbished weeks later.
R3G0NI8ZSXYM0V	5.0	i expected the used version to have scratches and bruises but this tablet looks amazing and couldn't tell the difference between	0	0	I previously bought this tablet new last year, i expected the used version to have scratches and bruises but this tablet looks amazing and couldn't tell the difference between the two.
RCWTMMVFPCU2Y	5.0	Awesome product at an even better price	0	0	Awesome product at an even better price. People think it's a new tablet. Packaging was nice and secure and upon opening it you see that it's an official Samsung refurbished product.
R16IOHTBLVZU5R	5.0	Love Samsung products	0	0	This tablet rocks. Love Samsung products! Zombies must be killed and I have the plants to do it! Screen resolution is amazing, battery lasts long and it recharges fast.
R11FL9UYXKYO6	5.0	quality is better than all the newer ones	0	0	Bet device you can buy , the pic, quality is better than all the newer ones, I love it and for half price it was when it was brand new. I say it's an excellent deal
R2XHTHE46MO2Y2	4.0	Very nice product. The only thing I would change would ...	0	0	Very nice product. The only thing I would change would be to put one speaker on each of the tablet to get better sound when watching movies in the landscape mode.
R2LC01IUC6K4IU	4.0	I like the 8	0	0	I like the 8.4 size better for reading over the Tab 10.1 I tried first. I like to read before I go to sleep and reading in bed the 8.4 is the perfect size for me.
R2XFRUVEPALKQJ	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Tablet 8.4	0	0	SO far so good , I just got this tablet and was a little hesitant because its a recondition but it seems to be fine. I'll repost in a few months with an update.
R2RPANCNMT08Y8	5.0	Unbeatable value!	1	2	Is it the latest device? No. But you won't find any other tablet with the same bang-for-the-buck factor here. This tablet came out just one year ago, and was strangely usurped by the Galaxy Tab S just 6 months later. Sure, that's a better device and if you want the top-of-the-line, then spend your money on a new (or refurbished, if you can find it) Tab S. But if you're looking for a great-quality tablet at a great price, you really cannot go wrong here. As for the tablet itself, I don't think I can offer much in a review that hasn't been said better elsewhere. I actually really like the faux leather backing and almost regretted covering it up with a case because it was such a pleasure to hold on its own. But I've learned the hard way that every electronic device deserves a protective case. Otherwise I've always loved Samsung's Galaxy series and this is no exception.
R1Z8RP8ZS0FJVT	5.0	Love it!	0	0	So far sooo good... great buy like new. This is my second purchase from Klamp Electronics. I've been very pleased and will be placing future orders with them.
R2Q38GBVZA4FQP	5.0	i really love this galaxy pro	0	0	i really love this galaxy pro. i have the twelve inch one also and this one is great to keep in my purse. i use it all of the time and the apps are great.
R3DYMPFDAMQHHE	5.0	Highly recommended	0	0	I use this thing so much. Great tablet. Can't even tell the difference between this and the Tab 4, plus I like the back cover a lot. Highly recommended
R1I1TR00AJOX2M	2.0	Keeps rebooting	0	0	I'm worried, the tablet keeps rebooting it happens at least 5 to 7 time a day depending on useage of the day , if it continues I'm going to send it back
R2OHO0CXZZ7DZK	5.0	great product i had to return mine	2	3	beautiful Tablet and though i had an issue with my intial purchase, the return policy was hassle free.
RNV19AYLM9YKW	5.0	And now I must say that the Tablet that I recieved looks just perfect as a new one	0	0	I was worry because never got a refurbished product. And now I must say that the Tablet that I recieved looks just perfect as a new one. Thanks!
R1W2P8CKZ3QBJI	5.0	It is great. Service was fast	0	0	I bought this refurbished tablet back in August. It is great. Service was fast, reliability perfect. I would not hesitate to do this again.
RZ7TRN0WIOHIK	5.0	loved it so much I bought another for my dad	0	0	both refurbished tablets are working great. ..love the inbetween size on this tablet.. not to big or too small. .clear picture and works fast. .
R1QXWR1FD0LN23	5.0	Looks and work like new.	0	0	Looks and work like new...best $220 I ever spent. Tablet is very powerful, batter can go fast but looking at the screen that's not surprising.
R1SP3V9AEXD2RP	5.0	If you're on the fence...	0	0	Mine was sold by KLAMP. Box says Refurb USA. This tablet looks flawless and seems to be working perfectly. Excellent, thank you Amazon!
R2NWGXUDUIU010	5.0	for a first tablet worked just fine still learning how to use it but i have ...	0	0	for a first tablet worked just fine still learning how to use it but i have taken 2 trips with it and worked just great for what i needed
R2QLV4PKT036LT	1.0	Awesome display didn't last long.	0	0	Tablet itself has a great feature set but after 60 days my screen has a large red discoloration when displaying black/dark images.
R3U5FT8LMESZLS	5.0	Highly Recomended	0	0	This product performs everything I need perfectly. I'm able to copy sread sheets from my desk top and perform updates with ease.
R2UPO0TQQL34LQ	1.0	Battery is worthless	0	0	Battery only lasts a few hours and if you leave it unplugged it will be dead by the morning even with the tablet turned OFF.
R257FMQLZ8PUCP	5.0	Great value	0	0	Excellent product. My original worry that battery might not be good enough, given the device is refurbished, was cleared.
R3BZ9SIUSMY885	5.0	Great product, great value.	0	0	So far so good. I love this tablet. The resolution is awsome. I would not hesitate to buy referb again from this seller.
R1ZXYYWUVX96ZP	1.0	The tablet worked but had pixel lines that come in ...	0	0	The tablet worked but had pixel lines that come in and out. It was hard getting in contact with the company for return
R378V88YN4DR4F	5.0	Good as new	0	0	Works just fine. I'm always hesitant about refurbished but I would highly recommend. Not even a scratch anywhere.
R2F9OWEKBSPH8L	5.0	perfect for the price	0	0	Amazing tab for the money. It's very snappy and smooth. Gets very good battery life too. I'm satisfied completely.
ROZFRYDUM0HHR	5.0	Works great. Convenient that it came pre-loaded with full suite ...	0	0	Ideal size for carrying around. Works great. Convenient that it came pre-loaded with full suite of Google apps.
R27GYMHXMPD9OI	5.0	awesome	0	0	Incredible. Way better than iPad and this was brand new as far as I can tell even though it said refurbished
R11DW7JCN5CD02	1.0	Should Last More Than 5 Months	0	0	Less than 6 months old, and my tablet won't turn on! I thought it was a great product until this morning!
RT1PQDPJRLHKR	5.0	Tablet came in like new it's fast good camera and it has long ...	0	0	Tablet came in like new it's fast good camera and it has long battery life it last me about 8 to 9 hours
R31D9FPNQTENEV	5.0	I am very happy with my Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8	0	0	I am very happy with my Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 tablet. It is everything and more than I expected.
RF7HS8P9YGFEP	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	tablet arrived in a timely fashion and was boxed in original box and works perfectly. Will use again.
R30SFL0H793YC8	4.0	Handy size.	0	0	Nice tablet...works just like my phone. And it is small enough to slip into a purse with a cover on.
R2RJPFLHW6DAYL	2.0	Reboots on its own during normal work	0	0	After 2 months it is taking a dive, Re booting on its own during normal use. Next time i buy NEW
RT9WICT266P4M	5.0	I Love it!!	0	0	This is a great device. Fast processor, beautiful screen, easy setup to internet and bluetooth.
RNU1Q9OXORFLQ	5.0	One to think about	0	0	Samsung has always been a product I love to use and this tablet speaks for itself. Wonderful.
R1CPAYCY072XJ6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Tab I received it week ago and it's work perfectly.. Omar Alrawi Mosul ..Iraq
R1CEEHINTRSNJU	4.0	Medocre battery life	0	0	A good tablet. My only reservation is the battery life, particularly when using bluetooth.
R3SRJBTHZP7OYN	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Outstanding
R1ZNVXBA6RIS19	5.0	... my second refurbished Samsung tablet and every thing is perfect. Very good deal	0	0	That is my second refurbished Samsung tablet and every thing is perfect. Very good deal!
R1Q3Q20ZXTP40H	2.0	Two Stars	0	0	The Battery was not holding charge. So i returned the device. The performance was okay.
R156WAWYIZ7NGI	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great screen clarity. Good app selection. Battery drains quickly even when not in use.
R3NZVTYENXXR86	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	very good nice tablet, i use it for my restaurant to doing Sqaure transactions
R1Y0GE0UXCCO0G	5.0	Excellent device	0	0	S upper device, but probably should have gotten a model with cell connection
R1GS4P1NLEYBSR	5.0	Best Birthday gift I ever bought myself!	0	0	Love my tablet! I use it daily, and it is amazing me with its capabilities!
R3L3MGT55I7C6M	5.0	Great Tablet	0	0	Eliminates all the problems I had with my old ASUS tablet with Android 4.1.
R3FOP2ZR1AO2BJ	5.0	Best 8" tablet on the market	0	0	Awesome tablet!! Very fast and the screen is amazing, no complaints at all.
RAKAOZDGVM1U0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love my tablet. This is my first one and the ease of use has been great.
R3MZON85370K1T	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love the tablet. It is so much faster than my old tablet. Great display.
R3QTOE6Y8932MZ	5.0	The camera is almost as good as my Sony DSLR	0	0	I'm enjoying it daily! The camera is almost as good as my Sony DSLR!
R1MA5P6GXQYAQ7	5.0	Excellent Samsung 8.4 tablet	0	0	Performs every bit as well as advertised. A perfect choice for a tablet.
R3QXKMEJROMJTX	5.0	Best 8" Tablet? Probably	0	0	Been using it awhile and is great. Bought it for the screen quality...
R190K7CB0LMRGF	5.0	Best $220 I ever spent	1	2	I've owned the refurbished Galaxy tab pro 8.4 for about 2 months now and I have to say that it's been worth every penny. It is basically brand new, the only thing giving away that it was refurbished was the packaging. It has a beautiful display and a very fast and user friendly interface. Save the money and get this over the galaxy tab s, you will not regret it.
R228QCNTI8QBFO	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	But the battery life is not very good. I only get about 4 hours on it.
R22IYEZLFENUNR	5.0	it is very good and useful	0	0	Samsung Tab 8.4 is almost computer. it is very good and useful tablet
R20KECKTP8ZBON	5.0	This arguably the third best minitab on the market (tab s and nexus 9)	1	2	You really cannot beat this deal. This arguably the third best minitab on the market (tab s and nexus 9), and the price point is superb. As others have mentioned, mine came sealed and spotless, brand-new quality, booted right up out of the box. To take even more advantage of this great hardware, I installed Android 5.0 and it runs amazing!
R3D8P86SU8SI6G	5.0	My tab	1	1	Love it.
RXPWMDZSA5YRR	5.0	So far satisfied with order	0	0	Product arrived on time. No issues. So far satisfied with order.
R35VYMFA54TGMR	5.0	Great value, dependable product!	0	0	Over a year later this Galaxy has worked like a champ. Love it!
R1U5EUHC5YIQDD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Although reconditioned, it appears new and functions perfectly.
R2G1OP4NWJOHBH	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Like it very much, as of now no complaints, the kids love it.
R1XHT89JWMCL45	5.0	wow factor	0	0	as good as new! lightning fast! bang for the buck!
R2VMM7VBH6L6PH	5.0	Awesome tab	0	0	Love this tablet. Better than ipad! Can't beat the price
R1PXEVHGW368WC	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	Excellent tablet and great price
R1QGW6KJXOTHSY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good quality product meets all my expectations
R25S4IU5W116TL	5.0	perfect tablet at good price	0	0	Refurbished unit but good as new highly recommended
R7XNJI5BYM3ZP	5.0	Great Deal!	0	0	Perfect Condition. Works great. Best price around!
R369NZM4J56ODC	5.0	Very satisfied	0	0	Very happy and satisfied. With. Price and quality.
R3HWRF7UGTW9AQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good tablet, especially value to price ratio.
R33YXPUPVWHMLF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome items, fast shipping, exactly as promised!
R2CXFH2PB0EC78	5.0	Good Deal	0	0	Works & looks like new, no problems or complaints.
RBYRWR9EVDIW7	5.0	Great medium sized computer tablet! Arived in Like New Condition.	0	0	Great Samsung tablet. I gave this one to my son.
R360S039IJ6L6Z	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good performance. great screen. Battery life soso
R2RH1U9FMI6C19	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works great and more tablet than I will even need.
R38RPHXKJXN8S	5.0	very happy with	0	0	works well, arrived on time, very happy with it
RW0CWKUPVVB3F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product. Arrived quickly. Very satisfied.
RZEHAFU1AJ8MB	5.0	Love it!	0	0	Amazing battery life. This thing is a bargain.
R3HRY1SWXKRV83	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good deal! I do not have any problems so far.
R2AK96M8H4GPUA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Quite impressed with the overall performancd
RSKCF762BFLMG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It was as advertised and delivered on time.
R36UJQQ464LK2G	5.0	Great	0	0	Was in perfect shape and worked flawlessly.
R1WHL2KMFGG04D	5.0	great tablet. beautiful displays and fast	0	0	great tablet. beautiful displays and fast.
R59XSHVEJHKAM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love my tablet. Works great. Fast shipping.
RCJJ91BJXQ7Z2	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Seems to function and appearance like new.
R2XOWGDU3WM6SU	5.0	Worth it.	1	2	Bought it a week ago everything is working fine. I mainly use it for college since it's so light I also bought a keyboard which makes it a lot easier to do work in. For the price it's completely worth it.
R34FCZT3SMUN64	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Looks like and works great.fast shipping
R2F8G5VQLCZGFM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent transaction n good product!!!
R196RFVPM8WAEJ	5.0	Like brand new	0	0	AWSOME no complaints !! Like brand new
R279GYI5XHVKW2	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good, but sometimes lags a little bit.
R1IOKH058H2EMM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	its a great tablet.. Works flawlessly
R1NM9QPWT7FRTS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exactly as advertised. Shipped Fast!
R3O5HA5PAGR4MT	5.0	Good. Quick.	0	0	Got what i expected. Excellent job!
R1HUIPR5TLY335	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	Just as good as a new one. I love it
RUOH7SY6MUXA2	5.0	Long live the King Of Tablets	1	2	Forget the Ipad, Samsung is the king of tablets, all hail the king, picture quality that makes real life low res and drab, easy to operate and the battery life can't be beat.
RR73QLZZ074UC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I like it, looks new and works fine
R2ABWD9G4XYM7F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Came as advertised and works great!
R1AEKZ0NDAQOVF	5.0	Awesome!!!	0	0	Love this tablet!!! Well worth it!!
RCZXNMLV1OF5H	5.0	Excellent!	0	0	First rate. Like new. Love it!!
R3JOT1Q7YBABKG	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	Great picture. Fast processor.
R3JLGTELB7FUGT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	More than meets my expectations
R2YGKJEICMT4CD	4.0	Great Product.	0	0	Everything I expected it to be.
R9M2HW6N0AVU0	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	In perfect condition. Love it!
R11BE2413L9DA5	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Good.. it met my requirements.
R2WR6B4CN05UJN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Received on time and as stated
R24QI3PXZ7MN3E	5.0	Excellent tablet!	0	0	Excellent product, nice size!!
R1GMNYKD91LVSQ	5.0	I like it	0	0	Works just like new. Good jpb
R1RH38MZV9TWVD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very pleased with the quality
RECGRBBJIK22N	5.0	Like new. Very satisfied	0	0	Like new. Very satisfied.
R1ESAGHKPCE4RY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect size,great screen.
R1RW37J0QE6IDD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great Display************
R3BU9C9Z3LWF27	5.0	5 Stars	0	0	100% Brand new...Love it
RRICT9DNDI25E	5.0	great price	0	0	Great little tablet....
R2TA4YOV0GKQGU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Loved it. Thank you...
R3VJ95FD4LJGK5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It works as expected.
R1D6MT0BNDZIMD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works like brand new
R1F5BIFQOIUKT3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it! Good as new
R35VFL5VF06SYY	5.0	so awesome!	0	0	So far, so awesome!
R3D8BFVK0YNBCG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome, excellent
R207UQ9U7VE3SD	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Nice for its price
R3VEWU2XO82UDZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Great purchase. Wonderful tablet at a great price. My wife is very happy with it.
R2YAHQDAKCKD61	5.0	love it, would recommend it to anyone	1	2	Quick delivery, love it, would recommend it to anyone, best tablet, best seller.
R2H4MPZU9C15JZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Like new in every way. Faster than both my laptops .Really happy with purchase.
R1LHHQT34TFWCN	2.0	If I can't write to the SD Card this is going back.	0	0	The device itself is wonderful. Speedy. Great display. Kit Kat, however, was a deal killer. If I can't write to the external card, then it is being returned. Be aware of this limitation if you're used to saving documents or moving music downloads to the external microSD card. It's not available on this device. I found a Galaxy 8" (and I really prefer the smaller form factor) for about the same price with Lollipop, and applications updated for Lollipop allow write to the microSD card. If you need that feature, keep shopping.
R2J9I19EXCZD8M	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good so far
RVXEOCCM68AIY	5.0	Great Tablet	0	0	Love this tablet
R1DTFOW4J8D1Z6	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	So far so good!
R2GEFHUMFVC1O3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it!!!!!
R3HZWW8DY0JQGY	1.0	JUNK DONT BUY	0	1	it was awesome at first but 6 months in it started to restart on its own i thought it was a glitch.But than I noticed that it was restarting more frequently.Than I noticed some of my game data was deleted.After that I saw my pictures were also deleted.than just yesterday it was resarting and now it wont even take a charge and wont turn on.So take my word for it dont buy a refurbished tablet or take a risk like i did and pay the price for buying a used piece of CRAP!!!
RCPOE5Q85D4HO	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	works great!
R2MJTRCUIAF5SI	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent!!!
R1OQZHV0Z6MSRA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet
R3KEK9JO25JV4W	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	very good...
R1MFIZIP5SWQ9B	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Solid build.
R2Q8JH50TAWDFQ	5.0	All perfect with the table	4	7	All perfect with the table. The charger don't work well but I don't mind because I use the charger cell
ROEW27J7PLFQD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's great!
R2QHBRR6W2GJ4E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	works good.
R1OVK84JR6K01H	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good stuff.
R11ULIUKFC0IEC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent
RMJUK9PAT5FB9	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I like it
R1DK8QEUJPVRQ1	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good
R3P6PADTE80L4K	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very good
R2GYQXFLJ2DBPD	5.0	Great device	0	0	Love it!
R39KW7IJ4HR8GT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it.
R26YHSO5VKCSXU	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Nice fit
R36ITM387FE94E	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Perfect!
R3MTEFREX5R0S0	5.0	love it	0	0	Love it
R33P6VJRA12ZQ3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	perfect
R1CIJU5V19AVD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	love it
R3SPR29WRBOGHQ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Exelent
R3UIYKOE58UXYX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Love it
R1R24MEAM6NNI8	4.0	factory rework so far is working but on/off button is ...	0	1	factory rework so far is working but on/off button is hard to work most of the time some trouble with keyboard working with fingers get corner letter more than key I want. charger get warm a lot when charging but battery works for at least 6 hours of reading.
R19GTDMKZW2ZW9	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Like new. Great tablet.
R2R9NP66QXHN27	4.0	Good device, screen resolution maybe a bit too high	0	1	Good deal, device look just like new. Just not a Samsung fan. For some apps the font is really small to read or try to pin point the small icon due to the apps that is not design to be such high resolution.
RZGMJUUHM0QX5	4.0	good buy	0	1	Don't don't buy Evo samsung sd card doesn't fit screen just big enough be careful when buying a sd card take it from me very easy to use and set up my only bug is the damn sd card hard to find.
R2GCXDDJB3S2F3	5.0	probably the best in both worlds of size and screen clarity very ...	0	1	probably the best in both worlds of size and screen clarity very dependable works right out the box Android is the best Samsung is the best of course rooting this makes it 100 times better
R3M81YXLBTIHPG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great
R1KIFFZD02CJ3U	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Grate
R29H0XC4SG2FP5	1.0	waste of money, too delicate	0	1	Do not buy this tablet. It is the most delicate tablet I know of. After a small fall of less then 2 feet while in a case, screen cracked and does not operate properly. Waste of money!
R14JXMFO386OUL	3.0	Other than the wifi issues while playing game. It ...	0	1	Other than the wifi issues while playing game. It works. Having issue on both stock rom and cm 12 rom. If issue persist for more than a week. I will ask for an exchange..
R141JAUO9YQFMO	4.0	so good.	1	2	So far, so good.
R1I5KOOC89WYCK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R19EST9G5AD4OM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good
R2SB08RXMB7H6F	5.0	Limited choice of languages	0	1	Great device, great value. The only issue is that it has very limited number of languages that you can change to, unless you root it.
R2328G35NOXJ0B	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Simply awesome!
R2T1J7ULPGTCZ6	5.0	a great deal for a whiz tablet	0	1	a great deal for a whiz tablet! Im a PhD student and have been reading many a PDF in HD and full color on the bus - great sucess!
R1OXIZPTTP46Z	3.0	Great little tablet	0	1	Great little tablet. Just can't seem to register it in my name despite many many many attempts Otherwise would give it 5 stars
R3QY613VX97V4S	5.0	GREAT TABLETËIRA	0	1	This tablet is immaculate and you cannot tell the difference from a new one to a refurbished one, it is supra fast and supra awesome
R2R4O9AUGKHDHS	3.0	Defective But Solid Product	1	3	The Samsung refurbished Galaxy I purchased through Amazon randomly rebooted no matter what I was doing or what app I was using. I called Samsung three times and could not resolve the issue. Other than that I was happy with the product. It was a very comfortable size, the battery life was great, it operated like any other android device, the picture was crystal clear and although I didn't use many apps, the ones I did use ran smoothly.
RPCCCKU4543NC	1.0	One Star	0	1	This product stopped working within 2 days. Tried to fix it but the whole motherboard was damaged.
R37T6LLE2W7SB2	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Just the right size and still provides a nice screen to view movies and photos and play games.
R25Y28Y8T8NMRB	4.0	Four Stars	2	4	Everything works and looks great.
R2QJVYZECAFBP0	3.0	Scratched screen	0	1	The one I received had a scratch across the screen. Immediately returned it.
R2F1XX88SR8BCZ	1.0	Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4-Inch Tablet... WATCH FOR WHITE EDITION !!!	0	1	Don't really know since I've got Tab 3 in my box. But was White :)
R2OEU5UIVJHP29	5.0	GREAT TABLET	0	1	Great tablet great price just the right size takes great pictures
R2UCY0O2G07KYI	2.0	Four Stars	0	1	Just went bad will see how they stand up to warranty
R22XA01NQBPQ29	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	The top right part of the screen is unresponsive :/
RERCACMWJY6DE	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great tablet, handles everything I do with it.
R29YK48IZ7ZSTL	2.0	I like to use the tablet in my room a lot	0	2	I upgraded to this Tablet from iPad 2 for a few reasons: iPad 2 only have 512 MB RAM, and Nexus 9 isn't compatible with microSD cards. This Tablet have everything you need on paper- 2.3 GHz processor, 2GB RAM, microSD card slot... etc. However, I am not too impressed with it after using it. I like to use the tablet in my room a lot, either browsing videos, light gaming, or Skype with girlfriend/family. My old iPad 2 was able to pick up WiFi signals perfectly from my room. However, this Samsung tablet cannot pick up consistent WiFi signals, and became pretty much useless inside the house (pretty much the only place I use a tablet is in my room, other places I just use desktops or laptops). A few other complains: the Touch Wiz is horrible. It's my first time using a Samsung tablet, and if they don't change it in the future I will probably never get a Samsung device again. Also, I hate it when my iPad 2 crashes during Hearthstone games due to low RAM. But this Samsung tablet isn't doing too much better either despite of having 2GB RAM. Pretty sad.
R3G0BPFLH5KLI0	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Looks awesome and works fine
R1KEAEJUJGBFTN	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Good until now
R5K5X8D6IN001	1.0	wanted to love it	0	2	I really wanted to love it and I would have if it works. I loved everything about this tablet except for it's very short battery life and the inability to connect with WiFi properly. I was having to charge it 2 or 3 times a day and the wifi signal was so weak I thought I was having problems with the wifi in my house but it was actually just the tablet. I usually have really good luck with refurbished items but this was a no go.
RW52LMU20EUBK	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Great tablet
R15309N9LGYFT5	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	wonderful...no but is really awesome
R3W0FPJM4310O4	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Love it!!!!
R2UHF50PD3JM96	1.0	I'm disappointed. I knew if the tablet had a problem ...	0	2	As in my country do not deliver the product, I travel a few days to the United States and buy the tablet, but the rear camera 8 mp not work for me. I'm disappointed. I knew if the tablet had a problem not going to change, but hoped that warked properly.
R3IMU8KTARY8EA	5.0	Excellent, went on easy first shot. No bubbles to fuss with is reusable. Excellent! Fits perfect!	0	2	For My Samsung Galaxy Pro 8.4 Tablet Excellent, went on easy first shot. No bubbles to fuss with is reusable. Excellent! Fits Perfect!
R2KNMN29W8UKUR	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Love it. Fits very accurately. Protects and I do recommend it highly.
R1I6D6R9VX617K	3.0	tablet is great love it just wish Amazon with a used packing ...	1	4	tablet is great love it just wish Amazon with a used packing materials to keep it from sliding around in box tablets are sensitive and should be treated as so Thanks
R4KZ8K6RMTR8Z	4.0	Samsung is pretty good across the board	0	3	Got a suspicious refurbished one and ended up returning it --and getting a bigger one of the same thing! I love the unit and believe it is very reliable, for the most part. The 8.4 is very portable and has brilliant screen, it did just not fit the bill in the size department--and actually the battery department. It does drain pretty fast if you like looking at a brilliantly bright and detailed screen--I can't seen the point in watching something at half res so that you can extend the battery life! Especially when you bought it for the brilliant screen? I think both the 8.4 and the 12.2 are brilliant, you just have to deal with any products short-comings--that's life.
R33FW198P8I8FO	1.0	Absolute garbage. Get iPads instead and save yourself the trouble	0	3	The biggest piece of S*** I Have ever owned. Kids got 3 for Christmas last year and all 3 are close to death. Absolute garbage. Get iPads instead and save yourself the trouble. I also have owned a Note 8 Note 10 and they are junk as well.
RQZ0SKBTL2HBA	1.0	Junk	0	3	product lasted 5 months and samsung is not standing by the product they refurbished, do not buy unless you want an expensive paper weight
R1B803LE6NVT1D	5.0	Five Stars	1	4	Great case
R3OBI5KO0L5UNN	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Good
R3FKG9MMZHZ49U	4.0	I would have given this 5 stars except for the ...	1	5	I would have given this 5 stars except for the fact you can't view e-cards cards you want to send. It doesn't support the video for this.
R1D0L32RXC9PWO	3.0	Three Stars	0	3	It takes some getting use to.
R3LJP46TDJOHUP	4.0	I am very satisfied with this product	0	4	I am very satisfied with this product. my only slight complaint is this after having this for 3 days now the battery like running basic play store games not movies or high graphic games the battery life they give for the specs is misleading the battery life is closer to 5 to 7 hours not 10 like the specs say. other than that I love this tablet.
R2KKW6ZUNXRKHY	3.0	Good performance, but not energy efficient	1	6	Very fast mini tablet. But battery life is not great. And I can't get used to the narrowness of the display. Going back to iPad.
R14KJATB8L2I30	3.0	worth 200 not 400	0	10	This tablet is as described and it's not bad but if I had paid four hundred dollars for it, I would have returned it.
R2O1LUE1DP81I7	2.0	I returned this device without opening. When I received ...	2	26	I returned this device without opening. When I received the device I found that it was refurbished and not new and unused as I had been led to believe by the listing.
R3H8KKLTVD2UV7	2.0	Two Stars	1	29	It work goog
