R2IDH1MJU028FO	5.0	Great product!	68	72	It is a very awesome product. Very easy to carry to beach, school, and so on. Great screen display. Google Android system. It also have a year warranty. So I do not really worry if any problems in this product. Amazingly it also has bluetooth. So basically, I paid 50 bucks but I bought everything. Such a good deal!
R3UE2GBEQXX8S7	4.0	NeuTab 7" Android Tablet: A First Look/ Critical Review	186	207	Â First, as someone who owns 4 other tablets, I think it's extremely important to look at this (and other tablets) from an objective place. I know that there are some people who feel disappointed from a spec and performance standpoint from this tablet but I think we should measure this against what it's selling for. Let's not have unrealistic expectations here. This is a $50 tablet. Don't expect the Windows of Heaven to open for 50 bucks. My best and favorite tablet at the moment is my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2/ International version which cost $730 from an importer about 8 months ago I don't (and didn't) expect this basic/ starter tablet to compete with Samsung or any of the others that I have that costs several hundred dollars more. You get what you pay for. But, for $50, you're actually getting a pretty good tablet that will suit someone's needs. *** The NeuTab (2015) features: * 7"/ 1024 x 600 display * 1.2GHz (x4) processors * 8 GB HDD * 512MB of RAM * Android 4.4 OS * Front and Back facing camera * 1-year warranty Now the tablet has a slot for external storage. I put in SanDisk 8 microSD card. *** The kit comes with: * Tablet * Micro USB cable (x2) * screen protector * AC wall charger * an offer for a free case *** Performance *** The performance was a mixed bag. If you have "better" tablets at your disposal, then you'd see the limitations that this tablet suffers from. 512MB of RAM is NOT sufficient. It's passable, if you're one with very basic needs: check the internet, email, texting. But activities such as gaming and/or multitasking in business projects like an office suite, you see just how much the system will lag with such a very low RAM installed. In the video, I show how this looks when compared to it's nearest competitor who's offering a tablet with marginally better spec's but at about 2x the price. Game play-- Game play was good. With only slight aliasing, I was hardly aware of it most of the time while playing. The colors, even with video files that I placed on the external microSD card looked a bit darker and shadowy when played adjacent to the other tablet. The speed of the video was excellent. The sound was accurate. You're not getting Bose Audio quality but the sound is good and par for the course. Camera and video camera-- Again, as you'll see in the accompanying video, that the camera as adequate. The spec's are not listed here on Amazon's product page but I believe we're dealing with a >1MP camera. When the manufacturer says "HD" resolution. It can mean Standard definition (720) or Full Definition (1080). By either definition, the display is actually slightly less than standard definition. But, other companies have also marketed the same resolution as "HD" when the meaning of Standard HD is 1280 X 720. That maybe spitting hairs but the resolution especially for bright, vibrant games and video playback is pretty good. If there's anything that really sets this apart is that NeuTab designed a casing that makes finding the right buttons very easy: comfortable spacing and the markings are at a comfortable font size. I like the N7, this model from NeuTab. For a very basic tablet, it has a lot of features and it's performance exceeded what I'd expect from a bargain priced tablet. A Walmart superstore is just a few blocks away from me and they sell $50 tablets. BrandsMart is a few miles away and they sell $50 tablets. Good luck if anyone can find something halfway decent amongst the POS that they're offering. I'd take this NeuTab over the junk any day. Grade: C+/B-
R29F5R9R8MC8Z9	5.0	GREAT TABLET.. One of the few at this price that offers bluetooth!	220	253	Excellent Tablet for the PRICE! Here are a few things to keep in mind before purchasing this tablet.. 1.) ONE OF THE FEW tablets under $50 that actually includes bluetooth! 2.) This quad-core tablet can offer great performance! It can handle most games and can do most task with ease.. I downloaded several of the top 10 games from Google Play and all of them played with no problem! I was also able to edit both video and photos with ease! The tablet had plenty of power to do both! 3.) Speaking of google play, this tablet has it preinstalled.. Again, a rarity for tablets this price!! Having play already installed is a big plus as it can be a little tricky to sideload yourself.. 4.) Battery life is very good.. I get about 3 - 4 hours out of mine with average use.. This is what is advertised for this tablet so no issues there.. 5.) Ram is a little lacking on this tablet, so don't expect a lot of multitasking.. Again, for the price this is not a complaint.. Just something I would like to point out.. With that being said, running single apps was great and had no issues with the ram 6.) This tablet SHINES on video streaming.. If you are looking for a media device for Netflix, Hulu, downloaded movies on an SD card this tablet rocks.. It makes a very inexpensive media device!! The onboard speaker is decent and the screen is pretty good at streaming video! 7.) Want a keyboard?? USB keyboards work fine!! This tablet also offers bluetooth so those keyboards work great as well!! So in conclusion if you are looking for a STEAL of a tablet, this is it!! Will it compete agains Ipad? Kindle Fire? and others on the market?? NO NOT AT ALL but those other tablets are several hundred bucks! If you want a tablet for your kid, a basic tablet for media, a second tablet for yourself, this tablet is GREAT! I highly recommend this for anyone who is new to tablets or anyone who wants a very good tablet at a very low price
R39RBAIVH21ZE8	5.0	Excellent Tablet	67	75	Excellent Tablet for the PRICE! Here are a few things to keep in mind before purchasing this tablet.. 1.) ONE OF THE FEW tablets under $50 that actually includes bluetooth! 2.) This quad-core tablet can offer great performance! It can handle most games and can do most task with ease.. I downloaded several of the top 10 games from Google Play and all of them played with no problem! I was also able to edit both video and photos with ease! The tablet had plenty of power to do both! 3.) Speaking of google play, this tablet has it preinstalled.. Again, a rarity for tablets this price!! Having play already installed is a big plus as it can be a little tricky to sideload yourself.. 4.) Battery life is very good.. I get about 3 - 4 hours out of mine with average use.. This is what is advertised for this tablet so no issues there.. 5.) Ram is a little lacking on this tablet, so don't expect a lot of multitasking.. Again, for the price this is not a complaint.. Just something I would like to point out.. With that being said, running single apps was great and had no issues with the ram 6.) This tablet SHINES on video streaming.. If you are looking for a media device for Netflix, Hulu, downloaded movies on an SD card this tablet rocks.. It makes a very inexpensive media device!! The onboard speaker is decent and the screen is pretty good at streaming video! 7.) Want a keyboard?? USB keyboards work fine!! This tablet also offers bluetooth so those keyboards work great as well!! So in conclusion if you are looking for a STEAL of a tablet, this is it!! Will it compete agains Ipad? Kindle Fire? and others on the market?? NO NOT AT ALL but those other tablets are several hundred bucks! If you want a tablet for your kid, a basic tablet for media, a second tablet for yourself, this tablet is GREAT! I highly recommend this for anyone who is new to tablets or anyone who wants a very good tablet at a very low price
RTKIMZK5W3SOB	5.0	great product	59	66	Truthfully its not a galaxy tablet or anything remotely close but for 50 dollars its an exelent tablet and i am very happy with it. it feels and is of a cheap build, the screen is low quality, but is clear and does the job. being that its a quad core it is definately a great tablet for the money. if your planning on using this in your living room to surf the internet or use it through wifi to use your home theater app or do small tasks , this is for you but if your planning on using it for school, writing essays, and doing advanced things on it, or even downloading things like the assasins creed unity app , which is almost 500 mb and uses alot of memory, then seek other options, possibly an octa core. things like schoolwork and continueus looking at the screen could be better utilized with a tablet that comes with a great, edge lit led type ,fancy screen, but for alot of normal use this is your tablet, and if your thinking about getting a samsung tablet just so you can have the best, even if you dont do alot of heavy things but just want the best, its a waste of money. theese tablets are made for everyday life and im glad they have companies like this just for that , id give it 6 stars if i could because im actually a little bit more satisfied with this item then i thought, but, it is what it is so i hope it doesent discourage you from buying because this could be a great peice for your home and extremely convenient for you, o btw, its not half bad for android games either although id recommend something a little more higher up, not much higher up, but a bit, thanks neutab for giving me a tab for a great price that does everything i needed. o btw, video play is really good on it too!!, and shipping? fastest shipping ive ever had on amazon!!!
R2ULW0WFX8Z0DR	1.0	Buyer beware!!!	22	22	Ordered black and got hot pink even though the box said black. Took four days to connect to full wifi. Speaker only lasted two days. No quality with this product. No promises were kept. Had to throw it into the trash. Will never recommend any of their products. Can't even get a replacement or refund.
R3RE6I16U5IJMY	5.0	Good product, worth itz	40	44	It is listed with a huge discount, with this price level, I believe it is a fairly good purchase. The tablet is very functional and the battery actually lasts longer than i expected,I've installed a lot of apps and so far it runs very smoothly.
RT6WY12VZ9NEK	5.0	Great For Gaming, Browsing, And Most Video...	152	181	I got theÂ NeuTab N7 Pro 7'' Quad-Core TabletÂ for the basic stuff, entertainment games, quickly checking things on the net (email, searching, etc.), and watching videos during down time. What works for me with this tablet is native support for Google play, and Amazon App store installed and worked without consequence. Haven't found app I use regularly that won't work with this tablet. On the first charge, I got a couple days use before needing to charge again. Mostly gaming, internet browsing use. I keep screen brightness low and that helped with battery life. I like that I have Bluetooth on a budget tablet like this, some selling at 2-3 times the price don't even have it. Paired it with wireless headphones and a Bluetooth keyboard without a problem. Storage space is fine, has 8GB for my apps and so on (about 5-6GB user accessible), and I can add a Micro-SD card for more space. I prefer theÂ SanDisk Ultra 32 GB microSDHC, I can really load it up with music and movies to watch on the go. For apps that support it, I just move them over to the SD card I inserted. Tablet has basic accessories, USB cable, charging cable, screen protector, manual, and a USB wall adapter. None of my Kindle device came with half that. Overall, very happy with theÂ NeuTab N7 Pro 7'' Quad-Core Tablet. Works great for my needs and performs great for its price range. [Review Sample Provided For Review And Evaluation]
RWIQFLMNCKHR2	5.0	Happy Birthday Mom	26	28	Not really a computer friendly 65 year old, my mother yearns to learn but under her overly active fear of technology. Hence, my purchase of the NeuTab. After reading a mixture of reviews I was hesitant. However, with a price tag of $49 I figured no big loss if it did not work out. Although, it is awesome!! The camera is even better than my Galaxy 10 inch screen. I set her up with an email and downloaded a few games she prefers to play. After a few instructions and showing her that her fear of the net can be shut off under the WiFi mode she sat down and actually started playing it with ease. Not a hard tap as I feared but more like a nice easy touch and go application to all the apps. Much like my own tablet and android phone I was able to get my mother set up and hopefully on her way to advancing in technology.
R30HYBN90V9C40	1.0	Not worth it afterall...	42	50	Updated review: After 3 months, the charger port lost its solder integrity and I had to open it up and re-solder it myself. It kept breaking, so I had to start charging it via the microUSB port, which was fine, but then the same thing started happening to that port. 6 months after purchase, the tablet started spontaneously rebooting, and now 7 months after purchase, it shuts down completely at random. I would NOT recommend this tablet even if you think it's your only option. Save up a little more and buy a Kindle Fire HD 6 or 7. Original review: Great beginner's tablet. It runs a vanilla Android Kit Kat OS and that's a good thing. It has access to the Google Play Store and as far as the actual operating system and default apps are concerned, it is no different than my Moto G. I've read other reviews here that have warned of pre-installed titles of a questionable nature being discovered and am happy to report that there were no apps installed that weren't standard fare (media player, optimizer app, etc.) for pretty much every Android device out there, regardless of manufacturer. The N7 Pro has run all the apps I've asked it to, including Minecraft PE, without much fuss. It doesn't have much RAM, but if you keep the running apps to a minimum, you won't have any problems. Media playback on Plex, Youtube, Netflix and Hulu works great. The device is sturdy enough to stand up to daily use, and doesn't flex easily in your hands (not that you should try it, but kids do weird things sometimes). The white color and Christmas decorations on the back are hidden by the case we bought for it, but it has no bearing on usability. I'd say that this is a good entry level tablet for the money and as long as you manage your expectations appropriately, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
RBKECZ32LYWFV	4.0	Overall a good tablet PC with fast internet speed	37	44	This is the second time I purchased this tablet. I usually use this for web browsing and this tablet made my day. The internet speed is fast even though it is connected to WIFI. 7 inches screen is big enough for me since I use iPhone4S and it is way bigger than my phone screen.... The camera has font and rear facing just like an smart phone. It also come with some handful apps which I haven't have a chance to play with. Well, I don't do a lot of things with a Tablet PC, just web browsing and watch some videos/movies and that's it. I kind of like this tablet so far. Thanks.
R2DJY8MPT6G3HY	5.0	Good Product !	26	30	This product works so well that I will actually suggest my friends and family to buy this. I donâ€™t like mac, so I always use android product. This product matches all I need and I definitely will consider buy this as a birthday gift to my husband. The apps and music works really good and I really like the Bluetooth part of this product.I can connect it with my speaker and play loud music at parties. Overall, I think people should buy this and discover more about this product.
R11CD6EYJQXECA	3.0	Its a good tablet for $50 however the background colors aren't all ...	26	30	Its a good tablet for $50 however the background colors aren't all there, they are not nearly as vibrant as let's say a Samsung galaxy note tab 4 thus making viewing the screen difficult for long periods of time also I don't like how certain apps aren't compatible with this device such as PayPal and my bank but are compatible on my android Samsung tablet as well as my android phone.....good for the money but I'd rather save up more and by a better one.
R3EP9QDST4P3J9	5.0	worth you money, works great	29	34	works great, I use it during class, the size is prefect, so it is not heavy at all, Now I don't need to carry my backpack everytime. I am so happy that I just spent 59 to get this useful product. I'll give it 5 stars for the value.
R1HAB2X2L0QHID	4.0	4 stars with a caveat	16	18	Inside the box with the tablet is the instruction book, an AC adaptor with USB port, and a micro USB cable (approximately 2 feet 4 inches in length) and a USB to round barrel plug (approximately 3 feet in length). The specs of the tablet includes the current Android 4.4.2 OS with a quad-core (Armv7 1.2 Ghz) CPU, 512 MB ram, 8 GB rom, capability with a micro slot to add up to 32 MB micro SD card, 1024 x 600 screen resolution, wireless N, Bluetooth capability, a .3 MP front and 2 MP rear camera. For a tablet in this price range (less than 50 dollars), I adjust my expectations as this is a budget level tablet and I know tablets in this price range won't have all the capabilities of the latest higher end/higher priced tablets. With tablets in this price range there are always compromises but surprisingly this tablet has Bluetooth built in, which is not typical for budget tablets. For basic web surfing, checking email, streaming video, and playing some games this tablet will do the job just fine. This tablet doesn't have the speed or screen resolution of the more expensive tablets nor is the camera resolution as high as the more expensive tablets. The cameras themselves look pretty archaic against even my old droid X phone camera The tablet is 7 inches by 4.5 inches in size, about .25 inches thick and fairly lightweight. The top of the tablet has the power button, headphone port, micro charging port, with the headphone jack and volume buttons on the side. The SD card slot is hidden a bit on the side. There is no HDMI port on this tablet. The initial boot up time for the tablet is ok (at about 40 to 45) but not as quick as other budget tablets that I have used. Luckily, there is a quick boot mode that cuts the time to about 5 seconds. The touch screen is responsive and worked as it should. I did have some moments where I had some issues touching items at the screen edges. Connecting to my network (which is AC with encryption) was quick and had no issues. There is very little bloat-ware preinstalled on the tablet but that doesn't leave me with no concerns. I could not update the google search app, every time I tried to do so I received a package error asking me to completely uninstall the app. This indicates to me that there is a problem with that app. I then downloaded different antivirus apps and scanned the tablet and both indicated that there are security issues with the google search app including one indicating a virus in the google search app and the other indicating malware in the app. That is really concerning to me. I have ran these antivirus programs before on various tablets including budget level tablets and never had a standard android app give me a virus warning. With budget tablets, it is common to get the unsecured privilege mode warning (meaning it has been rooted) but never a virus warning like this. I have emailed the company to ask about the issue and will update my review if I get a response. At this point I have found no way to get rid of the google search app completely and reinstall it and I am not experienced enough in rooting tablets to know if I can just put a new android OS on this. Like most budget tablets, you should make some setting changes including changing the time zone (mine was set to Beijing time), disabling developer mode and disabling the unknown sources setting for added security. Because of the google search issue, I also disabled that for the time being. One of the first things I do (aside from installing and anti-virus app) was check for any updates. I could not find an update button for the tablet, either I am missing it or it doesn't have a way to update the software. The tablet charged fully within a couple hours and the battery life is decent for a budget level tablet giving me about 5 to 6 hours of use, but of course that depends on what you are doing on it as well. Most budget tablets lack Bluetooth capability but this one has Bluetooth. I tested the Bluetooth capability by connecting a set of headphones to it which paired quickly and easily. For this tablet you really have a limited amount of space for apps as most tablets do in this price range. I highly recommend adding at least an 8 gig card or you will find as with most budget tablets you have limited space for adding your apps and games. Although I initially tested this tablet without any additional memory installed and had no issues updating/installing any apps with the exception of the google search issue. Moving as many apps as possible to the SD card will also save a bit of frustration as well. Streaming videos worked fine but the screen resolution and sound is not as sharp as higher end tablets but for the price it is pretty good. Because of the limited space, some games might have difficulty with this tablet. The sound itself was ok (a bit underpowered) but about what I expected from a tablet in this price range. The cameras both worked but with the low resolutions are not really something this tablet would be used for. This apps I tried were quick and responsive and as I always do, I ran a tablet benchmarking app and it completed all the tests with no problems but ranked where you would expect a tablet in this price range would. It is not going to win any races for sure but for a basic net surfing and email tablet this will work fine. This tablet for the price is an ok budget tablet. I give my ranking and say that with a bit of a caveat though. I am concerned about the google search app being detected as malware or virus and can't say I will personally use this tablet until I can get the issues resolved. Either there is a virus on this tablet or someone has tinkered with the google app for some unknown purpose that has disabled it to the point to where it can no longer be updated. 4 stars I was provided a sample for review and I do not promise a good rating in return, nor am I affiliated with this company or compensated in any way. I am just a regular Amazon customer who shops a lot on Amazon.
R1XGITGIG76V3W	3.0	It's an ok product but I am a little disappointed...	16	18	It is a decent product for the price, don't get me wrong, but I set my bar way to high before I ordered this product. I have another tablet I got from Verizon and I wanted to upgrade. I thought this would be the upgrade but it falls short in several areas: the battery life, a little slower with using apps, and does not work well when trying to stream from it to my chromecast. The battery life on this product, in my opinion, feels like a timer counting down; I literally watched the percent just steadily decrease and it just pained me to know that I would have to charge it again so very soon! :( I might be spoiled by the battery life on my other tablet, but it does not take away from the fact that it is disappointing. I am the kind of guy who switches between apps like a mad man. It took several seconds longer to change apps on this tablet over my other one. Several seconds may not sound like much but it seems like an eternity sometimes. YouTube is also much slower on this tablet for some reason - maybe it's just a defect on my product, I am not sure. I like to use my tablet to stream through my chromecast but this tablet was having a difficulty changing between videos; it even went as far as to freezing at one point - this was a consistent occurrence and was very disappointing. In conclusion, this is a good tablet for anyone just coming onto the scene of the tablet industry; for those of us who have owned a tablet before, this is probably not the best choice but it can be livable. P.s. Part of the screen when flipped in a certain way does not work; fortunately enough, I do not use that part of the screen at all so it can be ignored.
RZPVZJDVKOJAO	5.0	2 stars	10	10	I liked this when it first came, but now the power button sank into the hole and not coming out. now we can't turn the tablet on. I'm starting to regret ever buying this.
RROPMKGVYY38Y	1.0	Bought it mostly for my daughter to watch her movies and it did not meet our expectations.	15	17	Could not get it to work properly from the start. The screen would freeze, when buttons were pushed, nothing would happen. Movies or videos would not play, even after all the updates and required video players were downloaded.
RJIBIBDNC7LFN	1.0	I ordered 2, the first did not work after ...	8	8	I ordered 2, the first did not work after about 3 weeks, thw 2cnd did,t work out of the box.
R1R0QUA8TURM1E	1.0	Not worth the money	10	11	Poor quality. Resolution is very pixelated. Colors on the screen are odd and too bright...even when the screen brightness is turned all the way down. Operating system is slower than slow. No thanks.
RUDLF2SWPCZGG	1.0	Not worth the effort of ordering	6	6	I bought four of these to use on a family road trip from Alaska to Utah. The first day of our trip we started having problems. They don't play downloaded movies. Now they won't play the movies even streaming from WiFi. One got stuck on a start up loop and won't go to the main menu. One won't hook up to the internet. I read the reviews before I bought them and decided they would be just what I needed and the price was really good. I thought if they lasted through our trip it would be worth the price. Well they did not even live up to that. Now I warn anyone who needs the simplest tablet to stay away from this one. It is supposed to do a lot but I found that it didn't do the basic things that a kid would need from it. Games and Movies.
R1MDD1IFQWFC4U	1.0	Like I said	14	17	I ordered this tablet on prime looking for something inexpensive to haul around. I understand for the price not to expect all the bells and whistles but I expected it to work. First off the camera didn't even work, stating there was some type of connection error. It also has a very, very short wi-fi range. My wi-fi from my house registers 100 yards from outside a brick building on my other devices but this one barely pinged at 10 feet. Also the left hand side of the touch screen was non-responsive to touch or stylus. Like I said, I know it is an inexpensive tablet but I at least expect it to be able to check my email 2 rooms from my router. Most disappointing purchase from amazon ever.
R2K5QY2DAE4SVS	1.0	Junk! The screen arrived broke!	8	9	This tablet is junk, do not buy! The screen came broken. This is the second tablet I've purchased from amazon that has come defective. Very upset!!!
RYXETGOHO0MKB	1.0	BAD CHOICE	10	12	The touch screen is almost non-responsive and requires heavy poking with a fingertip. At times the screen won't respond at all and I had to re-boot to unlock it. The camera image is so distorted and blurry that the device would not scan a bar-code. I definitely would not recommend this product for any use.
R1V9J74U7GEUAT	4.0	Great for the price!	14	18	Bought the tablet for uninterrupted reading and surfing. My smartphone is bombarded with texts and calls so it's not great for reading, same with the laptop. I don't need amazing graphics or a great camera, but I want all the Android apps if I choose. For what I bought it for, the tablet is a great value. I've been using it for over 5 hours and there's still a quarter of a battery charge on it. Kindle works fine on it and so does Facebook (though it's a bit slow). The size is perfect for me and I got what I expected. The cons? Yep, there are several, but they aren't anything I care about. The cameras are awful--I can't take a clear pic. There's a USB port (for data I believe) but the charging port is an old-school cylindrical plug-in, so I'm betting that you can't charge on the USB. I was warned that the screen isn't ideal for watching movies--this may be true, but it's more than enough for my needs. The only reason this review isn't 5 stars is that the screen touch is inconsistent. It's sensitive in some areas but hard to get a response in others (like where you turn the wifi on). This tablet is easily worth the $50 I paid for it.
RSPWLVHDQYRSC	1.0	Poor Quality control	8	9	Never got a chance to test it out. The power adapter plug kept falling out
R1MPIE1SAF5H5B	3.0	Works well but.....	4	4	I use this tablet to run the torque app. It works well at displaying the app and the Bluetooth speed is surprisingly good at keeping up with the OBD II reader. My only two complaints include the battery life and the touch screen. I understand this is a $50 dollar unit but the battery is only good for a short while after you unplug it and the reboot process is time consuming after it dies. The touch screen is unbelievably easy to scratch, even being super gentile with it just the normal finger presses seem to scratch up the face plate.
R1I3IIZN5Q72IF	5.0	Five stars	10	12	Good performance and it is so easy to carry! I use it for school, which is really nice!
R3BIRD8TC0TGJQ	5.0	Five Stars	16	20	I love it.
R3OKCZZDST2ZC1	5.0	For $50 you will not do better for a simple tablet.	3	3	I've owned 3 other droid tabllets (not same seller) that died almost immediately. I'll update if that is an issue with this one. I try to write my reviews after a week or so but they are offering a case if I post a review so doing so now. FYI a lot of sellers do this, it is important to note the review doesn't have to be positive so don't worry about that influencing. I'm not a very tech savy person, but am pretty familiar with droid as my smartphone is a droid. I paid for next day shipping, had by 10 AM next day. I work online and my laptop died on Friday. Needed a quick replacement until I can afford computer repair.$60 with one day shipping seemed like a steal. Arrived well packaged. Looked and felt like what I expected. Yes back is an inexpensive plastic, if I wanted expensive feel would have ordered expensive. The tap screen works reasonably well. I do have some issue accessing the app shortcut icon on right hand side of screen, I quickly saved setting icon to home screen to avoid that frustration. All I really need it for is to access Google docs, as most my clients use Google for teleworking. I do have one who uses Microsoft. I'm able to access my Microsoft Home Office no problem. I save everything in Dropbox or OneDrive so storage space not an issue. I only play Forge of Empires and haven't had any tablet related issues doing so. I've downloaded Skype, but need to contact them regarding connecting Bluetooth, I wish that had been included in instruction manual. Oh speed. Well it is slower than my laptop but that is to be expected. I live in a townhouse, the router is in upstairs bedroom and I have no WiFi issues. The seller also includes a screen guard.. So when you consider a decent basic tablet, a case (with review) plus screen cover $50 a darn good deal.
R46JE7TJ2SU00	4.0	Starter tablet has all the features	3	3	Very pleased with this table. It works much like my Android phone so it was an easy transition to make for me. It is definitely a Google intended gadget, as it has you set up for Gmail and Chrome all preloaded. All you have to do is connect to your wireless connection and the address bar is ready to go. I watched some videos on Youtube and also listened to some podcasts. I like this one by my bed as it's convenient to listen to something before I sleep. The color on mine was great, quite bright. The buttons are a bit quick, very easy to tap a letter and have several of the same come out. I need to figure out how to change that setting. They also click loud, which is fine with me because I can hear what I'm doing. Sound is above average for a tablet, better than the sound on my Android phone, and the volume goes higher than my Kindle. It has a front and back camera and a very sturdy feel. About the same width as the Kindle but a slightly smaller screen as I have the big K. Everything is adjusted in the upper right corner, you just swipe down and all the settings are there to make adjustments. This would be a great gift for a kid to try out a tablet, and it's nice to have a spare as well. Charging is fast. In all, highly recommend. My only gripe was the super fast button entry. I rec'd this product as a sample to inspect and review.
R3ROMJUN7SUMFH	1.0	Smashed	7	8	I got here 5-29-15 smashed not useable. I want my money back
R3NSNK46IBD9Q5	5.0	Great item	6	7	This is my first tablet with a price lower than 100. But it works so great! I bought it for my roommate as a thank you gift, she loves it. She thought is should be over 200 dollars! The design is super good. The system is also quite good! She brought it everywhere everyday.
R3AMNH8JISFUGD	1.0	I ordered two of these tablets and was excited beyond ...	6	7	I ordered two of these tablets and was excited beyond words. Then I opened them. One was received with scratches and a loose housing. The housing on the second was so offset that the camera was obstructed and the charger wouldn't connect. Truly disappointing!
R2YJYCP14JXVKA	5.0	Perfect buy for me ðŸ˜Š	3	3	I just received my new Neutab N7 Pro and so far it exceeds my expectations! Now I wasn't expecting anything crazy I already own a surface 3 and I just wanted something ails to play Netflix and Hulu and maybe take a picture here and there and this not only does all that exceedingly well it does so much more! I was also very surprised to find out it actually comes with a screen protector for you to put on and an extra USB cable! So far I'm very happy with my purchase and will update of anything changes
R1VRAWIRSJFSQF	1.0	DO NOT WASTE YOUR $$$$!!!!	5	6	I had received this as a gift. For what it was worth..... They could had kept it! The thing whacked out in less than a week, kept crashing while loading games (some never even made it passed the damn loading screens) and it began to get stuck looping the device boot up screen. Emailed the company, sent out the unit for a replacement and the sent back the exact same one and didnt do anything more than reflash the device. Battery began to die and I had shut it down and as I had rebooted it, the looping of the damn boot up screen again. This company was BSing me for a week until I had to report this to Amazon. In a nutshell, if you're looking for a decent tablet, better customer service and peace of mind.... Get a Dragon Touch device. DO NOT.... I REPEAT..... DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED DOLLARS ON THIS JUNK!!!!
R305VH8NJ9O63F	1.0	keep your money	3	3	This tablet SUCKS!!!!!!!!!! If you see a 1 star it is because I had to rate it. I have had to fine tune this thing more than I should have. Touch sensitivity suck. The color of the screen sucks. Cheaply made. My wifi is excellent and I get kick off - so something is wrong on either end. Save your money. About slammed it up against the wall.
R18EC11Z0MQK97	5.0	Outstanding value for the money	2	2	Overall this is a great little tablet for the price. It does not compare to a more expensive tablet like a Galaxy or an iPad. If you are used to a $200+ tablet and are expecting that kind of performance you will be disappointed. With that said, I own an iPad Mini 1 which is running iOS 9. That older hardware runs at a very similar speed (if not a little slower) than the NeuTab. I purchased this for my son to use at school. We do not allow him to use the internet or YouTube on his phone; however, there are several classes which require him to use his device, which put us in a bind. Our solution was to purchase a $50 tablet for him to use at school. A bonus of the price is that if he trashes it we are not out a lot of money. I found a $10 7" case on Amazon with the elastic corners and it fits fine. I think anything you find on Amazon to fit a 7" tablet will work fine. There is an offer in the box for a free case but I have not received it yet so I can't speak to what it is. I originally purchased the new Amazon Fire but then returned it and bought this one instead. Since I purchased and used both in a short period of time, I will compare the two tablets. Screen: This is the biggest hit on this tablet. The screen is washed out if you look at it at any kind of angle. The Amazon Fire screen is much better. Battery life: Unknown so far. It shipped with a 90% charge and drained to 70% within about an hour of heavy use (initial downloads and install). Packaging: The tablet comes in a plain brown box but is very securely packaged. It comes with a micro-USB cord, a proprietary power cord, and a standard USB power supply. It comes with a screen protector which is custom cut to this tablet. It also has an offer for a free case. Amazon Fire packaging is very nice and includes everything but a screen protector and a free case. Startup: The Amazon Fire took about 30 minutes to download and update everything. It shipped already linked to my Amazon account which was convenient. The NeuTab started right up but was very slow at first. I realize now that it was also downloading updates to several apps (Hangouts, Google Play, and Chrome). Once those downloads were complete (about 10 minutes) the performance picked back up. The registration was a little more clunky than the Fire. Standard Android stuff. Buttons/Ports: The Fire has a power button, volume button, and micro-USB port. The NeuTab has the same plus a small (2mm) power spot. I don't know why they included the proprietary cable and put the charging port in. It charges fine through the standard micro-USB port. I will probably throw away the extra power cord once I'm sure that everything is working OK. Warranty: The NeuTab has a 1 year warranty. Fire also has a 1 year warranty. Speed: The NeuTab is about what you would expect for a $50 tab. Fire is a little snappier but nothing to write home about. Parental Control: I installed a free app called Kids Place that allows you to fence off the tablet and only allow access to certain apps. There is a timer plugin to this app which only allows access during certain times of the day, or you can set a daily timer. This works better for me than the Fire FreeTime feature since FreeTime does not allow access to the browser. My son also requires an app called SeeSaw which was not available in the Amazon app store. If you are wanting to get a tablet and install any apps on it, the Fire is probably not for you. If you are mainly wanting to watch videos, you probably want to go with the Fire since the screen on the NeuTab is so particular about viewing angle. Overall: At the end of the day the biggest advantage the Fire tab has is the screen. It is also deeply integrated with the greater Amazon ecosystem. The problem is that you lose access to the bigger Android app market. The NeuTab has access to every Android app that will run in Android 4.4. This lack of a fence is the biggest reason that I will be using this tab instead of the Fire. So far I am very pleased.
R1BPLGL7812WSX	4.0	Great For The Price And My Purpose	2	2	It's pretty great. I've had it for little bit now, and it's had no problems. The actual screen is 6 inch width and 3 1/2 inch height. I have over 30 apps on it now and it's barely ever laggy for me. Unless I'm playing a video, then it will sometimes need to buffer. It works great for making notes or just going on websites. I really like that it has two charging ports because if you lose or break a charger, you could just use the other one. The sound quality is also pretty good. The price is AMAZING for the quality. My drawing tablet costs more than this thing. As for the bad stuff, the camera is really pixelated and it's very laggy. I don't use the camera though, so it's not a problem. For the bluetooth, it just isn't working for me. Whenever I try to connect to something, it just keeps saying "Searching for devices..." So that's a bummer. It might just depend on the device you're trying to connect to though. The battery can get kind of hot if you have been using it for a while, but not so much you have to put it down, I usually just switch hands. And I think while you're charging it the same thing happens. And for some reason whenever I plug in the wall charger they sent with it, It makes a weird quiet, high pitched humming sound. But it's very quiet and it doesn't bother me unless I actually focus on the humming. Overall, this is a great tablet. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a cheaper tablet.
RP7YG93HTJ4WP	1.0	Charge fully, shut down. Next morning battery dead ...	3	3	Charge fully, shut down. Next morning battery dead. This happened several times. Not an error of leaving tablet on. Inexpensive, yes, but not worth the aggravation. I am hoping I can return it!
R2VYS6M1YFMZ6P	5.0	Great tablets, great price, works in all aspects, streaming, wifi, games, VERY HAPPY	4	5	I purchased two of these because i couldn't beat the price and the tablet. I loaded everything on there for my children and they are working great. I plan to watch them closely and see how well they keep functioning and will re-post another review here in a few weeks. These are great tablets for the price and even if not for the price they are functioning very well. You tube streams properly, so do movies, etc. We purchased the expansion cards bc of the limited memory and an external battery charger. I noticed my kids were able to get a good 3-3.5 hours of continual play on these on full charge. The external batter charger ($9.99 3200mah) works very well when they are at low battery and could possibly play 3 more hours (which they shouldn't be doing). I just wanted to test these out to be aware of their battery life and the next day we let them die down and plugged it up to the external battery. The sound, the screen image quality is great and going from app to app is quick. I have an ipad and a windows surface...these work better than the surface IMO my husband keeps having windows problems with his he commented he should get one of these. we also purchased the cover folio that goes with this as my kids may drop and didn't know how these would hold up so i wanted to help these little tablets along as much as i could. oh and the head phones work great on these as well. i haven't had an issue only on my son's where the wifi was flickering on and off but not enough to stop him from streaming his video and it froze one time that i know of but i was doing a bunch of downloading and setting up his tablet so that may be it; however, i am keeping an eye out on these issues and have asked my son to let me know. i disconnected wifi and reconnected with password and it still flickered but again it didn't stop the streaming. Overall, extremely happy with these tablets and i highly recommend these for any age. will re-post progress in a few weeks.
R10OIU47AEU5VC	5.0	My neutab	4	4	I love it. It got here so fast
RSS1S7S26HE68	2.0	Not a good value.	3	3	You get what you pay for. Definitely not worth the money...battery wouldn't stay charged for longer than 15 minutes. Had to return. Amazon has great customer service.
R3GLQW58480X8J	4.0	Good beginners tablet at a great price, Exj	2	2	At $50.00 its hard to find anything wrong with this tablet. I don't mean to say it does everything perfect. What I like about this tablet is that is that i will be using it for a long time doing a variety of things with it that individually would cost me so much my more. It plays music , I can email, watch a movie, Skype, play a game stream t.v., listen to a book, draw a sketch and on and on it goes. It froze a few times whatching john Olivers last week tonight show. That was a bit annoying but that's what I would expect for a $50.00 tablet. I would say get I if you have no tablet at all or you have been curious about them, this is a great one too start with. If you don't like it think to yourself it only cost the same as one month of you cellphone bill but works for free at most coffee houses and that is not too bad compared to last month phone bill right? If you had a tablet before you'll probably want a better tablet than this one.
R1C0R192TIK7NC	5.0	Good price	8	10	Bought it for my dad and he likes it! Enough for him!
R1Q1EES77UDQOK	1.0	Sucks	5	6	Don't buy this should have known it was cheap and didn't work properly would kick you out of WiFi and games constantly I returned this piece of junk thanks to Amazon being a great company
R20A1BBZLZSEX4	2.0	Overhyped - don't waste your time or money	2	2	It works, barely, but that's about all I can say that's positive about this. The reviews on Amazon are far too positive. The tablet is a compromise in just about every way. Lousy battery life, flimsy feel (the back side actually bends like a plastic drink cup), awful screen, very little memory and a sad camera. The speakers inexplicably hissed at times, and it regularly loses the WiFi signal. Listen frugal Amazon shoppers: for $10 more, you can get a certified refurbished name brand tablet right on this site that is actually useful. I'm sure this review will draw some hisses, but I set the bar low in terms of expectations and this didn't make it.
R1CQYVMW4GM4SV	4.0	Decent tablet for the price	2	2	Wasn't expecting much at that price I just needed a tablet for my 7 yr old son. He loves it, he installed a lot of games from play store with ease and for free. Battery seems to be a little problem maybe 4 hrs at most. Possibly will run longer if he closes unused program. It doesn't look cheap. The touchscreen Seems to be responding very well. the screen is very sharp and the processor very fast. My son was able to play his games with no problem. Will see in next few months if it will survive all the abuse from my child. Update: no problem so far, so I decided to get a second one, this time for my daughter.
R23JCBFJP3UUO	3.0	This tablet is quite a good tablet for those who are simply looking for a ...	4	5	This tablet is quite a good tablet for those who are simply looking for a cheap tablet for home use. If you're looking for a tablet for light usage then this tablet ought to be the one for you. This tablet is also for one of the few ones that allow for the use of Bluetooth and can it can be a bit slow if you plan for heavy usage such as gaming and extensive multi-tasking. This by no means a bad tablet but for the price it is and I love it, my only wish is that there are no buttons physically on the device so I presume if the screen was to break, you'd be out of luck if the screen breaks or shatters but I like it and I'm carefully with my products so I don't see it an issue on my part. If you're looking for really good tablet, I'd promote elsewhere but if you'd short on money, I'd recommend it.
R1DA4N0EBA1QTL	5.0	My 3 Year Old Love His Tablet	5	6	My 3 Year Old Love His Tablet,First We Had Problems After I Fixed That It Works Lovely Only For $50 Can't Beat That....
R3L09Q2DLLKCNE	5.0	Great for the price!	2	2	Its a brighter color, more neon than the one shown in the image but now that I look at it that's expected. This tablet is perfect for entertainment use such as watching videos on youtube, movies on Netflix and playing games. It's a great buy given the affordable price. I have a Bluetooth keyboard that works well with this item. The tablet comes with a screen protector, usb cord, and charger. The best part is the tablet comes fully charged so you can just take it out of the box and start playing with it right away. Definitely recommend!
R1BVPPWQN27HNA	5.0	Exceeds expectation w/ Class	2	2	This tablet exceeds my expectations, given the price displayed. I bought this for college this year, so I could have a versatile and lightweight PC. Paired with the plethora of apps to download on Google Play, the tablet's user can easily make this one of his most valuable tools. I personally recommend downloading Kingsoft Office for a solid word processor, slide processor (ppt), and spreadsheet maker. They save in Microsoft friendly file types, such as .doc and .ppt. I like this tablet so much that I typed this review on it.
R18TIYXDD3TS11	2.0	Don't buy if you are looking for a good tablet!	2	2	The Tablet is slow, very slow it sometimes takes a minute to load the home screen and when i try to open apps the battery really sucks too i use this only for my house i am glad because it can take 10 percent away just by turning it on and it's battery just drains extremely fast!! There is also a pixel that is out it doesn't bother me only when i notice it. The last thing i don't like is that the screen bothers my eyes it has a gloss sort of effect to it and it makes it like a mirror and it just bothers my eyes.
R21JS4YO555WVZ	4.0	Expected more from a $50 tablet, but would recommend it for a child or family tablet. Overall pleased with the results.	2	2	I really like the tablet. It is very easy to use and the operating system is quite smooth. I didn't rate it a 5 star because the tablet appeared more flimsy than expected. There is also a small gap of around the edge of it with a small bright light in the corner that makes it look cheaply made. However as I wanted this tablet for my son it works very well am pretty pleased with it. All in all I wouldn't mind recommending this to any family member or friends, as long as they know what to expect.
RM95Q442E7K5	5.0	What issues?	2	2	Got this with prime one day shipping. Seems like a fantastic tablet for $50! Lots of people complain that the touch screen doesn't recognize, but they probably left the screen plastic on which you are supposed to remove before use. People also say its slow, however I did not see anything too slow. The graphics are amazing, a bit too much so. Ran Netflix on it and it worked almost instantly with playback. I would suggest it, but if you abuse it you probably will see why others don't like it.
R4R218ZMXUHVF	5.0	Love my NeuTab Pro7 Tablet	2	2	I love my new NeuTab Pro7 Tablet. I had a great time setting it up and it is user friendly if you read the instructions before you try to set it up. I am still adding apps to the tablet and look forward to a long satisfying experience with it. I have had other tablets 2 different brands and I had a few problems with them and had to return them, so I am hoping that this experience with the NeuTab is different. I would recommend it to my friends in a heart beat. Thanks
R394KD5TT8XKM5	4.0	Four Stars	5	6	Great product so far ;-) would order again. It's not preloaded with a lot of 'unwanted apps !
R3B4GN4HZWXOX6	2.0	Two Stars	5	6	slow to charge and fairly quick to discharge. Takes multiple taps/touches to do anything.
R1SHFDIWTJC00H	4.0	Great tablet for the price	2	2	This is my first tablet ever and it is well worth the money. The setup was really easy but it didn't come with a descriptive owners manual but the information I needed I was able to find on the website. The apps were really easy to download and use. It came with a screen protector, charger and a media cord. So far I am think this is awesome and can't wait to see what the future holds for it.
R2AMEPAAWMR440	5.0	Excellent Tablet for ADULTS!	2	2	Excellent tablet. Perfect for normal things adults do with their tablets. Movies, youtube, music, tunein, game apps, email, shopping, surfing the net, managing online sales and buying and bidding. Probably not cool or sturdy enough for small children or teens, but what is? Fast, good graphics and is loaded for bear with free Google play access. A super bargain at twice the asking price.
R2X8R61131ILV	5.0	A Good Tablet	2	2	Buy NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android 4.4 KitKat Tablet PC, HD 1024X600 Display, Bluetooth, Dual Camera, Google Play Pre-loaded, 3D-Game Supported (White). I think a team that offers good value for money, the camera has a low resolution but compenza the rest of the features of the Tablet and adapata the intended use. I tested the equipment functioning properly, I am satisfied.
R2VP0GBPPS573E	5.0	Love this tablet!	2	2	I am so impressed with this tablet! The price is what first drew me to the product. After reading about it and seeing the good reviews, I decided to give it a try.The picture is always real clear, and even though I use it mostly for Google, Facebook and gaming...it is perfect for that! The battery life is also better than my other tablets so that is another plus! Thankyou!!
R3HPSL5ST810RP	5.0	tablet but 2 and I am very pleased with my purchase	2	2	I ordered not only ! tablet but 2 and I am very pleased with my purchase. The company shipped my ordered quickly and I received the tablets before the expected date which I am very impressed with. Both tablets work great and the kids love them. If I ever need to order another if will definitely be from Neutab. Thank you for having great products and service.
R15TYKZQ8VLJWV	2.0	Battery does not hold charge	2	2	The battery does not display how much time is left. The battery just keeps acting as a timer telling me how long my tablet has been turned on. The battery does not hold a charge longer than 60 minutes. The ETA battery life of apps I downloaded state the battery will last 8 hours but it continues to drain 1% every minute.
R1BXGQ8K2V9V4U	5.0	Light weight tablet that is awesome.	2	2	This little tablet is awesome. It's lightweight and functional with the newest version of Android. I've already added my apps that use on my phone to this and the color, clarity and speed is on point. I've been able to watch videos and play games on this with no problems at all. It's been a good investment thus far.
R15Y6H6MLXMZNX	1.0	One didn't work pretty much out of the box	2	2	I got these yesterday. One didn't work pretty much out of the box. The other one was just so slow and hard to touch the buttons I gave up in frustration. I understand this is a cheap tablet but come on, it should work. It is just awful and I would not recommend it to anyone.
R2RCOOX1L6O5TX	5.0	best budget tablet	2	2	I love this tablet its amazing and comes with a screen protector I ordered it with one day shipping and it arrived intact despite a delay in shipping it still arrived on time, it also has mobile network option to connect to your carrier which is very useful instead of simply wifi
R12AN9YQBLN4TN	4.0	Remarkably good, even gets 4 stars when compared to my five-star Nexus 9	1	1	An amazing deal! Far better than expected for $50. My own tablet is a Nexus 9, a very high end Android tablet. I bought this for my seven-year-old son and was pleasantly surprised at how few were the ways it was inferior, and how none of them will detract from his childhood use of it. Specifically: 1. The screen only looks decent straight on. Not a tablet to sit on the couch and have friends on either side watch too. (Not a problem, his friends have their own phones or tablets and are using their own Minecraft of Clash of Clans accounts.) 2. The case is well made, but not especially sturdy. It handles expected use great. We like the button locations. The first time my son dropped it, the front facing partially separated from the pack panel. It barely moved, and was not noticeable until the mini-USB plug would not go in any more. Squeezing the case around the edge clicked all the bumps back into their holes and it was fixed. (Not a problem. He needs to learn not to drop it.) 3. The battery is quicker to deplete and quicker to charge. (Not a problem. I do not want him using it for many hours at a time anyway. We already own USB extension cords for tablet use during road trips in the car: the one time hours of tablet time is allowed.) 4. Loading times are slower. Duh. (Compared to his InnoTab, this is much faster. He is thrilled.) Moreover, it has advantages for him over my much more expensive tablet! A. The buttons are in better places, and easier to use. B. It has a micro-SD slot, so his favorite music and movies can now travel with him. C. It comes with a very nice screen cover, and costs much less, so I am much less worried about scratches on the glass. D. It has both a charger plug and a mini-USB plug. It can be plugged in while transferring files to or from a laptop. (A small benefit, but potentially helpful.) I will order another one (in the other color) for his four-year-old brother as a December holiday present.
RZ1K426TOMI4U	5.0	What the what?!	2	2	I bought 2 of these as gifts for my family, specifically my wife and 8 ear old son. I was thoroughly impressed by these tablets. My son really put his to the test. It plays all his games, you tube kids, and Netflix via Chromecast, seamlessly. For the price? Great product.
RAWI3DT11CO9D	4.0	Love the 7" size	4	5	Love the 7" size. Image quality is great. The connection and storage options make this a very flexible device. I have not had the opportunity to try a Bluetooth connected keyboard yet. The one downside so far is a short battery life. I am getting about 4 to 4.5 hours from a full charge. For the price this is a great device.
RH6DXP48NB807	5.0	This devise performs exactly as described. Very pleased with my purchase.	2	2	This tablet does everything I expected it to. This devise performs exactly as described. The contents were very well packaged for shipping, very presentable, easy to follow instructions, and came with a screen protector. Very pleased with my purchase.
RBEI2KPSAJ6V2	1.0	you get what you pay for.	2	2	Had to send back. Not touch sensitive AT ALL. i guess youy very what you pay for. It was for a,novice but i recommends the galaxy tan 4 because once you try a tablet toy become a novice right away. Besides the darn thing should work,for the money
R3QO5J4UVMY34P	4.0	Needed a replacement, but still a good product.	1	1	Great little tablet for the price. I bought one for each of my two children. They love them. The touch screen works great. This is not a high end tablet and I wasn't expecting that at all. Perfect for young kids and the sound was impressive. Was is the key word, I'll get to that in a second. They have good battery life, fast processing, 2 charging options (which is great), and a sensitive/responsive touch screen. Mostly no complaints. My daughters are 7 and 8. They solely use the tablets for games. And yes, I would purchase this tablet again. However, my daughter's speakers went out on one of the tablets after less than 2 weeks. It wasn't dropped or mishandled in any way, it had a case on it since the day we got it. The headphone port still works, but we decided to try our hand at returning the tablet for a replacement. I don't return things often, especially by mail. I do like Amazon. I usually read reviews before purchasing so I can be as sure as possible that I will like the products I buy. We only had the tablet a short time and I didn't want to resign to only using headphones so soon after the purchase, so I bit the bullet... Amazon made the return/replacement SO EASY! It literally took 2 min to order the replacement and I got the shipping label email shortly afterwards. This product is good. I gave an extra star because I feel a lot more confident now that I have seen how fast and easy the replacement process is. The other tablet still works great, maybe this one was just defective. I'm super happy with Amazon's customer service.
R91O17FZ8BIQS	1.0	Piece of junk!!!	2	2	I only put 1 star because it wouldn't let me post with 0 stars. Do NOT waste your money on this tablet. Right out of box it didn't work. Can't open candy crush soda saga or any games. The Internet won't stay connected. Biggest waste ever.
R3BWIS5KUJZP1L	5.0	Amazing tablet at a great value!	1	1	We are an electronics addicted household. We have internet, cell phones, laptops, and 3 different tablet/e readers right now. We were sent this NeuTab Tablet to review. My boys and husband were very excited to get this. They have hardly left this tablet alone since we have received it. This tablet is very slim and stream lined and is also lightweight and easy to travel with. The touchscreen is responsive and the apps and games load quickly when you tap on them. We are all Android fans here, and love the options and selection in the Google Play Store. This tablet has 8 GB of storage so we can all add our favorite apps and games, browse the internet, and watch You Tube videos with no slow down or bothersome "loading" circles. We can add a micro sd card also if we need more space. The NeuTab Tablet also has Bluetooth built in, so you can use wireless headphones and a Bluetooth wireless keyboard if you would like. The battery life is pretty good too for a tablet. If you keep the screen brightness down, the battery will last even longer. The customer service from NeuTab is amazing. The first tablet we received would not charge correctly. I emailed the company, and had a free return label and a new tablet within a few days. As I said we have a lot of electronics in the house, and I have had several tablets. This is one of the best quality tablets, at the best price, I have had in the last several years.
RWDZSLYV5JOFR	5.0	Amazon you are the best. the tablet was purchased for a friend and ...	2	2	Amazon you are the best. the tablet was purchased for a friend and she reports that she really is enjoying. It took her 4-days to learn how to get into it but once she did it was just perfect fro her. Thank you
R1JI24OOZ5JP83	5.0	It was just as I expected great for your money can't complain does what I need ...	2	2	It was just as I expected great for your money can't complain does what I need it to do . Don't expect it to be an iPad or anything but it's worth it if you're looking for something simple.
R1PL1MBIL4EHW7	4.0	Actually a pretty good tablet for the price	2	2	Actually a pretty good tablet for the price. It's not as fast as a nexus 7 but works fine for reading and general purposes. I can't comment on games since I don't use it for them.
RWFDJ4JPL7S3J	2.0	cheap	2	2	Not satisfied with products due to it closing programs constantly on its own! Have not hardly been able to use much.. Seems largely incompatible with everything. Don't recommend.
R31K1VO5ELTGVB	2.0	why does the battery die so quickly? i put ...	4	5	why does the battery die so quickly? i put the brightness on the lowest it can possibly go and its not even that dim. The battery says it only has 15 minutes left even though it was at 100% 5 minutes ago and is now down to 60.
R3TFIRGV4RGM9M	5.0	Perfect for my kids!	1	1	My 5 year old and 3 year old sons each had hand-me-down ipads on their last legs. When the wifi antenna broke in my 5 year olds, we decided it was time to get him something new. We chose the NeuTab KitKat because of the great reviews and, frankly, the great price. After all these were for preschoolers, right! We are very impressed! The tablet is very easy to use. It came with a little instruction pamphlet, but we didn't need it. Very intuitive device! It connects quickly to existing google accounts, or you can set up a new one. I made simple email addresses for my kids, and they were ready to go! I like the fact that I don't need to have a payment type on file for the Google Play free app purchases. The kids' reactions were priceless: my 5 year old calls his "blue lightning." I'm assuming this is because of how fast it is compared to his old ipad, since the actual color was black. My 3 year old loved being able to pick out his own games. They both love the cameras. We'll be testing out the skype app tonight I'm sure. If you're on the fence, I'd recommend getting this tablet. It's a great tablet for a great price!
R2GYXV64B5H3Z1	2.0	Had to return it for a refund.	1	1	*** Please note, I purchased this as a used Item. This is why I will give it 2 stars. (Benefit of doubt). I just received the Tablet today (05/14/15) For a Tablet with a Quad Core processor, I thought boot-up was a little sluggish. The icons to the right of the screen responded either very slowly, or not at all. I connected it to my WiFi. It broke and regain connection several times, while I was sitting right next to my router. I tried to download Garmin's HUD+ app from Google Play Store, and the app is incompatible with this tablet. Likely because it only has 512 M of RAM. So I boxed it back up, got an RMA tag from Amazon, and it will be in the UPSstore on 05/15/15 (am). So, not only I can't use it for the purpose I bought it, I simply did not like it due to it's sluggishness, and inoperable touch screen. I've purchased used electronics from Amazon before, with zero problems. But this Item, if you buy it, I recommend "New", not "Used". It likely will be a better buy and fully functional.
R2ZMDJ52OIQE2V	2.0	Company seems okay, product not great.	1	1	I liked it while it worked. I purchased this in late August and it worked wonderfully for a couple months. I got an error message that the Google Play store had stopped working and it got stuck in a constant loop of restarting. I couldn't get past the lock screen to try to fix the error. I contacted the company through the Neutab website and after a few email exchanges they told me to ship it to them so they could service it or replace it. The person I communicated with was helpful and I was overall very happy with how quickly they responded to my emails and how quickly they shipped me a replacement. I just tried to use the replacement for the first time and was disappointed to find that the screen is offset and and that the screen is completely blank and white when turned on. I've turned it on and off a few times and it makes the start up sounds but nothing comes up on the screen. Don't think I'll bother emailing them again about the problems I'm having. I don't think another replacement will be any better.
R31Q7POHUSLOBY	5.0	I love it. It is thinner than my kindle and ...	2	2	I love it. It is thinner than my kindle and can do everything that my laptop does and weights next to nothing. Excellent condition great product. Thank you.
R26DE4KKP8W8JT	5.0	Great value , nice tablet	1	1	I bought this tablet when my Coby tablet died. Prices of tablets have dropped a lot on the lower end tablets in the past few years, and this one cost about half what the prior tablet had. This tablet met or exceeded all of my expectations. No, it is not an iPad, it's not a Samsung Galaxy, but it also doesn't cost anywhere near what those tablets cost. It has a much nicer screen than most of the lower end tablets, it has more internal memory than most of the lower end tablets, and it doesn't block the Google Play store and direct you to their own store with fewer apps like a lot of the lower end tablets to. The processor speed has been more than adequate for anything I've tried to do with it. No, it isn't just as good as an Apple as a Samsung. However, I think most people would find that for $50 it is more than good enough. If it's going to somehow feel like a social outcast if you own a tablet that isn't an iPad, then this isn't the tablet for you.
RSCGWAT7I78G0	1.0	Horrible Tablet	6	8	DO NOT BUY THIS Horrible Tablet. Feels cheap (because it is). Worst viewing angle of any Tablet I've seen. Colors are washed out. Video stutters or freezes completely. Bluetooth will not connect to devices. Pure Junk.
R2UOHBIQ96MI69	3.0	Dissapointed - defective unit	1	1	NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android 4.4 KitKat Tablet PC, HD 1024X600 Display, Bluetooth, Dual Camera, Google Play Pre-loaded, 3D-Game Supported (Black) Was very happy when this tablet first arrived. Purchased for my son to use with a planner app to keep track of his homework at school. Less than 2 months of use and it stopped charging. Contacted customer service at the email address listed for NeuTab and waited 2 business days for a response. Responded to the reply within minutes of receiving the message but had to wait another 2 business days for another reply. Had to pay to ship the defective unit back to them and wait for a replacement. Shipping is slow and found out that instead of getting a new tablet it will be a refurbished one. Not happy with that as the tablet that we purchased was less than 2 months old with a 1 year warranty would have expected the unit to work longer than 6 weeks.
R9VFSWOY1YXVL	1.0	Way to slow. Unless you want to use it ...	2	2	Way to slow. Unless you want to use it to surf internet and read a book, it's totally worthless for modern day tech savy kids. Apps don't run.
RXSKSN9C6IDX6	1.0	Sucks!	4	5	The power button broke in first day of use!!!! Barely touched the piece of junk! And very bad graphics and poor quality ! Would not recommend to any one! Waste of time and money
R2E5OWRY47MUC0	1.0	Waste of Money! Poor resolution, apps crash continuously.	1	1	I purchased this tablet on 15 June 2015 for my 4 year old son's birthday. In using the tablet we noticed it moved at a snails pace - slow and 9 out of 10 times it does not respond to your input, I'd touch the icon to go to the full listing of apps and it would never open. I disregarded and thought it was just a glitch for that day, however it continued. Every app we download would work fine on my other android device, but when we click to open the app on this tablet, it crashes! Poor kid is frustrated by this tablet! Further to this, in August which is 2 months after purchase, the tablet's resolution is fading, now we can't use the apps I've downloaded to the tablet due to the fact that we can't see anything as the colors have faded off, can't see where to click. This is the worse purchase I've ever made on Amazon! I would never recommend this product to anyone! Now my son has no tablet!
R2084V64GH56KT	1.0	We have not been able to sign onto the internet ...	2	2	We have not been able to sign onto the internet since we received it. All of our other devices allow the wifi connection except this one.
R3JC5E29YTWV0N	3.0	Kinda bad compared to higher priced tablets.	1	1	Don't expect a great tablet experience with beautiful screens and snappy responsiveness. Screen looks washed out with dim colors, the thing gets hot from the internal wifi antennae. Battery is pretty bad when wifi is used, and if you leave this alone for a few days, the battery will actually completely drain. The version of android it comes with is old and doesn't support certain apps, like Google Keep. I use it only for typing into Evernote and reading PDFs and ebooks on commutes. If you want a real tablet that will serve you well, and hope to get that with a cheap one, I know the RCA is good and the one selling for the 50 dollar price mark has a higher version of android, but their screen isn't great either. Save up and get a better tablet from a trusted brand. If I get a new tablet, this one will probably end up in my kitchen,
R26Z0349BM8VDB	4.0	Great little device for the price!	1	1	I bought two of these tablets so that i could have bare bones android devcies to use for field market research surveys around the world. The devices arrived ahead of time and are functioning well so far. PRO: This is a great value for the cost... it doesn't seem as nice as a $300 tablet... more like a $150 tablet... but for this price it's really a steal. PRO: No bloatware as far as i can detect. This was really important to me. I had anticipated spending a day stripping out pre-loaded apps. The device is simply Kit Kat with standard Google apps (Chrome, Youtube, Gmail, etc). CON: It feels a little slow for a quad core processor, but it should be more than fast enough for global field research. I will update this review after spending two weeks in the field with these devices...
R1WV1FM8YNKQCA	4.0	Very nice device	1	1	This is a very nice little tablet running Kitkat 4.4.4. with bazillions of supported aps Unfortunately it had a defect where a portion of the touch screen was not working, I had to rotate the tab in order to click certain buttons. Another drawback is Amazon prime users wont be able to access their Prime movies since Amazon does not support this unit... as well as many other low cost tabs. However Netflix and MANY other movie aps will work. So if you spent 99 bucks on prime to watch movies on this tab, dont bother, you'll need a more expensive "supported" (I.E. of equal size power and storage capacity) model. Since the unit was defective I was able to send it back without any hassle and that is a major plus. I would recommend this little gem to anyone interested in an inexpensive nifty little tab.
R24M80B97G13SK	5.0	Great tablet, fast processor, wonderful graphics!	1	1	I received this as a gift for my birthday. I'm not a huge fan of Android operating systems so I was a little hesitant at first. After spending a lot of time with this tablet I have actually grown to like it! The 1024x600 HD display is so vibrant and clear. The processor is very fact, apps download in no time, and it's extremely easy to uninstall apps. The system is very easy to navigate. I found the camera quality to be very good, and I have no problem streaming videos (which is way it was bought for me)! At this point I've only had it about 1-week and there are still things I would like to do with it to explore everything about it. I also smile whenever I restart it (sometimes I do it just because), as I love how it comes up and says "KitKat" (my favorite candy bar)!!!
R35L1LXTMUCQRX	4.0	Gave me exactly what I was looking for	3	4	I was looking for an inexpensive android tablet to take some home automation products on a test drive; the tablet was really second over the home automation products, so my expectations were pretty minimal: run the automation software I need, access my Amazon Echo and my Amazon cloud music account. This product easily managed this. The product is plastic, and feels rather cheap; but it is rugged, I have managed to send it flying off the couch several times at a fairly high velocity onto the hardwood floor without any problems. There are no bells and whistles on it; but it is doing everything I asked for reliably. The battery is adequate; probably 2 days without doing much; but my plan is too mount it into a permanent niche so the battery length was not something I am really concerned with. All-in-all, does everything I have asked of it so far.
R4WPGB7Z2GOHU	1.0	It didn't even work. Return it the very next ...	2	2	It didn't even work. Return it the very next day. Got another 7'' tablet, and that one didn't work either.
R2QB1EX2GPDUIN	1.0	Should not even give 1 star	2	2	Useless product. The volume doesn't work after a month and now am stuck with this tablet after spending $$
R2AMETDYUBYH3K	5.0	It's a good size for a small tablet	2	2	It is fast at uploading books and videos. It's a good size for a small tablet. I'm happy with my order
REZH37UTAWNLW	4.0	Excellent!	1	1	This tablet did in someway exceed my expectations. I was not looking for an ipad quality tablet but something that I could use simply for light use around the house. This is exactly that. I can use it anywhere and it is very easy to carry. The Price is unbeatable as well. The only reason for the 4 stars is that the device seems to overheat more than my Neutab X7. It has occasional freezes and glitches, but it is worth the purchase. Great for Snapchat, Netflix, Skype, Facebook. Instagram will not work for this device. I am very pleased with the quality of the item and the speed of shipping and would recommend it to anyone looking to buy a tablet without spending over $100.
RL88Z6756XJLG	4.0	I found it a nice surprise that it was not overloaded wth programs and ...	1	1	I have had my NeuTab N7 Pro for a little over 24 hours now, and I am enjoying it quite a bit. I have been very impressed with this tablet, especially considering the low price. I am a student and I purchased it mostly for taking to school and taking notes, which thus far has worked out well for me. I have also used it for watching things on youtube and netflix. It streams them with no problem. I found it a nice surprise that it was not overloaded wth programs and apps right from the start. It was also very helpful to have Googleplay already installed. So this tablet works great for what I wanted, something small and portable for school, and recreational viewing.
RUXB8EYT1TTSP	4.0	Works great. Wish it had a USB port	2	2	Works great. Wish it had a USB port. I bought a 3 in 1 USB OTG Cable Adapter Micro Hub to use for it.
R3QXDBXI39YUGZ	5.0	Great tablet for the price	1	1	I bought a nearly identical tablet from a different manufacturer here on Amazon for a little less money, but the OS on that one had been modified to be full of spyware/adware. It made me a bit wary to purchase this one. However, I'm pleased to say that there are no popup ads on this one and it functions beautifully. I have both Hulu and Amazon Instant Video installed and it does both just fine, with the only lag coming from the connection itself and not the tablet. It pairs well with my Bluetooth keyboard and otherwise does everything you'd expect a tablet to do, except it doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Great tablet, would buy again.
R1Y6H30JWEQ3W8	3.0	Do not get for cc readers!	1	1	For $50, you can't expect much. It's actually worth the $50 if you can't afford a Samsung but the screen is hard to see its way too shiny. The back and the buttons are a really cheap hard plastic. It actually functioned fine, connected to the wifi perfectly, tried youtube on it, played just fine. It just looks really cheap. I had to return mine the say day I got it because I bought it for 1 specific reason.....to use my credit card reader to run my Etsy shop. The headphone jack will not support a credit card reader. If it did support it, I would have kept it for that one specific purpose, to take sales on Etsy.
R1LSDPAV86OS4Q	5.0	Great for Kids Too	1	1	I got the NeuTab N7 Pro 7'' Quad-Core Tablet to replace my 8 year old grandsonâ€™s RCA 7-inch tablet. He uses it mainly for games and watching you-tube. All of his apps work great on this tablet. With Bluetooth we plan on using a wireless headphones, printer and a keyboard to make it even more versatile. The basic accessories, USB cable, charging cable, screen protector, manual, and a USB wall adapter is more than the RCA provided and I haad to buy separately. Overall, he is very happy with the NeuTab N7 Pro 7. Itâ€™s an excellent buy for a tablet that works and performs well for its price.
R2P3SRDWJ2JONE	1.0	dont buy this s***	1	1	dont buy this s*** first off there's no pro's only con's it arrived late (took three days) a little lag but its to be espected its only $50 everthing was going fine i installed some apps not many i think 7-8 basic apps nothing big put in my 32gb sdcard with some pics on 20-30 customized my wallpaper then i went into security to add a pin lock added it then it started super lagging and freezing until it permanently froze so i had to restart the tablet came on entered my pin and crashes i cannot get pass the lock screen and this all happened the same day it arrived at my house within 5hours
R2OKGV42ILP7VR	1.0	Seems very cheep. Touch screen not very responsive. ...	2	2	Seems very cheep. Touch screen not very responsive. I guess that's what you get for $50.
RJSUPH9GGE88I	5.0	Love it	1	1	I love this tablet, not really sure why anyone would complain about this product just the fact that it's bluetooth compatible makes it worth the price, and as far as battery life I have no issues with this product at all. I got a white one for myself and this pink one for my granddaughter and she loves it, she watched a full movie streaming and still had battery remaining. It also doesnâ€™t run hot like my other tablets did. So for the price and what you get, if youâ€™re on a budget this is the one I would go for, just my opinion. Thank you Amazon and Neutab for another great product.
R285VR9MM86SRJ	1.0	Poor battery and compatibility.	2	2	Battery life was awful and had all sorts of compatibility issues with apps. Returned.
R1UU22G9QPBEJP	5.0	awesome Tablet	4	5	I just this tablet today and I'm in love with it.it works great...my husband wants to get one too
R2WTFC5GEQ0CWY	5.0	Love, love, LOVE	1	1	Love this tablet. I was very uneasy about buying it because I did not want to waste $50 if it did not work, but I am so glad I took the risk. I ordered it with two day shipping and it came the very next day. I love how it doesn't feel cheap, it feels like any other android. I can trust my kid with it without worrying that he will break an expensive electronic, and if he does it won't be that big of a deal. It has plenty of room for hundreds of apps. I also love that it came with a screen protector, so I did not have to buy that separate. Definitely recommend this.
R30D0RRX143AI8	1.0	One Star	2	2	Flimsy and it would not transfer files via Bluetooth from my old tablet and phone.
RIC0CNQ1AZAD5	5.0	Great Beginners tablet	1	1	As most have said this is not a Kindle Fire, galaxy, Ipad etc...It is a $50 tablet and if you are buying this you have to expect a $50 tablet. Of all the beginner tablets I have bought this one by far exceeds my expectations. Bought this one for my 9 year old granddaughter and it is perfect for her. Offers more than she will ever use. Able to play her games and take pictures. If she gets a year's use out of this I will be satisfied. I would not recommend for an adult replacement tablet but for a kid learning and just wanting to play it is perfect.
R29KT0PRO8KJ2H	5.0	Neutab in white	1	1	I ordered one of these tablets since there numerous positive reviews. The tablet I received did not have a functioning speaker. Since I bought this tablet mainly for netflix and hulu, this was a concern. I notified Neutab, and sent them the tablet and several days later I received a brand new fully functional tablet. This second one is excellent. Working speaker. It does everything a droid phone does and has a much bigger screen. Love it. My wife was impressed considering the price we paid for her Ipad Mini. I am completely satisfied.
R140NN20MM651O	1.0	One Star	2	2	Hardly works. Wont stay connected to the internet,constantly shuts down apps.
R2BJWGJTP830JJ	5.0	One Satisfied Customer...	1	1	This is a great tablet for beginners and advanced users. Excellent customer service, arrived on time, and provides a great 4 quad system with apps and display comparable to the more expensive models out there. The item comes with a 2A wall adapter and USB charger, along with a screen protector already included within the package. For the price this is a great deal and it comes highly recommended! Do not hesitate to buy this product!
RFPQVAYQC1QEI	5.0	Androids are perfect for traveling.	1	1	I just opened this tonight and love them. I bought 2, so a cousin can learn about the computer, while we are on an extended trip together. I'm not too computer savvy, but I know more than she does. Therefore, I purchased 2, so I can play with them and learn about them, and then teach her, while we are gone. I've already set them both up, and played a couple of games. They weren't too expensive, and I do recommend them.
R1CW1K1264YWIQ	2.0	Touchscreen is Useless	3	4	The touchscreen,especially the right edge of the tablet must be randomly tapped six or seven times to launch any apps.When on threads,it is hard to consistently give a thumbs up or thumbs down.When playing games it is frustrating since right side of screen has to be tapped over and over.Even scrolling from the right is a challenge.The only useful purpose of this tablet is listening to free radio but I can do that from my phone.
R2FOUQ1Z1A3MDP	4.0	Satisfied	1	1	So far so good, just got today. WiiFi connects fine and I have not had any incidents yet regarding that. Shipping was very fast. I'm giving four stars simply because the screen and camera suck. But that's okay its a 50 dollar tablet I cant expect an iPhone quality screen and camera for such a cheap thing. I bought this tablet for social media and they have all worked without a hitch.
R3KLSQZ6COE4C7	2.0	Two Stars	2	2	There is a delay with it like i freezes then catches up.
R9QPHTW8I7VEF	1.0	tablet	34	50	I had bought two of these tablets and they are made so cheap, one of them busted and now this one is froze and want do anything and is making a weird noise. Was wanting to return these if possible.
RL1KB1HUV2329	4.0	Great deal, works for what I use it for.	1	1	Seems to do the job. Doesn't have the clearest screen but for 50 bucks it's a deal. I'm using it to check my trail camera SD cards while out on the go since it was cheaper than an actual picture viewer. Works decent. Not a lot of memory but u can change that with a micro SD card. I just use it for pics and Pandora, oh, and some YouTube and email from time to time.
R25T5TWTZHYH0Z	2.0	Web browsing tool only. Camera and features are useless.	1	1	Save your money. The screen is 1200x600 but contrast is poor and viewing angle is shallow. The camera is HORRIBLE. Useless. Blurs every shot. My best guess is 1.0 megapixel or lower (400x240), and NO flash. Capture the moment in fuzzy, blurred shots everytime. Processing power is plentiful and web browsing is fine, but my 4 year phone still does all this better.
R3OWXSUK9CC5GS	5.0	Superb!!!	1	1	SO pleased with this tablet! The battery life is perfect (+ it charges quickly) and my 3 year old son can use it without problem. I set up a user account for him so I can control which settings he has access to. There are lots of educational apps and games to DL from the Google Play store. I am definitely buying another one for my 5 year old for Christmas. :)
R2T6O4NXN72J4R	5.0	This is my trusty assistant!	1	1	I'm quite happy with this NeuTab, by Samsung. By weight, it is very easy. The design is developed professionally and in accordance with the current needs of users. But the most important thing that this device initially include all the required files. I can see movies, listen to music, read books or working the Internet. I'm quite happy! Thank you very much!
R2NAF322FZ8OZ6	5.0	grate tab	2	2	I tried it and it was perfect for my son he loves it
R2FU0IF766LFA4	3.0	Cheap, for the good and bad.	1	1	This tablet is about what you would expect from such a low price. The screen size is great but the LCD viewing angle is so narrow that even the different perspective from each creates differences in screen color, which certainly takes some getting used to for reading- the reason I bought this tablet. Is it great? No. It's cheap and that's the point.
RCXZJOQV3KHPV	1.0	I would not buy this again or recommend it to anyone	1	1	It doesn't play all the game aps that you want. I would not buy this again or recommend it to anyone. I know that it is cheap...which is part of the reason I was interested in this at the time. Now that I have it...I never use it. I can do more on my IPhone 6s then I can on this tablet. Don't waste your money. Get something nicer or don't buy it at all.
R2OT278APSBQM	2.0	Dead Charger	1	1	The charger did not work after a several days of sparking when being plugged in. My son got really upset that it happened because he was playing a time consuming having to be active game called Clash of Clans. Really wish that you would be able to make sure the product was in working order before it is sent off to the costermer.
R1G1FX0D1UP4WY	1.0	Worst product ever from Amazon	1	1	Worst product ever from Amazon I gifted this to my mom. This was used just few days. The battery stopped charging. The display is of very poor quality. Whoever said okay was a fake Never buy this my sincere advices. I contacted the seller. They didn't even had the courtesy of acknowledge my request.
RTJCYVHF4NZ7Y	4.0	Not the fastest tablet out there but I doubt you could do better for the price	1	1	Replaced an old laptop that I was using for web browsing only. Not the fastest tablet out there but I doubt you could do better for the price. I appreciate that it isn't loaded with a lot of extra stuff. Battery life is excellent. Mine did come with a defective USB cable but they were very quick on shipping me a new one.
R87JWZOH6GXGU	2.0	Most notable flaw is the horrible screen viewing angle	1	1	Most notable flaw is the horrible screen viewing angle. Looking at it from any angle besides dead on causes the colors to shift or get washed out. Also, 512MB memory is a small amount. It looks like they have a newer model (N7S Pro) with an IPS screen and 1GB of memory that would be a much better buy at only $5 more.
R31N357QO00FH7	4.0	So far So good	1	1	I just received this tablet. It was ordered for my son's 7th birthday. Got it all set up for him so that it's ready to play out of the box. I did notice that it is a little slower than his old tablet but I'm satisfied so far. I can't give it 5 stars right out of the box without seeing how long it will last, though.
R2VPOV3E1QTN7F	5.0	Awesome Tablet!!	1	1	This is an amazing product and that is why i bought two(2) for the price and the features are hilarious,the other one i bought as a present and they are loving it..also not to mention the speedy and timely shipping..and it also comes fully charge and ready to use...thank you..i might be buying some more.
R3S4G05M4HQ0FL	1.0	Contains a Trojan Horse.	1	1	It sounded like a good deal at first. Don't buy. It's slow and if you scan with Malware Bytes it has a Trojan.sw. Chinese Manufacturer add this to tablets in order to steal your information and/or to generate revenue. Even if you root it you cannot remove the malware. Google it if you do not believe me.
R17A42T8VTTKYA	5.0	... many tablets before getting this 1 & I'm soooo glad I got it	1	1	I researched many tablets before getting this 1 & I'm soooo glad I got it!!!! Very well-made (I've dropped it & its jumped off my lap! Lol) and looks & works like it did the day I got it. I just wish the battery was accessible and lasted a little longer. & the price was great for a quad-core
R1GT9HIVNH7O5H	2.0	Disappointed	1	1	The touch screen is not very sensitive at times, having to practically pound on a link to get it to work. A stylus does not work on it very well. The battery is draining super fast... It has gone down 10% in the last 20 minutes. Not sure what is causing that! I don't reccomend this product!
RUYO6XJNG824A	2.0	Slow	3	4	Normal websurfing seemed much slower that a modern device should be. Frequently would lose connection with my wireless network. None of my other wireless devices do this. Youtube played well, but all other apps were struggling to keep up. Screen was high resolution. Overall would not recommend.
R1F111AYUYNG0Y	5.0	Great little tablet!	1	1	Very satisfied with this 7" tablet. Its a great price, reliable, and perfect on the go. The battery life seems to last a very long time as well. I use it to take to work and other places where I dont need a giant tablet like my iPad 2, but want something bigger than my phone.
R1AR1SK7HJL75D	5.0	Fast and works Great with Android 4	1	1	Quick Shipping. Came with TWO charging Cords!!! Fast and works Great with Android 4.4.2. Setup was a little confusing, and there is a number on the back that says to keep, but I don't understand why I'd remove the Sticker. Also, FREE PROTECTIVE CASE WITH AMAZON REVIEW!!! YAY!!!
RLOFPQOLJBGD2	5.0	Much Better Than Expected!	1	1	I ordered two of these. The delivery was on time. The product came out better than what i had anticipated (considering the cost, i did not expect it to be so contemporary.) I purchased one for my grandmother and one for my daughter. Now, i plan to buy two more for my nephews.
R6A6DOK7D64M3	1.0	waste of time for me	1	1	As the other reviews say, you can tell it is cheap, the battery went from 50%+ to 20% in 20min of trying to figure it out. And the app I wanted to download to use on it said the device wasn't compatible, so I returned it. waste of time for me. for others it may work I suppose
R2275PHJFT500K	2.0	Two Stars	2	2	Leo's freezing up. Won't open Apps
R38XJGVR4WAD3U	4.0	Like the tablet	1	1	Like the tablet. It's great for the price! However, cannot do any file transfers from other systems to the tablet. Other systems do not seem to be able to recognize the tablet. It is just a small inconvenience. you can put what you need on the memory card.
R1XE9KGCGXIKAT	2.0	Super light weight feels cheap	1	1	Super light weight feels cheap. Screen scratched as we put screen protector on. Doesn't hold a charge long. Home button doesn't pick up touch well. Runs SUPER hot to the touch. Not kid friendly as in how to operate. Not worth the original price of over $100.00.
R2JUMFXP45LAL7	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Was a Gift but i know works very well
R7PH3W4W3U0CX	2.0	My head hurts	1	1	While this is a cheap tablet that works well for my mother in law, I did not like this tablet. First: The screen on this sucks, it hurts my eyes after about 10 mins. The camera is horrible, my 2000's block phone took better photos. Would not recommend.
RVFIG9HRVM8ML	3.0	okay	1	1	I got this for my 2 year old to do her abcmouse lessons on and I'm not too fond of it already because the buttons on the screen choose when they want to work or when they want to remain frozen. I mean this thing is $50 so I didn't expect much at all.
R2Z4YWAEKMMT3V	5.0	It's a $50 tablet, and it does it's job just fine.	0	0	Ok, so, the primary reason I wanted a tablet was so I could write on a more portable platform than a laptop, so I got a bluetooth keyboard and tried using it with my android phone (an LG of some sort). That didn't work out, so I ordered two of these (my wife wanted one, too). She's using hers largely as a portable game machine, with facebook and the other stuff you usually do. She doesn't need much, and she's quite content with how this tablet performs. Mine is now taking over numerous functions from my phone, both freeing my phone to be useful in other ways and also preventing me from using facebook as much as I used to. As for writing, well, I'm typing this out on one of these NeuTabs with my bluetooth keyboard, so it's obviously working fine for that. So here's the pros and cons that I've identified so far: Pro: * It does what I want it to do. * It's small enough to be quite portable while providing a large enough screen to be useful. * It runs everything I've tried in the Google Play store. * It totaly destroys the kindle fire it replaced (it already did with the bluetooth, but what was Amazon thinking when they made their own store?) Cons * Screen accuracy seems to be a bit of a probem. It's a minor nuisance, and it may be fixed with a calibration procedure I haven't yet found. * When you tap to put a cursor down, like in a url bar or web form field, you can't slide the cursor to get it where you need it. This could be a problem with the screen accuracy already mentioned and therefore might be fixed if I can figure out how to calibrate the screen. * It runs slow at times, which is actually quite reasonable for a $50 tablet. If you want high performance, this tablet isn't it, and you already know that. * This isn't really about this tablet, it's Android in general: I hate the nanny media volume thing. I hardly ever use headphones, but when using this tablet as my alarm clock, I plug it into a set of computer speakers. By morning, the tablet has decided I'm going deaf and turns down the volume. Obviously not a good idea when it's supposed to be a loud alarm clock. But I mention it as a con because it is something NeuTab can address. Overall, this tablet has improved my quality of life, and for that, I give it the full 5 stars. It's exactly what I expected out of a $50 tablet.
R2WDUPJGFNGRCD	5.0	Great little tablet, incredible price	0	0	I am pretty high level technical person. My main tablet is a $600 high end 10" tablet, that I use every day. I also own a 7" tablet that I got as a promotion with a cell carrier. I started looking for starter tablets for friends and clients who were new to the tablet arena and did not want to spend a ton of money. I read up on at least 10 tablets in this price range ($49.99) to about $100. After reading specs and reviews I was willing to give the Newtab a try. I tried not to get my expectations too high, I mean afterall its a $50 dollar tablet that claims to do just about all my $600 tablet does, so how good can it be? Well I had a few friends order them and even tho they were very novice, they were very thrilled. So I had to get one for myself to really fully evaluate it. I have to say, especially considering this price point, this little gadget is quite amazing. First of all, it came fully charged so I could start using it right away. I had just a teeny bit of learning curve acclimation to the button locations, but that was minor. As for the form and function of the tablet Im really quite impressed. Connected effortlessly to my in home wifi. You tube videos, streamed flawlessly. Netflix the same. As for browsing website, it just works the way it should. Small issue with the location of the speaker, on the rear of the unit, so you cant really lay it down to hear music. But thats really fairly minor. Worked well with headphones or a bluetooth speaker. Also to have bluetooth at this pricepoint is really a bonus. I will keep playing with it, add some games, load up an ext sd card (also GREAT feature for a small tablet, to have storage expansion) with tunes and movies and keep seeing how this small, VERY well priced little dudette (I got pink ;) ) continues to perform. For now, I feel this is a very well spent small price for a nice tablet for those wanting to dip a toe into the tablet arena.
RARRHJI5JNH36	4.0	Pretty good for the price. No customer support from NeuTab however	0	0	I purchased this model for $50 rather than the $120 that it originally retailed for. I think had the price been higher my review would be lower. First off this is a very light tablet. I would be very concerned if I dropped it, the plastic case seems like it would shatter instantly upon impact. This can be a bonus as its small enough to fit in my back pocket without me noticing it, but on the other hand if I sat down with it still in my pocket I'm certain I'd break it. Just keep in mind that it is a very light (and presumably flimsy) tablet. This is exactly what you'd expect for a $50 tablet, however. The screen does not perform well outdoors. Even at maximum brightness you can't see anything on the screen when outdoors. To me this is not a problem since it doesn't have any type of cell connection so I planned to use it almost exclusively indoors. Just make sure you don't have any sources of light shining directly on the screen. The unit comes with a pretty good processor (for the price) but with only 512mb of RAM. This is the only truly negative factor with the tablet; you really have to make sure as few processes as possible are running in the background otherwise you will have some serious stability issues. A few apps crashed as I was downloading multiple updates. Had this been a more expensive tablet I might want to expect a little more. As I said in the beginning its a pretty good tablet for the price. The one thing I would say is don't' expect to be able to play many games. A few games work but the low RAM will prevent several games from even booting up. As far as the software itself, there is one issue that led me to return the tablet eventually. For some reason I was unable to update several Google apps on the tablet, including the "Google App for Android" app. This became a problem as the google search function was completely broken. I could search the web with Chrome but not with the Google App. Every time I attempted to update the app in the Google Play Store I received an error saying that the package was not properly signed and that I needed to uninstall and re-install the app. However, the Google App cannot be uninstalled on this device (this is not true on all Android devices and must presumably be particular to the install of Android 4.4 that NueTab puts on these tablets). I contacted NeuTab's customer support about this issue but received zero response. Had this been from a major manufacturer (Dell or Samsung, for example) I would probably give this fewer stars, but given the price I kind of expected as much. After much experimentation the only option left to me was to root the device and install a fresh version of Kitkat. In the end I returned the tablet because if I'm going to be rooting a tablet I'd rather spend the same amount of money for a used tablet with higher system specifications, which I did. In all, it was a decent tablet for the money, and I only returned the tablet for the reason above. Instead I ordered a used Dell Venue 7 tablet which has more storage and higher RAM (although sadly a slower processor) than this model, but is used. If you're looking for a cheap tablet that will run email (although sadly not Google Inbox, for some reason) and web browsing, a few word processing applications and some games for $50 or less than I would recommend this tablet (presuming they fix the issue with the Google Search function). Just keep in mind that, due to its low price, you get what you pay for.
R2QSRTBIMSDTEL	1.0	Better keep looking if you want to use a tablet pc as anything more than a coaster.	0	0	This was a complete waste of money. I purchased this strictly for us to have a second tablet to use for looking things up while we're in our living room/kitchen area where there is no computer. This is the Yugo of tablets. First, the screen on this tablet is weird-I don't know if it's because I used the screen protector that came in the package, but you have to hold it just right or the picture looks distorted-it has an odd effect that reminds me of those old baseball cards that you can turn at a different angle and it looks like the player is moving. The place where you plug in the charger is not made very well--when I went to plug it in the first couple of times I thought they gave me the wrong charger because it was so hard to connect the two. The plastic around the plug was not evenly cut which seems to have been what caused the fitting difficulty. The battery life is probably the worst thing about it, though. I have only had this thing for a couple of weeks and don't use it that often [because the screen] and the battery drains crazy fast. For example, I charged it yesterday [because it went from 73% to 2% overnight while turned off] & I watched the battery life drain by 3% as I went to facebook and looked at the news on the visible screen--I didn't even scroll down. I lost a percentage point clicking from the home screen to facebook, then another percentage point once I got there and a third when I clicked back to home. And I don't have a lot of apps running in the background, either, I checked. It's a bit nerve-wracking trying to browse the internet while simultaneously watching the life drain out of your device with literally every click. If I had it to do over again, I'd get another brand--although this seems inexpensive by itself [minus the case], it's actually pretty expensive for something that fails at what it's meant to do. Even though I only wanted it to use for web browsing, it is sadly not up to that simple task. I don't understand how this has good reviews from people who use it for gaming unless they have it plugged in the whole time because it seems like that would drain the battery way faster than internet browsing.
R4AXE3C8KN6JL	5.0	Great value for this gem.	0	0	I decided to get the NeuTab N7 to replace myÂ 7" Zeepad 7.0 Allwinnwer A13 Boxchip Cortex A8 Android 4.2, 4GB Capacity, 512 MB RAM, Multiple Touch Capactive screen, WIFI, Camera, Skype Video Calling, Netflix Movies. (Dual Camera, Metallic Lavender), which was a replacement for myÂ ProntoTec Axius Series 7 Android 4.4 Tablet PC,HD 1024 x 600 Pixels, Cortex A8 Dual Core Processor, 512MB/6GB, Dual Camera,G-Sensor, Google Play Pre-loaded - whiteÂ tablet, which was a replacement for myÂ Kobo K080-Kbo-B Kobo Vox 7-Inch Vivid Color Multi-Touch Multi-Media Screen Black...(yes all of which happened this year!). My Kobo died after 2 years of working almost all day every day. The Prontotec was cheap and I could get it quickly with Prime shipping, but after a couple of months, I dropped it and the power button broke...So the Zeepad was my next affordable choice. Never again....the battery does not last. I can't even get an hour out of it. So, I have been in the market for a new tablet. Apart from the price. I have been looking at battery life. I'm so glad that I did a little bit of research before deciding on the NeuTab. This baby is lightweight and built like both the Zeepad and the Prontotec, but you can certainly tell the difference in power, speed, and battery life. I can run multiple programs at a time, without noticing delays. I must also note that I do not make it a habit to have too many things open on my tablet. All of the previous tablets I've had lagged (even if just one program was running). Must be that quad core processor. This would also be my first experience with Android KitKat, but Androids don't vary too much, so it's easy to use. I must finally note that when the description says 6 hours of battery life, believe it. I normally will use it for a little while, then come back to it later. So, I've been able to go a couple of days without having to charge it. This is perfect for me. My primary use for the tablet is reading. My reading apps don't use up too much power. I like to use it mainly at church and around the house. I'm so glad I got this one. I will take great care of it (get a case for it, don't let the kids play on it, etc...) and will probably get another one soon.
R4JK3RVM561DO	2.0	but the lag was still very poor, and it did crash about half the time	0	0	1. The first thing I noticed was a slight gap between the faceplate and the housing where the power button is located - not a huge problem, but it made it look shoddily put together. 2. Set-up was smooth, but count-down for the battery icon was very distracting, mainly because of how quickly the percentage points dropped while the device was more or less idle (one example: immediately after charging the battery I walked about 40 feet from my room to the kitchen and sat down - during that time the battery meter dropped from 99% to 89% - that was without opening any apps). Maybe the battery meter was defective. I never timed how long I could get use out of the tablet before having to recharge, but it wasn't much. Recharging was quick - about 2.5 hours. 3.Even though the tablet is advertised as "3d Game Supported" the games I tried lagged and crashed. The item's picture on Amazon shows a Clash of Clans icon on the screen - I doubt it would be playable. 4. I bought this mainly for handy web-browsing. Chrome crashed every single time I used it. So I installed Dolphin - that allowed me to read some pages that quickly crashed with Chrome, but the lag was still very poor, and it did crash about half the time. I also tried Firefox with the Adblock Plus extension - just as bad as Chrome. I downloaded and used the app killer recommended in the tablet's paperwork, but it didn't help the situation. 5. Held horizontally, the viewing angle from side to side wasn't too bad, but tilt it back an inch or two and the image becomes very obscured. 6. I was surprised about the one decent thing with this tablet - Youtube worked. I watched the Star Wars: The Old Republic videos, which are pretty visually intensive, and they looked ok. I'm not sure why that works while browsers and games do not. In conclusion,I wasn't expecting much for $50, but after reading many of the positive reviews here I'm surprised at how little this machine could function. It may have been defective.
RNNJHJ7DS7YU4	5.0	Great tablet, works in all aspects streaming, wifi, gaming, great sound and image VERY HAPPY	0	0	I purchased two of these because i couldn't beat the price and the tablet. i I loaded everything on there for my children and they are working great. I plan to watch them closely and see how well they keep functioning and will re-post another review here in a few weeks. These are great tablets for the price and even if not for the price they are functioning very well. You tube streams properly, so do movies, etc. We purchased the expansion cards bc of the limited memory and an external battery charger. I noticed my kids were able to get a good 3-3.5 hours of continual play on these on full charge. The external batter charger ($9.99 3200mah) works very well when they are at low battery and could possibly play 3 more hours (which they shouldn't be doing). I just wanted to test these out to be aware of their battery life and the next day we let them die down and plugged it up to the external battery. The sound, the screen image quality is great and going from app to app is quick. I have an ipad and a windows surface...these work better than the surface IMO my husband keeps having windows problems with his he commented he should get one of these. we also purchased the cover folio that goes with this as my kids may drop and didn't know how these would hold up so i wanted to help these little tablets along as much as i could. oh and the head phones work great on these as well. i haven't had an issue only on my son's where the wifi was flickering on and off but not enough to stop him from streaming his video and it froze one time that i know of but i was doing a bunch of downloading and setting up his tablet so that may be it; however, i am keeping an eye out on these issues and have asked my son to let me know. i disconnected wifi and reconnected with password and it still flickered but again it didn't stop the streaming. Overall, extremely happy with these tablets and i highly recommend these for any age. will re-post progress in a few weeks.
R6QRACJWP34X4	3.0	Good buy for the money.	0	0	I admit this is my first tablet. I've used and built computers since the 1980s. So while I am new to tablets, I'm very adept with PCs. This tablet does offer a lot for the price. Really can't beat it, but I only give it 3 stars, because the camera is not good at all. The photo resolution is pretty sad. The sound is good but would have been nice it I had paid attention to see it only has one speaker. Also not good for someone who loves quality music reproduction. My fault. But will be good to have it sit there while I work around the house and not really paying attention to this issue. It takes getting used to finding how to get around to everything you want to do that comes so quickly and "naturally" on a computer. I have yet to figure out how to correct the time. It insists I am in Beijing, China. The other disappointment for me was to learn its Android OS is not compatible for the Wink Hub home automation. The online tech with Wink said all I needed was either Android or Apple OS. Wrong. And again, not this tablet's fault. I thought about returning it, but for only $50 I decided to see if I could learn to love it. Setting up Spotify and YouTube helped. It's a good buy for entertainment. I don't much care for the way you have to type to send an email, but learned you can use the microphone for speech to text. That works pretty good. Only problem there is when it gets a word or phrase wrong, because I've tried to go back and fix it with text editing and I couldn't do it. So i either had to leave the gook or delete the whole message to start over. That's rather annoying. Overall, it's a good buy for the money. I just needed to pay closer attention some of its details before buying it.
R1YDZYTVPFNHHM	5.0	Finally - you get your money's worth!	1	1	This little guy is tough, smooth and functional. You cannot bet the quality vs price balance. They even provide simple directions on selecting certain apps for killing background apps to speed up the tablet. I may buy another one for my other child!
R2NDD8FAKWDJ75	4.0	Starter tablet for every newcomer :)	0	0	Was hesitant at first, but the product proved me wrong! As my first purchase of a tablet, I needed something that would be able to just do tasks such as typing documents and hold my scanned files for my classes. Many of my peers boast about their tablets ranging from Samsung, Ipad mini, LG, and even Nabi that can cost more than my basic laptop!? No way! I needed something budget friendly, that had the basic needs on every tablet (as though it was a laptop/phone), and had access to Google Play instead of automatically trying to download and fail. This product was it! The bonus for me was that the tablet had access to Bluetooth which connected wonderfully with my Bluetooth headphones! The reviews from other customers did warn me of the RAM amount when it comes to multi-tasking. Even the battery shortage would be an average of 2-3 hours, but I never owned a tablet and just needed one instead of hauling my laptop everywhere around my university. Google drive is a major help in my assignments and finally being able to have easier access to eBooks. A miracle with this tablet! You have to lighten the load because even books from college become a burden. I think the only issue I have is the performance with one Google Play game called Final Fantasy Record Keeper (I adore JRPG playing). Probably the only game I play besides an occasion Angry Birds out of boredom. The instructions did mention an app from Google Play to boost the the performance and I thank tech support for mentioning it. It even extended my battery life! Still, I'm remotely satisfied with the outcome of my new purchase and hope that the company continues to produce excellent products like this.
R2PK130B1SIOO6	4.0	N7 Pro 7 tablet: great for the price	1	1	This is my first tablet, and I am impressed by the level of function for a $50 tablet. It has all the features I need, especially email, a web browser, Skype and photo storage. It was easy to set up. For a $50 tablet, you can't beat it.
R1KFKA2FSFG8OJ	3.0	Its good but easily breakable its good for kids its cheap ...	5	7	Its good but easily breakable its good for kids its cheap good working tablet u can put games video photos and movies for kids it has 4.4 KitKat android but to be safe buy a case or it will break instantly if u drop it. Its a good tablet 3 stars
R3KSDZSPF4R5KY	1.0	Don't waste your money.	1	1	I bought this for my little girls birthday. It is no user friendly at all and the screen wasn't all that great in the first place, then it went into x-ray mode! I know that you usually get what you pay for, but it should at least work!
R2HXFS27KK1DBW	3.0	Is not compatible with all Google Play games.	1	1	Seems to be a good tablet but we bought it to play Game of War on and it says the device is not compatible to the game. I guess this means we will have to find another tablet that is compatible. :-( Needless to say, we are disappointed.
R2RVAVTRO38ITF	4.0	You get what you pay for.....	0	0	I am giving this tablet 4 stars, only because it is a decent tablet- for the price. Let me make the "for the price" clearer. It is a very cheap tablet...as tablets run. I think I had my expectations set too high in this case. This tablet runs pretty smooth, although I have yet to add more than 2 apps of my own since set up. Battery life leaves more to be desired. In sleep mode, the battery is decent. While using the tablet, the battery life seems to drop a percentage every minute your using it. Some of the bugs we've been discovering include:1) the Wi-Fi does not stay connected. It blinks on and off while using it, which gets very frustrating. 2) While attempting to load a local news website, (keep in mind, the battery drops a percentage per minute during use) it went from 33% - 27% and the page had not yet completely loaded. I do not believe the internet usage in our home could have been a factor, we do have high speed, but at that time, we only had one other thing connected and running off our internet. The camera in this tablet is basic, low grade picture quality. I have not attempted streaming video as of yet. Pandora played smoothly, speaker quality is clear, crisp and decently loud. Game play is good, as long as it is not downloading at the time. The tablet itself is very light weight, cheap feeling almost. Would I purchase this again? Maybe for a young child to play games on, or if that was the only intention I had when purchasing it. This is not something you would want to surf the internet on. Purely a tablet for gaming apps and leisure. Like I stated above- you get what you pay for.
RBXMF7ABKQR4N	1.0	... this cause I broke my dragon touch y88x it sucks if you wanna get social media apps and actually ...	1	1	got this cause I broke my dragon touch y88x it sucks if you wanna get social media apps and actually do stuff get the dragon touch its the same size same price can connect to your phone swap pics etc. with a data transfer cable
R1FI6B2X1QHLRL	5.0	Totally worth it.	1	1	Bought it to download books for college and it is perfect. Has good battery life and the size is awesome. The screen looks good. And the tablet overall works just fine. And for the price, seriously I couldn't have asked for best.
RKM7EEGFWHUDU	5.0	For my first tablet it is great. I want to use it for contacts	1	1	For my first tablet it is great. I want to use it for contacts, calendar notes, fun games, etc. I wanted a bigger than cellphone, but smaller than laptop to carry around and this fits the bill. Also the price is right.
RYHPUHSYMDIKZ	4.0	the performance is great. When in its case	0	0	This was a birthday gift for my daughter. She was used the tablet for almost two months now. Here is her review of it. Overall, the performance is great. When in its case, turning it vertically is not a great idea. The screen goes a bit wonky and you can't really see anything on it very well. Although it runs fast, sometimes I cannot use games because it says "no network connection". I have to go out of the game and go back in. The battery life is not very long, so I often keep it on its charger when I'm near a plug. The advanced task killer really helps with keeping my tablet running fast. The charger does not have long reach, I'm afraid. Some apps don't work all that well, but maybe that is just the apps. Otherwise, a great tablet. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- It is her tablet and I've only used it a couple times. The screen is good if you are looking at it head-on, but not viewable from the side or most other angles. This was to be expected based on price and other reviews I read, but I was still disappointed you can only see the screen clearly when holding it in just the right way. This is our second NeuTab device and other than the screen issue, both have worked very well for budget tablets. I would always recommend NeuTab if someone was looking for a nice, budget tablet for themselves or kids. As long as you understand this is not a top of the line tablet and has its limitations, you can't go wrong purchasing a NeuTab.
R22IUPTA08U9PN	2.0	Defective after 3 weeks	0	0	UPDATE - I purchased the first tablet on September 30th, today is October 19th. The tablet will power on but had weird lines going through the screen and the tablet is useless now. It has not fallen, been dropped or suffered any other misuse. I have contacted Amazon about a replacement and if we continue to have issues we will be requesting a refund and looking for something different that will last. We got a free tablet on our phone plan when we upgraded last year and since it was free, we gave it to the kids. While its a great tablet, the battery didn't last long, which frustrated the kids, and they were constantly fighting over it. We tried to solve this by giving them my husband's old tablet as well but that one is sadly on its last leg. This started the hunt for new, yet affordable,tablets for the kids as they use them for everything (learning, watching videos, homeschool activities, etc). We decided on this one based on the reviews. We were so pleased with the first one that we ordered that we actually purchased a second one the day we got the first one. This tablet is small yet large enough for what my kids use their tablets for and is easy for them to hold and easy to take on the go. Its Android, which is a big plus and I'm able to download all their favorite apps from the Google Play store for them and it has plenty of storage space for all their apps and other things. The camera isn't the greatest, but we didn't really buy it for the camera so that's not a huge deal for us. It charges amazingly fast, we were actually quite shocked by that and that's one of the biggest things that we love about it. Really, this is a great tablet for the price and we couldn't be happier with it, it is exactly what we were looking for.
R1CSUJXVWXUVFJ	1.0	Absolute garbage. The display is so dim it's hard to ...	1	1	Absolute garbage. The display is so dim it's hard to see. Made of cheap plastic. For the price, I bought this to run the dji pilot app. But when I tried to download app, this piece of crap is not compatible.
R2F82EC7XIX4SV	1.0	NO Good. .....	1	1	Very dissatisfied.... the on off button broke on the second day after Christmas so after much excitement of having tablets the boys was heartbroken when both of them broke....dont waste your money on these
R2CBBDE8KEGM8S	1.0	Cliff Notes: Go spend $50 on Tomagachis and get 20x value	0	0	First off, how many of these positive reviews are from people who haven't spent more than 1 hour with the tablet? The first thing you see when you open up the box is a note detailing the seller's bribe of a free tablet case in exchange for your positive review. I tossed it aside, I'm not a shill. Now onto this abysmal combination of recycled pcb from Rosie Odonnel's shake weight and junkyard components that make up this tablet. I wasn't expecting much maybe 50 hours of use but 30 minutes in and the damn thing boot looped me into a state of pissed off I hadn't felt in years. I should add that his occurred after trying to encrypt the device from factory settings. So I finally troubleshoot the device into a normal boot, have just enough time to fiddle around with basic operations (adjusting brightness which doesn't do much besides make the dull screen more nauseating) before it blacks out for good. I started to do a return but by this point had pu it in a drawer and walked away. That was 6 months ago. A friend of mine who is an expert with electronics just finished taking a look at the inside of the tablet and pointed out 2 components that had fried themselves up real nice like. I know you get what you paid for. Well I paid $50 for $14 worth of busted parts and a headache. I didn't even get to using the bloatware which was firmly garrisoned into the system data. My advice: stay away.
R2ONURNGC8T7GU	5.0	good tablet but made very cheap	1	1	it is a good tablet but it is made very cheap it feels like its going to break if I drop it I'm not talking about the screen I'm talking about the whole cover it feels like it's made of cheap plastic
R3CQNGMMC5EGJ7	1.0	Def recommend NOT buying	1	1	Just broke. Bought it not even 2 months ago. The screen no longer works. I see the return policy only covers 30 days. So I guess I'm stuck with a broken tablet and out $50. Def recommend NOT buying.
R3NQWTEZEX5AYY	5.0	Love the tablet	1	1	Love the tablet. We ordered it on april 8th and received it on april 10th. Really cool that we recieved it so soon. It would have been cool if it had a flash on it but a very good product no matter.
R1IVF3IPXBU4YG	5.0	I LOVE IT.	1	1	I LOVE IT ...IT IS EVERYTHING I WAS HOPING. THE ONLY THING IS ...I THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A NEW ONE. THE ONE I RECIEVED MUST HAVE BEEN A USED ONE....THERE ARE SCRATCHES ON THE SURFACE OF THE SCREEN.
R2SRW4BDHJT7AV	4.0	Very easy to handle	1	1	I got my New tab yesterday and I must say am hooked on it already .Its very easy to handle and I love the color too very girly.I will recommend it for any on who want something not too expensive .
R2U9DYXTODYWYT	3.0	You Get What You Pay For	0	0	TL;DR Its cheaply made and slow. The battery life drains really fast. --------------- First, let me say I had next to zero expectations for this tablet. At the price, I figured it would be cheaply made and easily broke. I bought two of these when I purchased them. One for me, one for my SO. For a 50$ tablet. You get what you pay for. The battery life is short. Only lasts a couple of hours. Less if you are playing a game or watching videos. 20 minutes of game play took the battery life down nearly 45% for me. Where the USB and the charging base connect is flimsy and a little bit loose. The tablet is light and I fear if I ever drop it, it will break really easy. The tablet is a little slow and some of the response times when playing a game or browsing the internet is delayed. The reason I bought this tablet, it because the specs were comparable to a better known brand. However, I feel like within a year this will need to be replaced. I would recommend this tablet if you don't really use tablets and just want one for a couple of small things. If you are wanting one to play games on or watch a lot of videos, I would not recommend this tablet. I wanted mine for reading on my Kindle app. For that, I would recommend. Reading doesn't drain the battery life as much as games/videos. However, do not expect hours of reading.
R2LW4U0KTA1MGC	1.0	Cheap for a reason	1	1	Slow cheap tablet rerurned right away. One didn't even power on and the other u had to look dead on at the screen tilt even a little couldn't hardly recognize what was on the screen. Buyer beware
R21S00SDS5ZGEI	4.0	Review of the Product	1	1	It has a front camera also it is light which makes it even more comfortable to travel around. Most importantly the package was well kept and organize as well as the tablet was safe and secure.
RC66A3JHVZEG1	2.0	I'll pass on buying another N7 Pro	1	1	Not happy with this tablet. Battery life is very quick to drain, slow to load pages and have had trouble trying to load apps. Paid $50, which may explain why it's not very powerful or fast.
RD4R17WE0O2Q1	5.0	Perfect Size...Perfect Price!!!	1	1	This is an unbelievable tablet for the price. The size is perfect. It is easy to use and fast. If you are looking for a tablet with great performance and price, this is great!
R2KG7CUDH953OK	1.0	I got this and automatically it is messed up. ...	1	1	I got this and automatically it is messed up. Idk what is wrong with it. It's locked and won't let me in. I did not put a lock on it or anything. I'll contact seller tomorrow if I can..
RSP2RJW269XYP	4.0	good range on the BT and reasonably sensitive microphone	0	0	This tablet is being used to control my garage door thru a bluetooth connection to hardware. The n& included bluetooth, which some other similarly priced tablets did not. Tablet is working very well. In addition to the bluetooth, I'm using the microphone for voice activated control of the door, as well as the wifi for text message control. The wifi is stable, good range on the BT and reasonably sensitive microphone. Of lesser importance than function, but nonetheless appreciated is how well laid out their packaging is. The little details like that tell me they put some thought into their customer's experience- always a good sign. Two critiques. One is the screen, a couple angles get too much glare and there is a noted difference in color balance (almost a bluish overtone) etween the N7 Pro and other tablets of mine; the other tablets being more realistic colors. Two, the screen auto-rotation is not as responsive as with most tablets. I can only get one portrait and one landscape orientation (no flipping), which can be problematic given volume buttons and docking mounts. Overall I'm quite happy with this guy- especially at the $50 price point. Much better than other "cheap" tablets I've worked with.
R277RPA594M00	1.0	I'm not very happy with this product	1	1	I'm not very happy with this product. The display really sucks, the cameras are of VERY bad qualit and the processors are super slow. I do not recommend this tablet to anyone.
R2JCPVHTD9HJX2	5.0	Good Bang for the Buck	0	0	I was skeptical about the quality of this tablet compared to the price, but figured I'd give it a try. My five and six year old kids really put their RCA Voyagers through the ringer since Christmas and my five year old's finally bit the dust. So I bought her a new RCA Voyager. Then a week later, my six year old's tablet started responding much slower than usual. This time, I knew I had the leisure to go out and shop around a bit online. So after much comparison and reading SO MANY reviews, I went ahead and bought the NeuTab. This was already a win because it was cheaper than the RCA I bought my daughter at Wal-Mart. Upon delivery, I was really surprised how much nicer the packaging was than my daughter's RCA.It looked like a bit more thought and quality went into this alone. The tablet itself is more aesthetically pleasing than the RCA. The performance and options are superior to the RCA. It is just a really nice little tablet for the money! I am already looking at purchasing another one because I'm kind of worried that as people catch on to the value, the price might actually go up a bit. Overall, I'm really happy that I took the chance on this brand and this bargain. I will definitely be doing it again.
R1DMFNAW04HVTM	1.0	Doing lines	1	1	Darned tablet had lines through the screen right from the beginning, out of the box. I'd love to give it a higher rating, but quality control should have picked up on that.
R3NLGFLB1M3Z9	2.0	Use for media and that's about it	0	0	I purchased the NeuTab to try myself with a plan to purchase multiple units to give to my clients to display our products to customers. I don't think I will at this point. It feels cheap (which was expected for $50), the glare is horrific. Even staring at the screen dead on in natural inside lighting you can see yourself with the screen on and it's SO HARD to see the icons and words because they look mirrored and they look like they are under a magnifying glass....so don't even think you're going to use this tablet to read a book. It's so bad it actually makes me dizzy. The screen is laggy to input, if it takes it at all and your finger doesn't glide across the screen...more like stutters. The first time I tried to play a YouTube video, it crashed. The camera is unusable as it won't focus. It's complete garbage. I knew that I was going to be purchasing a crappy tablet, I was getting it just to play videos for my clients which it will do....but that's about it.
R3MJZ5162AEUE7	5.0	great	1	1	got this tablet its great and worth the money the only flaw i have found is the battery doesnt last that long other than that i would recommend this to people of all ages
R1959R6512RGNG	5.0	Great bargain	1	1	So far this tablet has been even more than what I expected given the price! Pretty good quality and is perfect for long car rides when I don't want to bring my laptop.
R1PLD5ZBL7EGHA	1.0	Useless!	1	1	This tablet wouldn't even power up when I received it! They are supposedly sending a replacement, so I will update rating when/if I get one that will actually turn on!
RCK28MSW6LV6T	2.0	blah! okay. nothing special. I cracked my ...	1	1	blah! okay. nothing special. I cracked my screen the second week I had it. didn't bother to try and get it fixed. i wouldn't buy it again. probably okay for a child.
R3J29S7J21UV3L	5.0	my son loves it.	1	1	my son loves it. He wanted a tablet and now he has it. I wanted a tablet that was droid ready it was. My son has had hours of fun. I recomend this tablet for teens.
R1X80EV2YYZDC1	5.0	Awesome but make sure to get a case	1	1	It has awesome quality with more than 5GB available. It's good for reading and in the white and green package, they give you the directions to get a free case. ðŸ˜€?
R3SFTZP2DK00GJ	1.0	the screen felt like sand paper	1	1	Very cheaply made..the screen felt like sand paper.i had to return because it was cheaply made and waste of money.PLEASE DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS!!!
R1GMVJSB7G0KIM	4.0	Cheap plastic housing but it works ok, and has very nice features for such an affordable tablet	0	0	I like it for the price. If I had not been looking for a purely Android tablet, I would have sent this back though and bought another Kindle Fire because the new fires are made much better and are easier to use, and are worth the extra expendature. (I've dropped my Fire more times than I remember and it is still going strong, and the 6" ones are very afforable.) But, I needed an inexpensive Android tablet and the expandable memory sold me. I wanted to be able to use it some for development work, but also usually it will stay in the kitchen on an adjustable movable arm so I can use it for a cookbook, or to stream some video while I work. I loved that it had Bluetooth because I can use it with better speakers. The plastic housing feels cheap but I'm ok with that as mine will remain fairly stationary. The camera is not anywhere near as good as my Kindle Fire's or my smartphone's, but it's ok and a nice bonus feature. It is good enough to snap pictures of grocery receipts if you want to. The volume level of the speakers is about average for the tablets that I have. The battery is decent- it goes for about 3 hours before needing a charge, and if Bluetooth is turned off, it goes a bit more. It does come with a screen protector, but it is a cheap one. The display is fine and it is easy to read. The wireless works well and was a snap to set up. Once I was signed into Google, all my favorites, gmail, and other Google applications were a snap to access, a really nice thing about Android.
R3NQI6OHTFRARB	5.0	no worries from scratch and water spillage	1	1	Thank goodness this product is made with quad core, because it's free from scratch and it's water resistant. So I have no worries when my children are using it.
R15EOSTFKVSGBY	2.0	Not for me	0	0	Sooooooooooooooooooo very disappointed in this tablet. Thought I would save a few bucks and get a cheaper tablet when my old one died. It's from Google, what did I have to loose, right? I gave it some time, but just now ordered a duplicate of my dead tablet. This tablet is very cheap. Lessons learned = you get what you pay for. The feel is cheap, I could work with that, but the battery is awful. I don't use it every day, and when I wanted too = the battery was dead...EVERY TIME. The operating wasn't for me, maybe because I'm getting old, but waiting for it to start (after charging it before every use), and then starting in the browser every time just isn't for me. The graphics were cheap, I could deal with that also...the commands were very slow...I'm aging just waiting on it to respond. The makers ask for a good review, and say if you e-mail your post to them you can get a free cover. Well, that's probably the only way they get good reviews! Perhaps if I never had a GOOD tablet this would have been something...but just be warned...read ALL reviews. Pay a bit more and move on with your life!
R29Q3X6LUA8A47	4.0	Great Tablet for this Price Range.	0	0	Having never heard of this company, I took a chance and bought this tablet based on it's good reviews here on Amazon and it's great price. I am very glad that I took the chance because I really like this tablet. It works great and looks great. My grand-kids are all fighting over who gets to play with it. I have another tablet of my own so now I actually get to use it when they are here.It took me all of a minute or two to set it up and it was streaming Netflix. For it's price range it is exceptional and has everything that you could want in a basic tablet. I was so impressed that I actually went ahead and bought the larger tablet -Â NeuTab N10 Plus 10.1 Inch Octa Core Tablet PC Google Android 5.1 Lollipop System 1GB RAM 16GB Nand Flash Bluetooth 4.0 HD Dual Camera HDMI Output Google Play Pre-installed 3D Game Supported Slim Design Black (Back to School Limited Time Offer). I just received it today so haven't had a chance to open it yet, but am expecting the same quality as the 7 inch tablet. I also bought a blue tooth speaker to go with it. I am very happy with my purchase and think that you will be too.
R3QFVLNJYSWUB	4.0	Great 1st tablet	0	0	Great bargain tablet! This is my first Android tablet. I'm teaching myself Android development, and I wanted something super simple for deploying my apps onto tablets for testing. This one is a great buy for this purpose. It's packed with features (bluetooth, wifi, microSD slot, forward/rear cameras, etc) and is plenty speedy thanks to its quad-core processor. I'd be lying if I said I didn't use it for watching some Netflix and YouTube in addition to my dev purposes. Works fine there as well. The only areas I've seen where quality could be improved were in the resolution of the screen and the camera. But, given the price, overall quality, and my specific needs, these issues are relatively minor. Individuals looking to use this as a 2nd camera or videophiles looking for a media tablet should keep looking. Otherwise, I don't think you'll be disappointed with this tablet. Only reason I took off a star is because of the lack of dedicated hardware keys (maybe this is standard, like I said, this is my first tablet). And the extremely limited viewing angle of the screen is a major bummer, even for my development purposes.
R3NRTH28WPPPHU	3.0	I would recommend spending more to get a more durable tablet	1	1	Made from cheap plastic. And the volume button already broke off. I would recommend spending more to get a more durable tablet. Will not buy from them again.
R3CWEV753I0SZR	1.0	Piece of junk	1	1	Do not waste your money. My son ordered this before school and within 3 weeks it was broken. Ordered a replacement and now 5 weeks later it is broken again.
R2A8T7ZQKFHBRB	4.0	Great product small and very compatible	1	1	Great product small and very compatible. I have had mine for 3 months and the screen went gray on me and it is now unusable. Not sure what happened but FYI.
R2FVB70SAM6G8B	4.0	Good enough for the price	0	0	My mom (who's not very tech-savvy) uses her iPhone to access Facebook to keep tabs on family. It broke my heart a little, watching her sit there, straining her eyes to read everything. After reading the other reviews, I decided to get her this small tablet after reading the other reviews about how happy people were with it. Since she'd only be using it for Facebook, I didn't really need anything too fancy. The tablet itself works well; it felt lighter than I thought it would, and like other reviews said, the power button feels a little 'cheap', but we haven't had any problems with ours yet. It works for what I wanted it to, but if you're looking for much more (multitasking, etc), you might want to do a bit more research because while it runs everything, there's slight lag every now and then. My mom noticed this lag when comparing it to her iPhone, but it wasn't enough to stop her from using it. I can't really say much about the bluetooth or camera options much. When I tried the camera, I did find it somewhat lacking, but you can't really expect much for such a good price.
R255L2T227E63B	5.0	good quality	5	7	very useful tablet for me. really like the price with good quality, tested with some game like "SIMs", enough for my daily life.
R13TZPXU30T3ZN	4.0	Excellent little tablet	1	1	purchased for my husband. He liked it so much, I ended up getting one for myself. Easy to set up & use. very fast & reliable. really like the keyboard.
R3AKPDW7CZQ30S	5.0	A Wonderful 7" Tabet	0	0	This is an amazing tablet. Especially for the price. I have an Asus Nexus 7 (2012) tablet now running Lollipop OS. It is so slow that I had to get another mobile WiFi way to do hangouts, check mail, frequently check a few website. I saw this tablet was highly rated and the price was very good, almost too good to be what I wanted. I was very concerned abou t the small amount of RAM (512mb). It appears NeuTab has optimized the KitKat OS for speed with small RAM. I have kept the installed application to a minimum, similar to what i had when the Nexus 7 was new. It is very responsive. Using it I don't have to wait minutes to display what I want (literally). This is an update. I still like the NeuTab but it has a serious flaw. When Ã®t goes to sleep the WiFi shuts off regardless of the WiFi settings this means that notifications do not happen. Therefore I miss hangouts from my friend. Very Bad!!! Features are: Bluetooth -- needed to run Torque (which works well), Google Play pre-installed (easy to add apps and update them), Good size battery (3775mAh according to Battery Monitor Widget) Cons: Camera resolution is poor. Some areas of the screen are hard to make the touch work. I recommend this for anyone wants a low cost, responsive tablet. Very impressive!
R11C8QC24NOQUY	5.0	... the new Great-Grandpa to Skype with and it is great. He can see his great granddaughter who is ...	1	1	Bought this for the new Great-Grandpa to Skype with and it is great. He can see his great granddaughter who is 600 miles away any time he wants now.
R3M074HD4T7YEZ	1.0	Worst Tab ever used	1	1	Tab is very slow and it is getting struck even for smaller games. Battery performance worst. Not even getting couple of hours. Not recommended.
R1GHTW8TSM8L04	4.0	Overall you can't beat the price for this kind of performance and the included features.	0	0	First off I was impressed the tablet came mostly charged along with everything you need to get started. Cables, charger, screen protector and support text information. It has all the features you will probably need and it does have very good display resolution much better than others I looked at. I have it for about a month so far and it's performance and speed is very good. It charges quickly and the battery life is not bad at all. The only exceptions that I experienced are some reboots out of nowhere which have subsided. The other thing, and maybe it's me, it's touch display is very sensitive and the rear of the unit itself is rather lite in respect to durability. I would be careful not to squeeze it too hard or even think of what would happen if dropped. . I do own an apple air and am always concerned about damaging it and/or worse losing it. With the NeuTab that is not a concern. It can fit in your pocket. Overall you can't beat the price for this kind of performance and the included features. It is way less expensive then others.
R15N15WJ5XCJD1	2.0	Lasted only 3 months before it crashed.......	0	0	First two tablets arrived with cracked screens, amazon was great to replace them. We then got our third it is has been great for my 7 year old, who takes care of it. It is in a case and believe it or not she is doesn't let it out of her sight. She charges it daily. She used it last weekend on a long trip to Maine and when it ran out of battery she plugged it in. When she awoke it was in the reboot screen. Fine..... but now it won't reboot. We have only had it since middle of May and this occurred in the middle of August. I am waiting for Neutab to respond to my requests for help. So far none. If they do I will update this post. It is a perfect tablet for a kid, for 50 bucks you can't do wrong. I was expecting a year out of it though. Not 3 months........ I purchased a case for 8 bucks on amazon and it really protects the tablet. Not to the wise..... don't let your kids buy lots of apps, because when stuff like this happens you loose them and all that money was wasted. In my 7 year olds case it was google play gift cards.....
R3VLYYQ7DE8UIC	5.0	Very glad I bought this..	0	0	Great little tablet for the price. This is exactly what I was looking for in a tablet the Bluetooth compatibility was the biggest selling point for me. I wanted something I could watch Netflix on while I was out and about without being tethered by a cord. There were several reviews complaining about the video quality but I see no issues considering this is a $50 tablet (not a Samsung or iPad which it seems people are comparing it to) Even with the brightness all the way down it is very easy to see. The sharpness depends on what your watching (Netflix's seems a little fuzzy but other videos are sharp so I'm thinking its just Netflix) It's definitely better than my ProntoTec and my daughters iRulu (which are comparable in price). With Kit-Kat installed I haven't found anything so far that I can't download. The only thing I had a problem with was getting the protective film off (some people complained the screen feels cheap, that's just the protective film) but that was a very minor issue. Over all I'm extremely satisfied.
R1P0HJA4W27NUE	1.0	Terrible product. NOT worth any amount over $20.00	0	0	Wow, I was at least expecting something decent for $50.00, but I wouldn't pay $20 for this thing. I bought this for my young son and after sitting down to set the thing up I knew right away I was sending this back. Right away when I plugged it in I noticed the charger wouldn't go in very well,. I had to push pretty hard on the 3rd try and it finally went in. I've had charger issues with electronic devices so right then I had a bad feeling knowing it would probably cause larger issues later. After fully charging it, the battery died about 10% every 5-10 minutes. I checked the screen brightness and it was only at 50%. Also, the screen quality is HORRIBLE! So much glare and reflective colors, almost like oil and water when they mix. It killed my eyes and even my husband and son said it hurt their eyes just look at for a few seconds. This thing was barely out of the box and charged up before I broke the news to my son that we had to send it back. I can't justify spending money on something of such poor quality. One more thing I noticed as FALSE advertising (besides the "great quality" screen) is the box states Android 5.0 Lollipop but this shows 4.4 KitKat? Which is it? Whatever it was it was crap on this tablet.
R1XOS32U6AUQ13	1.0	yuk	1	1	Site won't allow review... Awful...review finally posted. Product is terrible. Don't waste your time. Amazon return was great ... kudos to them
R2H4NEYDP3MJ0O	4.0	Im still in the learning period to get use to it but overall i like it. Easy to navigate and it pretty light	1	1	I just Received my NeuTab Pro, Im still in the learning period to get use to it but overall i like it. Easy to navigate and it pretty light.
R1AOD14SK44VEG	3.0	My NeuTab Android Pro 7 appears to be working well	0	0	It was a gift certificate. After ordering I received it promptly. After about 1 1/2 months the display suddently total failed. I contancted NeuTab (Amazons replacement had expried) via Email. Although correspondence was somewhat slow, I assume they are very busy, they agreed to replace it after I sent in my broken one. Unfortunety it was lost in shipping. However NeuTab replaced it anyway with a new one. They even checked it out before shipping. I am new to using an Android Tablet. So I am having start up confusion, however it seems to be working very well. It seems to do and will do everything that I want. One of the hardest things to do is to attach the screen protector without leaving air bubbles. It would be good if the protector sheet was applied by someone who knows what they are dong. The touch pad on the new one works very well. The 1st one had touch pad issues. It wold also be good to have a better manual (or a link) on how to use android for people like me.
RHBDHB7XMSKUN	2.0	Not a good value	0	0	+.+This tablet is easily rootable. However DO NOT use towell root. It's incompatible. You really just need KingRoot, SuperSu, and an app called System App Safe Remover (0r es files) Install kingroot or sasr first, then uninstall/disable programs through the gear icon, "settings" then "apps" then uninstall... After rooting and overhauling, this tablet WILL perform better, however, it might not operate as efficiently as you might have expected. Review: The Neutab n7 pro is basically a knock-off of a Quality Android tablet. Out of the box, it runs similar to your generic dual-CPU Android. It has a distracting square grid super-imposed on the display. It only responds when you touch it very lightly. Compared to the Kindle Fire, CURRENTLY AT THE EXACT SAME PRICE, this has more general value. Hopefully this might save you some time and frustration! Much nicer than the Amazon Fire!
R2NSX3J8B0DW2S	5.0	Great Value and Customer Service!	0	0	I bought 2 of these tablets to use as controllers for the various Internet connected items we have - lights, music, etc. I figured even if the user experience wasn't perfect, I could live with it for the price. I was happily surprised when I received them! The build felt solid and they were pretty fast. I was able to customize them to use as a home control and they worked perfectly. The items I'm running from them are Sonos, Logitech Harmony, Nest and Wink. If you use Wink, the Google Play store says the app is incompatible with this device. However, a quick Google search for the Wink APK provided a downloadable file that installed perfectly. After about 40 days (just outside the return window), one of the tablets completely died. Wouldn't boot. So I sent an email to the seller through Amazon, and they immediately shipped out a replacement. Amazing customer service! It's not an iPad replacement, but it was the perfect option for my needs.
R3QKQ9E3RLOMGS	1.0	Don't always trust what the directions tell you mine doesn't work i can only use it for 30 min at a time!!!	0	0	i have contaced amazon about the problem i am having i use it just to play games and i wasn't even on it for for than an hour and it began feeling very hot i tried to power it down and it started making all kinds of sounds and things were popping onto the screen i finally got it to power down, and when i contacted Amason, they said i would only be able for a 15 $ certificate!! i just order it a couple of months ago, i would have thought it would still be under warranty!! So don't spend you money on this cause it will start to break down within a few months and the only thin they will offer you is a 15 doll certificate!!! and we paid 50 of the tablet.... so disappointed! i read the specs and it says it should be able to run for 3 hours and it cant's is not even goo for a child, i would feel unsafe letting a child use it for i would be afraid it would blow up!!!Amazon step u to the plate a fix a product that it not what it was supposed to be!
R1UH4U2RYML147	4.0	great buy	1	1	It was for my grandsons birthday and he likes it a lot. Does everything he wants it to do. He turned 8 so the price was great too!
R30MLV4YKTTB7Y	5.0	Best tablet you'll find in this price range	0	0	Absolutely a great buy! I have a NeuTab brand tablet of my own, so when my son wanted one for his 12th birthday it was only natural that I was going to buy him a brand I knew and trusted. I was curious if it was going to hold up to the abuse of a 12 year old, because I am not very rough with mine, nor do I use it excessively like I knew my son would. So far, the tablet has taken everything he's put it through, and could probably withstand much more. No issues downloading anything my son has wanted, it runs his music and apps seamlessly, and the battery life is incredible! I know there are many different brands out there in this price range, but you will not find this quality at this price anywhere else, nor will you find a tablet in this price range that is Bluetooth compatible. Now my other son wants one for Christmas and if he is lucky enough to get one, I'm sure you can all guess what brand the tablet will be...NeuTab!!!
R117SH3D0XKQKC	3.0	I was not happy with that product	1	1	No it did not work when I turned it on. it freeze up.it would not connect to the internet. I was not happy with that product.
R1GHCRX4YGLMQO	3.0	expected too much	0	0	The screen to me in this day and age is worthy of 50 bucks, but just not worthy of buying still. It's like walking around with a good standard definition TV in your pocket. You have to be at like the perfect angle for it to be watchable. Or you'll see shadows of people instead of people. The battery only lasted for about 3 hours maybe less of video watching and a little gaming. You have to use the charger that's not the USB or it won't hold a charge for more than 30 min. With that said kodi, temple run, Netflix, amazon, web browsing works fine. Its slow on taxing sites. After having a kindle 7inch HD that got ran over by car I wish I would have gotten the kindle hd6inch. Only 50 bucks more. The HD screen is worth it 1200x800 not 1200x600. After watching a movie on an iPad then going back to the kindle; the iPad is better but not enough to miss it. After watching a movie on my neutab I miss my kindle dearly.
R3VH58DPF58QZF	1.0	Not a good product	1	1	Don't buy this tablet. It is cheap and there is reason. Super slow processor, doesn't connect well to wifi, awful battery life.
RX2LJEZC5H40W	5.0	Bday gift	1	1	This was a gift for my younger brother and he loved it, for the kids its just perfect it even came with a screen protector!!!
R26EBWEL27VBJR	3.0	It is fast / I like the screen quality customer service is really great as ...	0	0	It is fast / I like the screen quality customer service is really great as well . One problem Is the 2 hour battery life on a down loaded movie standard definition . I get 2 hours a movie /a TV show after .. Music I got 3-3.5 hours with head phones all non stream A low action video game with music muted , 1,5 hours .. This is great Tablet I sent a question about the battery life to the company , I did not get a answer if these times are common but a return authorization, so going do that I have owned the Kindle 7 and got about 5-6 hours I wanted to get away from being locked into the Silk browser and wanted my Goggle /Firefox So will shop around see if there are others with good battery life . I cannot see paying 50.00 then another 40 for the portable batt charger . it puts you in a new tablet price bracket so might as well spend it on a better one out of the box
R3789HCWN432Y4	5.0	Photographer review of Nue Tab N7 Pro 7	0	0	I wanted something light and easy to handle, to use as a digital portfolio for my photography business. This tables cost less that it would have been to print portraits to show my clients. I can access my website, Flickr, Facebook business page and show client my work, and I can update my work on any of these site to keep my work fresh for advertising and I never have to constantly reprint work for a portfolio when I can just pull out my table D The image quality and color on the table are as clear as the portraits and images are when they were taken. I can zoom in and the detail are just as sharp. I use my table anywhere there is free wifi and I can watch my Neflix movies, use Facebook etc. The dual camera is a bonus when I am at a location and need to refer back to lighting and space I may need for equipment set up. I love the product. Way more affordable than an iPad and just as useful.
R1EISY4TAIKCST	3.0	Cheap but good for reading on	0	0	Firstly, there are much better options out there, but how many of those cost $50? So yeah, for the price, this is an excellent device! My primary complaint about this tablet is the narrow viewing angle. If you're looking at the top of the screen, the bottom part has a "negative" appearance. So if you're reading from top to bottom, you constantly have to tilt the tablet one way or another so that what you're reading is legible. I've noticed that white backgrounds are easier to read than black ones. This thing looks and feels cheap. The buttons are in unusual locations. It runs Kitkat. It's under-powered & laggy. So why do I think it's a good deal? Because I bought it to read my digital magazines on. It works fine for that. Pros: Cheap Cons: - Screen is reflective - Narrow viewing angle - Under powered - Cheap construction
R2GJ9SUGKEPM91	5.0	wife loves it!	1	1	I bought this for my wife and she loves it. For the price it's a great buy for those looking for an entertainment device.
R1TCKMJC5O533W	5.0	I love the Neu Tab N7 Quad Core!!!	0	0	I got the Neu Tab N7 Pro W Quad Core Tablet for fun, you know games, searching the net when someone else is on the pc, and watching Netflix when out of the house. I should've let it charge overnight the first time I charged it, but I was excited and took it off the charge after 3 hours... so my fully charged battery life is only 5 and a half hours. But as far as it working, it's great, I can surf the web, see, read, and deal with emails, the only slow part that I've found... is me. But that's just because I'm learning. There's no 2 or 3 minute wait time to move from screen to screen. It moves almost as quickly as my pc. I love the storage space, 8 gb is great, and I really love that can add memory space by adding an SD card. I'm DEFINITELY HAPPY with what I purchased!!! My sons are in love with it so much that they are wanting to buy their own.
R1LQQPBYJ3K914	3.0	Not all it's cracked up to be.	0	0	Well. I've had time to play this now, and really, I should have gone for something else. There are times when I wonder if, during the packing process, someone took out what I ordered and slipped in an inferior tablet. First of all, startup takes sometimes around two minutes. Overly long, wouldn't you say? Then theres the matter of apps not running correctly when they've run fine on mobiles touting less balls that this one does. It lags changing apps, it lags loading social apps like Facebook, it even lags putting it into screen lock and coming back out. Granted, not every single time, but for what was advertised, you'd think you'd not get much lag at all, if any. Honestly, the only reason I haven't asked for a refund is because I need something better than my 3DS for web browsing. There are better devices out there. Find them.
R2OS20DU255WUO	1.0	it has poor reception and you can't play anything too long on ...	1	1	This item doesn't stay charge,it has poor reception and you can't play anything too long on it, I do not like it at all.
R1ZSQCXVCR20G6	3.0	Okay tablet for reading and streaming.	0	0	This tablet is Okay. For the price it is great. I turned off all of the options in order to maximize its performance. What I use it for is YouTube for my kids, and reading. Some apps crash on it (Crossyroad, Clash of Clans, Relax and Sleep). These apps do not crash every time it is random. I think it is due to the lack of RAM. The screen is pretty bad, it has a bad glare and your line of site has to be pretty direct in order to see it clearly. The speaker is also pretty bad. It isn't loud and the quality is poor. I use Bluetooth headphones for sound. The blue tooth is good. The WIFI is 2.4 only but works well. It is also slow to load the home screen. I recommend an app that keeps your RAM clear. All that being said if you want a tablet for watching video or reading this is not bad. Once an app is loaded (which can take some time) It usually works well.
R1WZ3Z0I9P19FQ	1.0	Wish I never got it	1	1	This thing is Bella s***ty! It is slow, it restarts itself all the time and takes forever toun freeze when it freezes
R3KQB04BQ9BVV7	1.0	Dont buy manufacturer defect in the inlet for charger .	0	0	I am so disappointed. This tablet function great .Bought for my so at Christmas it broke 2 months after purchase.The tablet stop charging.I believe its a defective inlet for the power cord. Neutab sent me another one as part of the warrenty. Again same problem wont charge same as last tablet. 2 tablet s in less then 6 months. Its definitely a manufacturer defect in these Tablets .Now Im gonna send second one back for a replacement. The problem is they keep sending me the same defective tablet design. Without fixing the problem . So it's a great tablet but will not last longer then 2 months stops charging. Im hoping neu tab doesnt sent me another defective tablet. Shipping has cost me $25.00 for the 2 tablets And appear to be a waste of money. What happen to customer service? Or correcting the problem. Thanks Dean
R1S7RKDE8OZE8M	5.0	What a nice and neat tablet! Good for the price!I love it so far!	4	6	This is my first tablet. Bought it for my 4 year old son for playing toddler games. For me, I am a Computer idiot and have zero experience about an iPad or Google Android Tablet PC. 7 inches screen is big enough for simple games for a toddler. Back to the tablet itself, I simply tested it a little bit. The internet speed or WiFi is fast when I browsing the Web so I am happy! The camera has font and rear facing just like an smart phone. It also come with some handful apps which I haven't have a chance to play with. Well, I don't do a lot of things with a Tablet PC, just web browsing and watch some videos/movies and that's it. Overall both me and my son are satisfied with this product, lol.
R1WABGHWMVHLGO	4.0	I really like it!	0	0	I am Kendra's mom and I am new to owning a tablet. I got this tablet to replace another brand that sent me two that didn't work. I wanted an android device to take on a trip so that I could access apps I cannot on my windows phone. I have had this now for a couple of weeks and really like it! It was very easy to get set up and downloading apps is a snap. The only issue I have had at all is that sometimes, it does NOT want to change orientation from vertical to horizontal no matter how I rotate it - or upend it. It has always eventually changed, though, and the image quality and responsiveness in changing screens has been completely satisfactory. While it is obviously not an iPad or a Galaxy, I knew that when I was looking for a bargain priced tablet and I am very pleased with its performance as a $50 tablet.
R3M55R9ELM4ZF8	5.0	Definitely recommend it to you	3	4	This product works perfectly well and is just as the seller described. Definitely recommend it to you.
R3BHWU77MBOH6D	5.0	pretty dope	1	1	just got it this morning and i cant get off it amazing and for such a great price cant go wrong pretty kool
R2623UWA4RS4X0	1.0	The one I got is a iece of junk	0	0	Completely dissatisfied because 1: sometimes it responds to my touch, most of the time it doesn't, 2: There is no instruction book with it or online - only a diagram showing the buttons and what they are for and how to turn it off and on., 3: I can't read it without a magnifying glass. 4: while I am searching or typing, it shifts to something else and I lose my place. 5. The time is always 12 hours ahead of EST. I suppose this is because it was made in China and set there permanently. I have spent hours trying to figure how to change it. As soon as we go off daylight savings time, it will be 13 hours off and this will be a real hassel, not just an inconvenience as it is now. There is more, but I haven't got time to write any more. HOW DO I GET ONE THAT WORKS WITHOUT PAYING A LOT OF POSTAGE?
RE52L9V1MML0Y	2.0	i ordered this product and did not get it the ...	1	1	i ordered this product and did not get it the first time and reorder and it came with the speakers not working.
R2IDJ8VFCNFPL1	5.0	good affordable tablet, no complaints	0	0	This is exactly what we needed. We wanted a cheap but fully functional tablet for our toddler to play with (limited, supervised time, for those of you who want to judge). She had a Zeki tablet but it broke. This is higher resolution, faster, more memory, and plays everything without the annoying quirks of the Zeki (eg, the Zeki's display wouldn't rotate, so videos couldn't be displayed full-frame; books just split up into unreadable page fractions, etc.). And it was cheaper. It came with Google Play so all we had to do was link to her account and all her games were ready to download. No problem at all linking to the home network. It blows the Zeki out of the water, and frankly, it compares favorably to our iPads. My toddler loves it. If I didn't own an iPad I'd probably get another for myself.
R1WFXZ4TF1AWGJ	5.0	Great product for the price you paid for	3	4	Great product for the price you paid for. Using it for games and social network,, I just love it .
R2OX27SWXEOXUJ	5.0	Not just for kids.	0	0	I was a bit skeptical when a few reviews said the screen was not crisp and clear and indicated that the tablet would be best for a child. Mine is great. In fact I am so pleased with the entire unit. It fits perfectly in my cargo pockets. It is easy to set up and easy to learn to use. I do not have my wifi up and running at home yet, so I used my library's wifi to set everything up (g-mail, calendar, downloaded 2 games) and it took less than an hour. When I got home I mirrored the screen with my new Smart TV and played the games on the big screen. I did leave it in sleep mode last night and this morning it told me it needed a charge, but only took about half an hour to bring it to 90%. For the price, I don't have to worry about loosing it or breaking a very expensive item.
RDCYXL2UX9R16	5.0	This is a perfect gift for someone on a budget who doesn't need cell service.	0	0	My grandson has wanted a tablet in the worse way for some time now. We have avoided purchasing one for him because of prices and then I found this little gem. It is perfect for him and I could buy him 4 for what we thought we were going to have to pay. We have worked with it and it works every bit as well as my LG tablet. It lacks 4g support, but he doesn't need that and his parents don't need the monthly fees. He has access to wifi every where he goes. I would recommend this as a good tablet and it is priced very reasonably. The biggest surprise is that it has android version 4. I thought to buy an economical tablet we would have to settle for an old version of software and it wouldn't be capable of many of the aps available. It runs the same version as my Droid Maxx!!
R7YWBP2ZZBF80	1.0	Does Not Work Have Tried Everything and it doesn't work ...	1	1	Does Not Work Have Tried Everything and it doesn't work A waist of money smh it was someone's Christmas gift
R25U1QDTPOGPHP	5.0	I like that I have Bluetooth on a budget tablet like ...	0	0	I got the NeuTab N7 Pro 7'' Quad-Core Tablet for the basic stuff, entertainment music, quickly checking things on the net (email, searching, etc.), and watching videos during down time. What works for me with this tablet is native support for Google play, and Amazon App store installed and worked without consequence. Haven't found app I use regularly that won't work with this tablet. On the first charge, I got a couple days use before needing to charge again. Mostly video streaming, internet browsing use. I keep screen brightness low and that helped with battery life. I like that I have Bluetooth on a budget tablet like this, some selling at 2-3 times the price don't even have it. Paired it with wireless headphones and a Bluetooth keyboard without a problem.
R25X0EDHQCXUV1	1.0	Garbage.	0	0	This tablet worked quite well! For about 2 days. Then I noticed a few things that concerned me, the first being that apps crashed left and right. Try to watch Amazon Video and not have it interrupted by frequent crashes, good luck. Secondly, I was unable to charge the battery from the actual charger, and had to do it via the USB port which worked quite well - until the next day, which was yesterday. One minute I was reading on my lunch break. I turn it to sleep mode, and I could not turn it back on. I know the battery wasn't dead because there was no drain icon. So I feel like I wasted so much money on this. I would recommend purchasing a Phablet, perhaps even Dragon Touch, since I will personally never sully my hard-earned cash with this pos in the future.
RKEKZUPRXAKQB	5.0	Easy Enough For Grandma To Use	0	0	My first tablet. I am a grandma and my grandkids are always finding the neatest apps on their phones, many of them I would like myself but I need a bigger screen. I found this sweet little deal the NewTab tablet. The reviews were good and the little tablet arrived today. Boy what a nice little tablet. The picture(display) is very pretty and the sound is awesome (even with my hearing aid) Grand kids told me that quad core is like twice as fast as dual core .. ok . all apps work great and I am going to add the Kindle for Android app right away. I hope that the charging USB connection holds up. Everyone I talk to about this says "be careful" they break really easy. Only first day but needed to write the review quickly so I can get a free hard case for it.
RLEKEG8VV5NRC	5.0	thoroughly content	1	1	So far so good! My fiancee wanted it for gaming and that's what he's using it for. It's done great so far.
R1HT5308X3R3V3	3.0	Sound isn't the best, touch senor is a little off but for ...	1	1	Basic starter tablet. Sound isn't the best, touch senor is a little off but for $50 I'm not complaining :)
R3829L8W9I0PV7	5.0	product was great, arrived promptly and was just as good as ...	1	1	product was great, arrived promptly and was just as good as I expected it to be. service is always great.
R2ICUA6V06OAT6	4.0	Nice NeuTab N7 Pro 7 Tablet	0	0	I received the NeuTab NT Pro 7" Quad-Core Tablet as a gift before I go into the hospital. This tablet will enable me to do the same things as if I am using my desktop at home. For example, I will be able to access my e-mail, internet, do Google searches, and Skype. This tablet will be a useful device so I can stay connected with friends and family. Using the stylus pen with this tablet, I find it easy to operate. The apps uploaded to this tablet meets my needs. Overall, I find this tablet convenient to use where ever I am at providing there is Wi-Fi available.
R1OZN28AAGLOG4	3.0	The tablet itself is a very nice piece of gear	0	0	The tablet itself is a very nice piece of gear. The sound is good and the cameras are adequate. The problem comes in when you try to make this work with your other computers and net work. The instructions provided are inadequate ans contact with NeuTab at their contact email didn't produce anything. In my case, lacking a competent 12 year old, I had to have a local computer company make a house call to get this to speak to the internet and to access email and google ( price $60.00). You certainly need a cover for the tablet ($15.00) and if you have large hands a stylus ($14.00) is a good investment. In short the $50.00 Tablet has been a $139.00 experience. However, for what I use this tablet for, now that it actually works, the cost was acceptable.
R800RM535DKJC	3.0	Wi-Fi connection doesn't have great range, so it was unreliable when upstairs	2	3	I'm a Kindle fire user and only bought this tab to get access to an activity tracker app only offered by Google Play, so I'm a bit prejudiced. The tablet looked okay, but the construction felt a bit flimsy to me, and felt a bit clumsy to use. Often had to tap icons several times before they'd open. Wi-Fi connection doesn't have great range, so it was unreliable when upstairs, but worked okay when downstairs near my router. I do like the fact that this tablet allows user accounts, so I could share with my husband. You get what you pay for, so it's okay, for a first-time tablet, but I would definitely buy a more expensive model for regular use if I decided to get rid of my Kindle Fire.
R1JJ1E18WQNKZA	2.0	Purchased 3 and all not working within 2 months	0	0	Unfortunately these were a no go. We truly wanted to like them as we purchased 3 of these and within 2 months all 3 are not working. The power button continually got stuck and with 2 of them you could only power them on when using the charger. We also purchased covers to go with the 3 we purchased however we were refunded as they didn't have any available..a huge no no for tablets especially when they are used for children. We returned 2 and received a new one for one and a refund for 1 and the new one stopped working in the exact same manner as the returned one. We weren't expecting the durability as we get from our ipads due to the low price, however, we did expect for them to hold up longer than a couple of months. Unfortunately, we can't recommend these.
RH6FFP7P2TLDN	1.0	sometime you find good products and sometime you waste and lose money	0	0	Very desappoint, i ordered this tablet for my 7years daughter because she has 9.5 at school. She is in Haiti me i was at delaware when i placed the order to be delivered at florida and when i came back the firs thing i touch is the tablet. I was very, very, very mad when i pressed the power key and nothing, take out the charger and plug it, nothing on the screen, i let it pluged think the battery was very low, after one hour, nothing. I wasn't able to believe that. What im gonna say to her. I return it till to now they never give me the money back. Buy on amazon is a risk, sometime you find good products and sometime you waste and lose money. You can buy the same tablet and it comes very good but mine was good. Just consider the 1 star is for me.
R3LGTHYQCX8H29	1.0	so i ll like to no when i ll b able to collect ...	1	1	I didnt get what i order.so i ll like to no when i ll b able to collect d correct product i order.thank u
R1IGAAWBUXTXCY	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	good tablet kids love it..wish it had more built in storage space..shipped fast got it b4 the date listed
R3IW59BJUIUEVE	3.0	works great for the iphone type games though	1	1	I'm surprised that it was not compatible with Amazon Prime, works great for the iphone type games though.
RK82759FD5EN5	3.0	Worth the price	0	0	I bought this for my sister who is new to this sort of technology. I didn't know how much she would use it and since she had never used a computer or anything before, I decided to go inexpensive without bells and whistles. I first bought another brand but returned it within a couple days of her using it. I searched Amazon for the price I wanted and read the reviews. The NeuTab N7 Pro 7" Quad has not disappointed over all. It charges easily and fairly quickly. It is simple and easy for her to use. The only repeated complaint I hear from her is that it freezes up periodically. It seems to have been happening more frequently in the last week. She has had it for almost a month. I wanted to wait before giving a review so it would be more complete. After having this for a little longer, the battery does not keep a very good charge. I have changed my rating based on that.
R1VFQDBAPPVLW4	1.0	One Star	1	1	Tablet would glitch whenever I'd try to load pictures on Google image. Also tablet would freeze too much
R3539HTOJDMTVP	1.0	sorry kiddos	1	1	Not worth it. The display is back away from where u a cruelly touch the screen and the screens short out
R3CYQBJYDJAPF6	2.0	... tablet and I thought it was going to be great and all but I was disappointed	0	0	I bought this tablet and I thought it was going to be great and all but I was disappointed. I'd rate it a 2/3 out of 5. Every time I use the apps on it, it closes out what I'm doing and I have to keep going back to what I was doing. The battery runs short within 30 mins, meaning it's drained out about 30 mins. I can't even download/play certain apps on it because my device isn't compatible with the apps. Certain things on here take a while to respond So basically this tablet is a piece of s*** and most of it's time, it's going to be charging cause of how slow the battery is. Don't buy NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android 4.4 KitKat Tablet PC, HD 1024X600 Display, Bluetooth, Dual Camera, Google Play Pre-loaded, 3D-Game Supported (Pink).
R2WK50FBDI7JK3	3.0	Difficult for me to use	0	0	I like the fact I can go on-line on this device without running up data charges on the smartphone. But I am having difficulty getting access to wi-fi at work. I don't need this device at home because I can use my home computers for any on line use. I don't have that option at work and that is why I bought this device. So the device is useless to me when I can't get easy access to wi-fi. I even programed in the access code and still it doesn't work. It isn't easy to figure out how to do these details. I would like help learning how to master this device. It isn't as easy to use as my smart phone and it isn't built as well as the smart phone. It is a much lighter and cheaper material. It isn't as fun to use because I am having difficulty with it.
R2LG3C5ONALBZZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Nice quality and can't beat the prices. Provides exactly what I need in a tablet which is pretty basic.
R3AB7OF82I35N8	1.0	This product sucks!	1	1	This tablet never worked well from the start. It was very slow and after two days it froze permanently.
R1NM9VJGCJZY9P	1.0	Tablet didn't work and it was supposed to be black ...	1	1	Tablet didn't work and it was supposed to be black not pink. Have to ship it back to the manufacturer.
R3V0AUG0VPYIPU	1.0	One Star	1	1	WiFi receiver was essentially useless and would only keep a connection for very short periods of time.
R2L3L1PK2KCC7O	4.0	Good Value	0	0	This is actually my second time ordering a NeuTab. Both times I have been very satisfied with the value I got for the price. I had originally ordered the new Amazon Fire but I returned it almost immediately because I hadn't realized I was signing up for an exclusive Amazon shopping device. I needed a straight forward tablet to store all of my own, variously acquired collections of media content (read: media content not exclusively bought from Amazon), and this tablet does the job well. Having compared, however, the actual quality of the device itself, it is true that other tablets will be a bit sturdier and run faster. But for a straight forward, user friendly tablet, this device is just right, and it was worth buying a second time.
R18IHAXQIRC665	4.0	read this	1	1	It a good first tablet. Not bad for the price. Fast and furious. I like it. And no its not a rip off.
R1RKRLJX5HCFAY	5.0	... this tablet for my granddaughter and she is very happy with it	1	1	i bought this tablet for my granddaughter and she is very happy with it. Well worth the money so far!
R2K2MQI32YDGMZ	5.0	Love the size and the weight	1	1	Love the size and the weight.. Im a mac user but for traveling and everyday stuff this is great....
R3NLKUO6EXSHPS	5.0	Very nice tablet for the price	1	1	Very nice tablet for the price. My only complaint -- the display is hard to see in in bright light.
RE11B4UT8Y7S8	4.0	I had gotten it for my 14 year old and ...	1	1	I had gotten it for my 14 year old and it fell from a short distance and wouldn't work any more :(
R2C9N05FCTC0RX	3.0	Used	0	0	This is not as much a review of the tablet as it is of Amazon. I'm new to the whole tablet thing. I thought this one would be a good place to start and learn, before moving on to something bigger and better. So far, it is as the description stated. Works well. The unit I received was used. It had gmail and Facebook accounts set up in it already (from May 2015). The boxes were torn and written on. The only reason I didn't return it was, 1) everything seemed to be fine with it, all the cables and parts were there. 2) Mostly I don't want to go through the hassle. 3) It was just $50. Had it been a more expensive one I would have returned it. Amazon should do a little better in this area in the future.
R2PJOVYCUNDGXQ	2.0	Poor design, give me money back!	0	0	What was purported to be a quad core tablet turned out to be a problem. Slow, nonrespondant, launching of apps. No way to move the app to the external micro SD, then find out th the device was rooted by previous owner, and was not factory reset. Along with it, before wipe, I found a piece of malware on it also posing as a flashlight app NONE of my paid, important apps can be used on, since it was supposed to 1GB of RAM, and it only has 512mb, which is not enough for some games. Such horrible WIFI connectivity, it times out and shuts down frequently. You can't use apps like Yelp, NWS Weather, Bacchus they are all incompatible. It's just put design and needs to go back to the drawing board.
RIISEO81AWBYD	5.0	The perfect travel companion...	0	0	I do a lot of traveling and I purchased this item as a small and easy to carry entertainment unit for those flights and layovers while in transit. I truly enjoy the lightweight design and love the blue tooth capability where I can use my wireless headphones while watching movies or listening to music. The battery life seems to be OK for the size and overall price of the unit; but I have found it quick to recharge when needed. The main suggestion is that there should be an easier way to move apps/files from the main memory to the SD card upgrade. All in all... I really enjoy the NeuTab N7 Pro and it is bringing me much needed relaxation and entertainment while on the road and at home.
R2ADUK1D0DHTIM	4.0	Plus the battery isn't great at all	0	0	I don't know if its my internet connection or google or the actual tablet, but sometimes the music don't play through the google play app. Plus the battery isn't great at all. The rest works fine except I will say that the A/C Charger is the worst I've ever seen it worked in our wall outlet for a couple of days then quit working, so I just plug the cable into my computer to charge it. Although with universal A/C Chargers will charge through the wall outlet. That part really makes no sense, but when I saw the charger it came with I was this isn't going to work long at all. We live out in the country, so connection weird, but what's more weird is I can't get on the free wifi at the hospital I go to.
R70CT9E4PQDX2	3.0	No Roms out there.	1	1	You will not be able to move any apps to the SD card. Good luck locating a ROM for this product.
R3DVJPFDDDSLO6	4.0	Great value for the price. Will lag behind mid-high budget tablets but probably as competitive as anything you will find for 50	0	0	Great value for the price. Will lag behind mid-high budget tablets but probably as competitive as anything you will find for 50 bucks. I have owned a Motorolla Xoom tablet for 3 years now. It is getting long in the tooth and has some issues so I decided to pick up one of these as a bridge until next year when I will probably go all out and get another high end tablet. So far I like it. The screen isn't the best when compared to my Xoom but its still very good compared to other low end devices. A lot of the hardware in this tablet actually surpasses my Xoom which is nice, it rums more fluidly and is more portable. For the price its hard to pass up. Great for first time tablet buyers as well.
R27E1N56TB4MHZ	4.0	Seems like a nice tablet	0	0	Seems like a nice tablet. Purchased it to replace a five year old nexus seven. The display is going to take some getting used to - can't seem to find the right angle to view it so that it doesn't look weird. Also haven't figured how to focus the camera correctly, something which I would have expected to be an auto-focus thing. It comes with a screen protector, which is nice. Make sure you remove the protective film from the screen before installing a screen protector, as the touch screen doesn't respond to touch with the screen protector on the factory installed protective film. Charges up quickly, which is good because it also discharges quickly. Not a bad little unit for the money.
RYVAEX857F9OL	3.0	Wall charger doesn't charge, low battery, poor screen design	0	0	It is ok for $50. Better than doing everything from a phone screen. A few things that I'm not so pleased about - 1) the screen design has uneven lighting so it is hard on your eyes. 2)The battery doesn't last very long. On continued use even with the brightness all the way down you're looking at a few hours for just basic surfing. 3) The AC adapter doesn't make contact properly with the prong inside the tablet, so at first I had to pull the plug out of the receptacle about half way for it to charge, now it doesn't work at all. The only way I can charge it is to use the USB adapter and that requires that I keep a computer on. For these 3 reasons I can't give this tablet more than 3 stars.
R3GCB9QK5WSKC1	3.0	great price, ok tablet	0	0	cant beat the price $50 love that the camera sucks worse then horrible, they shouldnt even bother putting one on it, its that bad battery is ok and actually charges back up quite fast (so that's great) screen doesnt appear to get that bright either,even on its highest setting came with a screen protector which wasnt mentioned in the add,,which would have been nice if they said that, because add said people who bought this also bought...and then showed the screen protectors which I wanted and bought and paid extra for cause everyone else was doing it and then low and behold came with one anyways so I made an extra purchase that I didnt need too!!
R2I7Y72N29JTP9	5.0	Just What I Need It To Do!	0	0	I wanted a tablet primarily to have a screen bigger than my smart phone stream music and videos from my NAS after I go to bed. I had read the reviews and decided to take a chance on the NeuTab N7 Pro 7". My expectations were not very high, but I must say that I was expecting a lot less than what I got. When I opened the box the unit battery was at 85%, so rather than charging I went ahead and connected to my wireless router (less than 5 minutes). Downloaded my NAS app, and bamb - streaming in less than 10 minutes from opening the box. Smooth audio and video. Sets up as easy as a smart phone, so I've yet to look at the user's guide. For $50 it does just what I need it to do!
R8YE7QAEC3RY2	5.0	It's All Good Now	0	0	It was necessary to return this product to NeuTab. It would not charge and I could not use it. I sent it back and NeuTab provided a label so I could ship free. I received a repaired tablet instead of a replacement. So far, it seems to be working just fine. I purchased this for my granddaughter for a birthday present. It was a bit disappointing to have to return it and wait for a replacement. I am finding it difficult to use because the typeface is so small that even with reading glasses it is hard to read. When reading a book and expanding the type, the full page is not visible. It is not for me, â€‹but my granddaughter likes it. So far it seems to be charging and holding a charge.
R3SMBGF50V06EA	4.0	Nice tablet for the money, blue tooth feature is an awesome bonus!!	0	0	I'm giving this product a 4 star rating.... it arrived super quick, packaged well, everything was there, they even included a screen protector which was a welcomed bonus!!! Color was nice, was easy to set up, was up and running in miinutes!! Screen could of been larger, there is a border around it so it is smaller than I anticipated, clear though, played games with no problem! Blue tooth is an awesome bonus as my other tablets did not have it!! The back cover seems like it will break the first time it drops, hoping this isnt so!! All in all, this one was purchased for an 11 year old and I feel it is a perfect tablet to start out with for the amount of money I paid!! Thankx!!
R2KUZVNU4S9P4Z	4.0	He is very happy with the tablet	0	0	Product purchased for son 5 year old birthday. He is very happy with the tablet. It plays all games he wants from google play store. It is easy to access internet and battery life is good. It is sensitive to touch and does not require a lot of tablet knowledge to navigate. It does not have the sharpness of color or quality of video/sound of my Samsung tablet and it is challenging to do certain things (like change time zone). My son also turns it off very easily because the on/off button and sleep button are the same. However, if you are looking for a tablet that is affordable, good for children, and has similar features to a Samsung product this is a good tablet.
R3O4P1F4CPFVAB	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent. Great price. Great tablet. My daughter is very happy with it. Recomended 100%.
R3FDGJ0UF1F1AK	5.0	came in great time!	1	1	Affordable tablet. My daughter received this for her birthday and she absolutely loves it!
R2LX3EWFXXWWQN	1.0	the HD is Hoplessly Depressing, the Speed is Snail-like, the Quality is Off the Charts - as in below the bottom of the paper.	0	0	I am pretty sure that my 1988 128K apple macintosh (back in the day that is what they were called) was way faster than this thing! Screen res is horrible. Took me 20 minutes to try and order something else from Amazon, finally gave up and used my phone instead. Pitiful! If the Chinese are going to sell us garbage then I say send the junk products back and let Amazon figure out that it's not worth their time buying the worthless stuff in the first place.NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android 4.4 KitKat Tablet PC, 1024X600 Display, Bluetooth, HD Dual Camera, Google Play Pre-loaded, 3D-Game Supported (2015 Updated with Bluetooth)
RROCK0EU93DNS	2.0	it looked good. The screen is really strange	0	0	After months of research, we opted for this tablet for our tween daughter. Out of the box, it looked good. The screen is really strange. My daughter thinks it's a cool 3D effect, I think it's absolutely miserable. She was given the device the last week of September and now, the first week of November, the device continually quits during games... Continually. I finally contacted amazon regarding this issue to see about trading, and due to the sellers policy, I'm out of luck. I'm super sad, too, my daughter just asked for a new tablet for Christmas. Please make this right. And I would definitely not recommend this tablet- especially over the now $50 Kindle.
R3OHHVB57FB97F	5.0	Excellent Bang For Your Buck	0	0	I bought this tablet for mainly for my husband to stream videos and play games, and for me to use lightly for a couple couponing apps that I like. This seems perfect so far for this. Bigger screen than I expected for the price, and pleasantly surprised by the bluetooth capability. I'm pretty tablet challenged as I'm used to being glued to a laptop (not to mention I willfully reject change, lol), but even I found this easy to get the hang of thanks to its simplicity. My husband particularly appreciated that it came charged right out of the box and that he didn't have to wait to start using it. Loving it so far! Can't beat that price!
R1DCXE60L564WD	1.0	Terrible Tab	1	1	Don't buy it, slow and ridiculous, I can't even update the Android. Don't waste your money
R1SF87LYG16EO3	4.0	Great for the price	0	0	Have had the tablet a week now. Great price. Everything you would expect for an inexpensive unit. Not very "sturdy", the plastic case is thin and it creaks. Also the lens cover on the rear camera fell off the second day I had the tablet. It's attached with sticky adhesive similar to scotch-tape; I just stuck it back on the camera. The overall performance is occasionally a little glitchy and slow, by generally fine. The photos/movies it produces are a bit grainy. But the unit is exactly what I expected for a low price point item. I'm not a gamer, and I'll use the tablet mostly for travel so if it holds up it'll be great for my limited use.
R3LF0D2682RHP7	3.0	Not Impressed, Not Disappointed. Is OK	0	0	I wanted a cheap little tablet for reading, and watching an occasional movie on a trip and not needing to have to pull out my laptop or kill my phone. This tablet is running Kitkat, I see no option to update the software but that is ok with me. The screen is not a Samsung quality but it works. It hold a decent charge and came with two cables and a wall plug to charge it. The build quality is ok but I wouldn't want to drop it! The backlight is terrible and causes a sort of glare on the screen. The lighting reminds me of the old non-capacitive touch electronic organizers. Not a bad tablet for $50.00.. UPDATE: My tablet has now stopped turning on, Screen flashes and becomes hot. Spend 100$ more and get a name brand.
R33CITYDRLU0AQ	5.0	Great Android Tablet at a very reasonable price	0	0	Four 1.2 GHZ CPU Cores, which makes it pretty fast and better suited to mulitasking than many Android tablets, nice clear screen. Expansion slot for a 32 GB Flash MicroSD card and 512 MB of RAM make this a great gaming / internet surfing (Wi-Fi and Bluetooth capable) device. I bought one for my 8-year old grandson-- he loves it. His grandpa-geek (OK, I have an M.S. in Computer Science) searched a while to replace his XO tablet (which died), and I am very happy with it. The N7 performs as I expected it would-- fast, crisp switching between apps. Very sharp crisp display. I think I will buy another for my granddaughter. The price is a great value!
R3NAXYXZM2FPHN	5.0	Everything you're looking for in a tablet with a budget price	0	0	We bought the NeuTab N7 Pro 7'' Quad-Core Tablet for the basic stuff as well as for a very small child, videos and games. On the first charge, I got through just one day of use before needing to charge up again. Perhaps there are battery saving things I can do to make this better. The bottom line is that at this budget price, I didn't expect a lot but I got soooo much. Like the option of using a micro SDHC card but we haven't gone there yet. Nice to know we can though. Everything works just fine and we have no complaints at all. We received all the basic accessories, manual, charging cable, screen protector USB cable, and USB wall adapter.
R1G1641V4QDM0U	5.0	5 Stars for the price of the tablet.	0	0	Great packaging, simple yet effective. The tablet comes with a decent instruction booklet, which was surprising as most things don't come with them at all anymore. It comes with a screen protector but the second removable film is hard to remove, and if not done correctly, can distort the actual protector. Astonishingly the tablet arrived with 89% battery life so I didn't have to charge it before checking it out. The touch screen is not the most responsive, but pretty fast for the price. The viewing angles are not the best and the shiny screen makes it difficult to look at during the day. The camera is the worst feature. It is very slow and bad quality.
RLRWVVNJC9TDH	5.0	Very good tablet	1	1	So far i love it, really great product especially for the price, i am very happy with it.
R13BIS18SYGGFN	5.0	Performance beyond expectations for the price	1	1	These tablets are fast and high quality built. Decent features list for this price range.
R1SOFNY9J51283	3.0	My first tablet.	1	1	The tablet is good for the money. A little hard to type in at times but a decent bargain.
R9YU5V631PD3C	4.0	The storage is good for the price	0	0	I bought this as a gift for my dad, who has never used a tablet before. The price is definitely right. The storage is good for the price, and is easily upgraded with an SD card. The tablet came with a charger and a screen protector. Before we could get that on, the screen got scratched. That was ridiculous. So put your screen guard on first thing, because it scratched really easily from some sand on the table. The camera is weak, but for $50, I wasn't expecting the best in the world. I was sad that there wasn't a flash on it. So far, he's enjoying the tablet and I'm enjoying him learning about newer technologies. Thanks!
R1EUXOOMI8C6IE	3.0	a good basic tablet with a great entry level price	0	0	Overall, a good basic tablet with a great entry level price. My son paid for this with his birthday money and was using it for app development learned at camp. However, the Wifi connection was not reliable. It would disconnect from Wifi, and would not automatically reconnect. He would have to manually select the Wifi to get it to reconnect. Once reconnected it would work fine while he was using the tablet, but if it would go into hibernation, it would disconnect again. Then he would have to manually select the Wifi network to get it to connect again. He elected to return this tablet and try another one.
R2HYQ8TKQYT74I	3.0	Nice. But internet TOO SLOOOWWW.	2	3	As far as tablets go, this tablet is very cheap. Constructed cheaply, looks cheap... But you get what you pay for. I ordered this tablet to do one thing and one thing only. Email. Yes it is great for email. And it plays games well. But it is SLOW...the internet runs at a very slow speed WiFi. It runs on the same OS as my phone and my phone is faster. I wanted to use the tablet to replace some of the things I was doing on my phone WITHOUT having to carry my laptop with me. If there is a way to speed up internet I'd give it 5â­ but right now only 3.
RC02RBR7PF45C	3.0	it's a tablet, but....	0	0	It's a run of the mill tablet. Bought it for my 87 year old as a starter tablet and an opportunity for her to learn to take care of her things. For the price, it's awesome. It does exactly what you want it to. A major plus is the dual charging ports. It has standard USB charging AND a port for AC charging, which is cool since just about every device I've ever owned the USB port ended up warping and not working eventually. The only thing I can really complain about is the screen. It's definitly not HD and the colors warp if not directly looking at the screen at a straight angle. But again, you get what you pay for
R166JL4AGF1RY8	3.0	ehh, so-so	0	0	NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android 4.4 KitKat Tablet PC, HD 1024X600 Display, Bluetooth, Dual Camera, Google Play Pre-loaded, 3D-Game Supported (White) It's ok for the money you pay. Purchased for my 10 yr old. It's a bit slow, has trouble connecting and staying connected to wifi. Can't download instagram because it says device is incompatible. She loves the color of it though. and she is stoked to finally have another tablet. Can't complain for the money spent on it. Plus, i'm suppose to get a free tablet case just for reviewing it, so certainly can't complain about that one.
R1UE4LCTUE15ZP	1.0	Unworkable	0	0	I was impressed by the positive reviews here and elsewhere, but that was definitely not my experience with this product. I ordered this for my son who is in the hospital for an extended period so he could watch movies from Amazon, Netflix, etc. instead of just what they have on the hospital TV. The first one we got had a problem with the battery. It wouldn't hold the charge long enough to watch a whole movie. Eventually, it died completely. We got a replacement, and that one never worked at all. I suggest if you order this tablet you save all the packaging so it may be easily returned if necessary.
R3ENDRMCN8SRFI	5.0	Happy with this Tablet	0	0	I have used it for one day and I love it. It was so easy to set up my WiFi, email accounts. I love the fact that it came with Google Chrome. The camera feature to video chat works very well. I have used this to talked with my Dad, and he said he could see me very well. The colors are bright and the battery life seems to last for a good 5 hours before you need to charge the Tablet. I haven't had enough time yet to use all the other apps yet to add to the review. It has the play store app which is great; I have downloaded a few apps already and it was very quick. So all in all, I am very happy with this Tablet for the price
R13UYBD1OMNKG8	1.0	One Star	1	1	thier should be a recall on this crappy tablet one day and it dint function correctly
RFLXYDRBNW1GE	3.0	Amazon has an awesome return policy	0	0	An all right tablet for the price I paid. I think they just need to be handled carefully. I ordered 2 for my children, ages 4 and 7. At the moment, they are using it to play games, predominantly Minecraft. I actually had to return the first 2 because one stopped charging after 2 days of use and the other just stopped working after 3 weeks. Amazon has an awesome return policy. I shipped them back and the replacements arrived quickly. So far, both tablets are working well. I had to reset one to the factory settings because the Google Play Store wasn't loading. After the reset, the tablet has been working fine.
R2KPIJ13NNM8NR	5.0	NeuTab N7 Pro 7" Quad Core with Google Play & Android Kit-Kat 4.4 a WINNER	0	0	The NeuTab N7 Pro is a tremendous value for under $50 dollars. It uses a quick quad-core processor and has Android Kit-Kat 4.4 which is a solid software platform used on millions of Android phones and other devices. The touch screen is easy to use and includes a screen protector which I installed to keep the screen from being damaged. I use the NueTab N7 Pro primarily as a dedicated music player for my Amazon Prime Music Stations. The built in Bluetooth works well with my recently purchased Zero-One Audio Duo Portable Wireless Speaker with High-Definition Sound that I bought from Amazon Prime for about $35.00.
R31YDEUN69MUTI	1.0	HORRIBLE TABLET AND BRIBED REVIEWS!	0	0	My daughter received this as a gift for her birthday and the second week of having it the speakers went out. I returned it, of course, and received another one in the mail a short time later. She's been playing on it for only a week and just yesterday it stopped working. It won't even turn on. I put the charger in and nothing. I think it's safe to say that this is not a quality item. You definitely get what you pay for. Oh and heads up to anyone considering purchasing this because of all the good reviews, they offer you a free case if you give them a 5 star review!!! BEWARE! Total waste of money and time.
R2E5TX0BUECX9J	4.0	Great little tablet!	0	0	I purchased this tablet for my mom to replace our old 1st generation Kindle Fire, and it has worked wonderfully for her! She can easily run apps and game on it, and it is very fast and has a very responsive touchscreen. It was easy for her to set it up and learn how to navigate the tablet because it is Android like her phone. The only small complaint is that the battery life drains fairly quickly, lasting maybe less than a couple of hours. She doesn't have many apps downloaded onto it, but the battery drainage may be caused by a constant-running weather app. Other than this, the tablet is great for her!
R1P6IWGUTFL07X	3.0	Good little tablet but battery life horrible	0	0	It's been roughly 9 months since I bought mine (white edition with winter snowflakes on the back) from Amazon. I've been generally pleased with the performance of the tablet with one important deal breaker. The battery life is terrible. I can get maybe 45 minutes of video play (Youtube) off a full charge before the tablet runs out of juice. It is an adequate entertainment device if you can use it plugged in. Light gaming is very possible and it's great for reading web pages or ebooks or watching a little Youtube or Netflix. The wireless adapter for internet works well with my ATT Uverse service.
RMPLQPIR1RMR0	4.0	Solid for the price	0	0	I'm rating this 4 stars because for the price, it is a decent product. This tablet does everything I want to use it for, it is a solid e reader, plays music decently, and has solid performance for internet browsing. The battery life is fairly decent and the wifi signal is strong. The speakers are only of a fair quality but again, for the price, you cannot complain. I don't play games on it but my daughter has played a couple of her games on it, and she says it is a positive experience with minimal lag. I recommend this product if you are looking for an inexpensive tablet to do basic tablet functions.
R2HU31LVSHDA5E	5.0	they look nice and even came with their own screen protectors	1	1	just got 3 of them, they look nice and even came with their own screen protectors. just got a fourth one.
R2N15AV4ERTKG1	5.0	Delivery.	1	1	The two tablets were delivered yesterday . Good job. My children like them. Thanks
R3M2XFVWEKX4BK	3.0	The camera is terrible, but you should have suspected that	0	0	This device is 7 inches, not the screen. I should have payed closer attention. The screen is impossible to view unless viewed from straight on. The screen SUUUUUUCKS. I have a hard time seeing it, even when straight on. So far it is FAST. It took all my usual apps and Go Launcher without a problem. The camera is terrible, but you should have suspected that. When I put the SD card in, it recognized it immediately and I was able to access it immediately. So far, I haven't been able to get it to screen mirror. All in all, I'm pretty impressed for $50, but the screen is my main complaint.
R2LLJHZ4SDOUNO	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	AS EXPECTED
R22TTEARM3U5X3	2.0	You are better off buying used Ipad or Galaxy note tab for $100-150	0	0	I understand that this is the cheap, low end tablet and reviewing speed and display quality would not make any sense. However the speaker on this device is terrible, not strong enough and not clear. For my courtesy I have tried phone headphones and the sound was as it was supposed to be. Watching video or listening to music on this device is so unpleasant irregardless is it HD quality or not. My desire was to give my mom a simple device to listen to music and watch videos. Now, I feel that I have wasted my money and if I haven't threw away the box I would definitely return this device back.
R1V5CU8NUKB8H9	5.0	Best tablet I ever had	1	1	Nice design, powerfull hardware. Easy to operate. I love it. Highly recommended.
R1YCNFJEZP26E	5.0	This is awesome	1	1	I love this tablet it is great for taking my some picture and using the internet
R31C7VA6EIESHA	2.0	Don't waste your $	0	0	I purchased this for my mother, who has MS and has a difficult time with fine motor skills. She was becoming frustrated with trying to text on her outdated cell phone, and I thought a tablet would suit her far better. I was excited to get this and surprise her with it, but upon attempting to set it up I found that the OS was sluggish, seemingly outdated (for what I'm accustomed to, I personally use apple products), and the product was not at all user friendly. I returned this item and ultimately chose the Kindle Fire HD, which met her needs much better and she is enjoying very much.
R2XEH2T0199Z63	5.0	Wow,What a Great Tablet !!	0	0	I had never heard of this tablet before but decided to take a chance and purchase it for my grandson. It has turned out to be to be great!! The tablet was packaged very nicely and shipped very fast. I am not very electronically knowledgeable but the instructions were easy for me to understand and in no time this tablet was customized to my liking. The color on the screen and clarity is great also. I have not had a chance to take any pictures yet but I am sure they will be great. I would recommend this to anyone interested in purchasing a good looking and excellent working tablet.
RZCXHE0IXZKOW	3.0	Ok quality	0	0	It's serving my purposes as a cheap tablet to use for research. Pros: bluetooth. This is the cheapest bluetooth tablet I could find. Clear screen Easy connection to computer via micro USB. Cons: It feels cheap. The body is plastic, and the tablet just feels low quality in the hand. There are dead spots on the screen where responsiveness is basically zero. Touch in general just isn't as responsive as I'd like. Sound quality is meh. Processing speed is ok. Screen quality is decent. I wouldn't use this to watch videos or play games on, really.
R21O97F1J1LLJ	4.0	Nice	1	1	It's nice it has a reasonable price. My daughters thought it was an I pad lol.
R1QMP4OTJYB7BH	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	this is one of the best tablets in the world i love my neu tab thanks amazon!
R2JOXHYZE3O803	4.0	great. !	0	0	I bought this tables for my mother so she could use something when she's bored around the house, she's been using it for about 3 months now en she loves it, works great ! Even its get slow sometimes but it's nothing. Easy to use, cheap, very light weight and very simple interface anyone can use it. I really recommend this product for anyone who doesn't really wanna pay so much on a tablet specially with the holidays around the corner. It came with a screen protector, usb cable with wallplug she lost hers but any typical usb phone charger fits Overall its awesome little tablet.
R11K53IFQWIGKY	2.0	Now on second tablet.	0	0	(Will Update this review once second tablet has been delivered) I am now on my second tablet. The first one arrived well packaged and all looked good until I started using it. The headphone jack would not work and the screen started splitting the red and greens when streaming Netflix, Hulu etc. Also a green bar appeared on the bottom of the screen while streaming videos. Amazon customer service is amazing and had already shipped a replacement before I could even get the first one repackaged! Kudos to Amazon and lets hope the replacement works as it should.
RAMYGMT89MTC7	1.0	what kind of products is this!!? need to talk to the sales of this	1	1	I got this not the long ago and the screen broke and now it doesn't wanna work
R13IF6U1PHCRCB	4.0	Good for the money, but don't expect too much.	0	0	For the money, it isn't a bad purchase. It is pretty slow, but it gets the job done. The screen throws off a lot of glare but I haven't tried netflix or hulu yet to see if it is usable as a streaming device. Not all playstore apps are compatible with the device (weather channel and yelp to name a few). The camera is kind of a joke. Overall, I am giving it 4 stars because, for the price, it does the job and you can't really expect much else, however, it doesn't get 5 stars because there are blatant shortcuts in screen and camera quality.
RUUFTI9HJD196	5.0	Nice pad	3	4	It works well with cool design and nice screen. Enough for me.
R1WBXLS4H16DLP	5.0	great tablet for the price	1	1	So the tablet has been working really good and the price makes it even better
RQ2S96BHWFUJ1	1.0	One Star	1	1	Did not Evan have a month and it went black and won't work very dissatisfied
R1YK469G09BJ1C	1.0	do not waste your money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	2	3	stopped working four days after i bought it when you turn it on all we can see is a black screen my grandsons are devastated i can not afford to buy a replacement for them. it had some little piece of what looks like white paper floating around in the tablet under the screen. complete waste of money and now i have to explain to my 5 year old granson who has an autism spectrum disorder that the gift he got for finishing pre school is broken and there is nothing i can do about it.
R1NAI8L9LL7XDZ	2.0	So I thought it would be A good little tablet	0	0	I read tons of reveiws & watched reveiws about this tablet on youtube. So I thought it would be A good little tablet. Turns out I was wrong. The battery drained so fast it was ridiculous. To top it off it kept telling me there was something wrong with my wireless connection, it just wouldn't stay connected (even though all my other devices were fully connected) . The screen kept messing up my eyes, if u don't have the screen titled a certain way, it looks horrible. Yes I know you get what you pay for. but I was mislead with all the reveiws. I returned it.
R1HPIT3I7J9HBD	1.0	Worst thing ever, get RCA or Samsung	0	0	Honestly would have rather bought the kindle fire, this was a horrible 40 dollars spent. Had it one day and the damn thing had problems connecting to the Internet, even when all my other devices had no problem, had problem with its Bluetooth also, and it would t even connect to my hotspot. It also took four hours to charge from 28 percent to 100. Programming was slow and some apps I love were not compatible. Ultimately, it sucks, and it's not worth the trouble. I expected something good since its original price was 120 dollars, but no, this was trash.
R39T2QO1GIAADA	4.0	Newbie trying another something new	0	0	SO far I'm happy with the Pro7 tablet...It's taking me a while to set it up, but that's only because I'm old school. I don't know that much about electronics so I'll probably have my savior neighbor help me with getting it all set.....The only thing I have a problem with is that the instructions weren't very clear on the protective screen and I had two pieces I needed to take off and by that time had ruined the protective screen I was supposed to on........Charging right now even though it said it had a full charge, the charge went down very fast....
R27GEJ99FTL9BG	1.0	poor quality	0	0	I really wanted to like these... But I guess you get what you pay for. We couldn't afford an iPad- and looked for something functional without all the fancy apps-functions. I wouldn't buy them again. We bought 3 of them for our kids for a road trip across the country. The third day one of my kids dropped it (with a case on it) and it landed on the screen-didn't crack, but the tablet was ruined. They also freeze up and are EXTREMELY slow- very frustrating for a 3 year old let me tell you. Poor quality. Pay a little more and get something better.
R2WQCPWJAQ88QX	5.0	NeuTab N7 Pro is worth it and a great gift for anyone!!!	0	0	I really like how quick the response is for this tablet. The web browsing works great on this tablet and seems to great for app games. The only thing is don't like is the glare, so you will definitely need to get an anti-glare protector. It would be nice if the company included that instead of the protector screen in the box. Maybe even more pre-loaded apps like Facebook, Amazon, etc. It works great with my bluetooth keyboard/mouse, no problems connecting. I would recommend this tablet to everyone is who looking for good price and product!!!
R5E5VHDYZQ6IM	5.0	This tablet was a good choice...	0	0	I bought this for my 7 yr old granddaughter I could not decide on one that I ordered from QVC or this one the one from QVC cost almost 200.00 But this one came first and she loved it so it was no need to even open the other so we returned the package...This is her first tablet that belongs to her! She loves it she plays games enjoys netflix. The price was great... If I could change one thing it would be to add speakers on the front as well, but the blue tooth works great we just connect to the wireless speaker for a louder sound for music.
RKITCDGLNUE19	1.0	both tablets that I recently purchased was not a good product, both tablets are no longer working	0	0	both tablets that I recently purchased was not a good product,both tablets are no longer working,one tablet the power on button stopped working .theneu tab tablet was not worth the money,sadly to say I have bought numerous items off amazon,and the tablets are the most inferior product I have bought,,i have returned a total of 2 tablets already,this tablet I was going to return,but just not worth the hassle,,,the last tablet,the screen just went white,no warning,just turned it on a the screen was white,so out of money and still no tablet
R9C078QS8UXOP	2.0	You get what you pay for	0	0	This tablet is pretty slow. For the few weeks I've owned this tablet, I've installed a handful of apps that were on my 3+ year old nexus phone. The tablet has stalled to an almost stop shortly after booting it up forcing me to restart again. Forget tabbing to a second app if you're playing a game (Clash of Clans) or chatting on hangouts. It is not possible. The screen is either hyper sensitive (touch registered without actually touching the screen) or extremely slow to react. No thanks. I appreciate the generous return policy though!
R1WA73WB1C5OD7	2.0	and I have to say it looks pretty nice. It's not something amazing but functions fairly ...	0	0	I un-boxed mine today, and I have to say it looks pretty nice. It's not something amazing but functions fairly well for asking price. The only issue I am having with it is there is no sound coming from the speakers on it. I plugged in some headphones and it worked fine but there is no sound coming from the physical tablet itself. I already spend a good amount of time messing with the sound settings to try and get it to work with multiple restarts to no avail. Would not recommend as it seems there are several others with this problem.
RNQ3CZL3AJH1L	1.0	Poor quality	0	0	I bought this tablet for my daughter to play simple games, but the WiFi took hours to find our router. It only connected to our WiFi for a about 2 weeks and stopped recognizing the signal. The screen hurts my eyes and is not as clear as our Kindle. I should have just saved a little more and got a Kindle Fire. If you work as hard as I do for my money, wait and get a better brand. I only found a contact for the brand website and no troubleshooting page. I am still waiting for a response from the company as how to fix this issue.
R1QTJNGFNDWK27	1.0	SUCKS	1	1	This stopped working and my end date for returns was Oct 25...this sucks
R7MST31I7YBGS	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very Awesome tablet and works really well. Well used for personal needs.
R30E5QJRVQKPIU	1.0	I hoped for the best (No Instagram )	0	0	This tablet was for my wife solely to have another Instagram acct. but sadly since this is only Android Kitkat 4.4 with no upgrades, The new version of Instagram was not compatible. So after I found a work around we did the latest version of intasgram, but even with that my wife just could not get pass the super slow, jerky, and sometimes non responsive screen. This product had 1 plus the packaging was good. Other than that tho would not waste my money even tho the price looks great, especially if your use to Samsung and iPhones
R2WHZXY7DVJL29	3.0	needs a better battery	0	0	The battery life leaves much to be desired. I only use the device as an e-reader. After reading for 20 minutes, my battery life is at 85%. I would understand if I was running game apps that suck the life out of device batteries, but I am just reading with the brightness turned all the way down and using the "black" lighting option. I do love how responsive the device is and the headphone jack option/wall charger is divine. I have destroyed numerous devices damaging those regular USB connection cable inserts.
R2WRDHU86EH60L	5.0	Neu Tab gives you a lot for your money!	0	0	I've only been using the tablet for a few days but I'm enjoying it. After being used to e-mailing and Facebooking from my 4" Android, the 7" takes some getting used to; it feels a little awkward in my hands. On the other hand, I enjoy the bigger screen for all the other obvious reasons.It's easy to figure most things out, it's quite user-friendly. However, the battery seems to drain fast. But before I blame the tablet, I will check if I downloaded some heavy apps and the brightness, etc. You get a lot for your money.
R14F3YWTZ05A2X	4.0	Small,economical and works!	1	1	or#104-2710083-5393028 So far seem user friendly,and dose what i need.
R184FCBP6GTWEL	5.0	no problems here	1	1	Good tablet. Screen is excellent audio fine for the price and it works!
R77G2UVEIYZY8	5.0	very happy with the NeuTab N7 Pro Quad-Core Tablet	0	0	Overall, very happy with the NeuTab N7 Pro Quad-Core Tablet. Awesome tablet. Upgrades android software immediately. Can't beat the high quality for the price. Works great for my needs and performs great for its price range. Storage space is fine, has 8GB for my apps and so on (about 5-6GB user accessible), and I can add a Micro-SD card for more space. Tablet has basic accessories, USB cable, charging cable, screen protector, manual, and a USB wall adapter. None of my Kindle device came with half that.
R3B0NQYGE0Y7I4	5.0	My usage of a tablet is going to be pretty minimal, I just want something to watch videos ...	0	0	For the price, you're not going to beat it. My usage of a tablet is going to be pretty minimal, I just want something to watch videos on during my lunch breaks at work, everything else is just a bonus. The resolution isn't the best, and sometimes the button response isn't what I would like it to be. I feel like I'm clearly clicking on a certain key and the one next to it is selected. A longer battery life would be nice, but all of this is completely overruled by the price tag. For the price, this is extremely impressive.
RDY2T6AU8BVHO	3.0	so so	0	0	I just received this tablet yesterday and already I noticed a couple of issues: When you are in the browser it constantly refreshes every 5mins or so and sometimes (not always) the touch screen doesnt respond so i find myself pushing an option down really hard. At times this works but in some areas it doesnt respond at all. I gave it 3 stars because the colors are bright and outstanding and the set up is pretty cool. But other than that, I have only had it for a day and it is already making me highly frustrated:(.
R1WQHEQJ8S79A8	4.0	Camera stinks, but tablet is alright.	0	0	The tablet is alright. it can play games that you would want except sometimes the games crash if the tablet gets hot. battery life drains pretty fast compared to my smartphone. Touch is also sometimes, rarely not responsive. I would buy it if all youre going to do is game, youtube, read books and browse internet. I was pretty let down on the camera. I guess thats to be expected. However...I didnt find it acceptable by any means. it was like looking at a 480 x 640 resolution for the rear camera. 2mp should look better.
R38SWW951NRRL6	1.0	I feel like I'm looking through 3D glasses	2	3	The view screen is trippy. I feel like I'm looking through 3D glasses. The touch sensor is really slow which I could deal with if the apps didn't crash. As a matter of fact, I was typing this review (I am now on my desktop), I got just to this point and the app just disappeared. I really only wanted it for reading but if I wanted to do something else I really don't think I could. Don't waist your money...pay $30 and get something better...
R2TK1NIDI1M7J4	3.0	It's no iPad	1	1	Slow and poor display. I guess I was expecting a bit too much for $50!
R339KK2F79ED05	5.0	EASY TO NAVIGATE	1	1	PURCHASED THIS FOR MY 4YR OLD & SHE JUST LOVES IT! EASY TO NAVIGATE IT
R13GYM95K797RK	2.0	Don't by used tablets even if it is a good price.	0	0	I ordered two of used NeuTab tablets because it read like a good deal for price. One of the NeuTab tablets would not charge even after using both the outlet charger and the USB charger. The tablet only came on while it was plugged in. I charged it all weekend but to no avail. The second one works but it only charges through the USB charger, the plug-in jack on the tablet for the outlet charger would not fit. However the USB charger did work. So I was able to charge it and use it. These were the used NeuTab tablets.
R1TBLHBCUI6OK3	3.0	Decent for the money	0	0	They were good while they lasted. One of the chargers broke right away. The prongs were left in the wall. If you drop it once it is done for. Be sure to have a case on it. After about 6 month one stopped working and had charging issues leading up to that for a month or two before hand. There were some items from the play store that just wouldn't download. We have a Samsung tablet that has been dropped and still works just fine (unlike these). The price of these were really appealing considering the name brand ones.
R2BA7M4KR3M1DP	4.0	So this tablet is pretty legit, for its prices	0	0	So this tablet is pretty legit, for its prices. I got it for a good 40 dollars, I have a not so good alcatel phone and this little tablet is cheaper and has way more features than my phone. This thing is so worth the prices if you are like me who does not have money to purchase a galaxy or an ipad or kindle fire. It has all the features you need, except the fact that I couldn't download instagram. But video quality is good and overall performance is nice. Plus the packaging was like so well done I was surprised. UPDATED: 08/28/15 DO NOT GO TO THERE WEBSITE AND USE THERE SUPPORT FIRMWARE UPDATE I DID SO AND THE WIFI JUST STOPPED WORKING.
R1XD5ZCQQHHP75	5.0	Waiting for it was worth it.	0	0	I was excited of receiving my amazon box mailed before the delivery date! ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜†This tablet is great and worth the price! It doesn't lagg like most cheap tablets do and it also doesn't freeze on you. I liked how cute and small it is. Very light weighted which is a mega plus!!! Also it comes with screen recording already installed! Awesome. I mean I would totally recommend this tablet to people due to being worth the price and runs just like any android phone. So far everything works perfectly fine. And I love it.
R2CU9W1TWJQR0Z	5.0	Even bought a second one!	0	0	Great value and price point. Small, light, boots quickly, moves from app to app quickly, comes with charger and dual plugs for the tablet: usual android and the "pinpoint" one. I like having the most recent android operating system. As usual, performance is helped by closing apps not being used. Recommend and would buy again: in fact, I did buy it again. I liked my first one so much, I gave it as a gift to a friend who needed a tablet "right now". She tells me it's performing just fine for her.
R1YI0BALP49QXF	5.0	It works well.	0	0	It works well. It does not take too much time to set it up but you have to update google service to use google hangout or other google service. After having updated it, all google apps worked. It also includes a screen protector. It is a bit bigger though. You can also receive a free protective case if you write a productive review, which I did not know before I open the box. So I had to order one when I purchased this tablet. If you like taking a photo, then this is not yours. Anyway I like this tablet.
R79JZTGJBZRYQ	4.0	and when I got it and set it up for them I am surprised to find out that its actually not all that bad, the case is a little che	0	0	I gotta admit I am rather snobby with the brands and specs I choose, but budget shopping for a friend I bought this, and when I got it and set it up for them I am surprised to find out that its actually not all that bad, the case is a little cheap feeling but outside of that the tablet is not all that bad. Anyone looking to buy on a budget spec for dollar.. this is a good buy. This would also make a good tablet for a kid, if you want to have one for minecraft, or videos offline in the car or something..
R195X6EJI6HHRV	2.0	So Sad	0	0	When it works it is good, but it only works 20 to 30% of the time. It crashes all the time. For no reason it disconnects from the wifi and I have to restart it. You will be doing something and it just shuts off. I keep having to uninstall apps and re-install over and over and over. I sent message to the seller and it has been 6 days and no reply yet. This was a birthday gift for my wife. She is NOT happy, so no one is happy! Her old Galaxy S4 mini with the broken glass works better and she uses it more.
R1HIAI3DL0VS3J	4.0	Can't beat the price...	0	0	The 1st one I bought wouldn't turn on after about a week. Amazon though sent a replacement and it arrived the next day and paid for shipping the old one back. This one seems to be holding up, for less than $50 it meets my expectations. I just wanted a cheap table I could read on or let my kids play on. Recommend if your just wanting something cheap and simple. I've bought expensive ones and my kids always end up cracking the screens, etc. So I decided cheap is the way to go with toddlers in the house!
R371X768R4URM1	1.0	Don't bother, get the Kindle Fire, instead. A much better deal.	0	0	This is my second NeuTab. The first one died in a week. This time, it didn't die, but it shuts down programs I am using. It is nothing like my Kindle Fire. The kindle is almost 4 years old, out of warranty...and still works. I bought this so I could play a game on one, while watching a movie on the other...or check email, etc. I am the Queen of Multi-tasking. Tech support takes a day to get back to you, and they are no help. The Amazon tech support, calls in seconds and will work with you.
R1BNMFMPQUAN61	3.0	Three Stars	3	4	The tablet has defect in the software, vece stays hanging
RM0U59Q3Q5FOW	5.0	greatly recomend it !	0	0	this tablet is simply great. at only 50$ it has so much features , my sister has the Samsung Galaxy tab 4 and I showed he this tablet and she regretted paying 300$ for it , I even ran speed tests with it and it's exactly the same as her tablet , the packaging was nice and elegant , they also offer you a free protective case! what else can you ask for , oh and don't forget the dual facing cameras , this tablet display is hd too! I recommend this tablet for everyone , it's only 50$ get yours today
R1J9RFEK0EE6V7	2.0	not the greatest	1	1	Don't waste your money. So slow. Touch screen has choke dead spots.
R14S73WKWFW7TZ	1.0	One Star	1	1	Very slow when works. Restarts every five minutes. Save your money.
RTXK1WAJO2URF	5.0	EXCELLENT SOLUTION	0	0	I searched for a small tablet that would fit in my purse and be very light. I am researching ideas, companies, words, concepts all the time and I needed a device that would not compete with my laptop nor with my smartphone. I wanted a tablet that would be in between just so that it was a bit bigger than my phone but smaller than my laptop, where I could do things separate from what I do on the other two. The price is amazing! The quality is exceptional. I am very happy with this tablet!
R2L9NEEYOOJFMN	1.0	Should be called NeuCrap	0	0	Terrible junk. Display is soo crappy that I thought I had a defective device. Plus there was a ding on the lower part of the screen so I thought that the display was messed up because of that. Returned it and had another one shipped out. Display is still the same crappy resolution as the original... it wasn't a defect. Additionally the touch controls are way off and imprecise. Wished I could give it no stars. Doesn't even deserve a star. I want NeuTab to refund that star to me.
R9HP84X0BYWB4	1.0	Cheep	1	1	Not a good deal have used better tablets for around the same cost.
R2Y0CWR5476SN1	3.0	Not satisfied	1	1	Slow to open a page and screen is not clear. I want to return it.
RF98AEVD9K5KP	5.0	Everything it says it is!	0	0	Owned for one day, so far so good. Ordered for my 8th grader who is required to have a device to run Google classroom. This seems like a good device for reading and browsing. Other reviewers have stated that the low-fi cameras are no good. When someone tells me a camera is 1/2 megapixel I don't expect it to be high quality. This tablet is everything the description says it is. The only bummer is that I bought a suggested case with keyboard and so far cannot get it to work.
R1EGJDVD70AJQW	4.0	For the price, this is worth the buy.	0	0	This is a solid little tablet for the price. I wanted to have a few tablets around my classroom that my students could use for Google Apps, so I bought this one. It's what you would expect: not visually stunning (the screens a little shifty with its lighting) or super fast (although the Quad Core does a surprisingly good job), but it does the job. If you want high end graphics, or serious multi-tasking, this isn't for you...but, for the price point, this is definitely worth the buy.
R33QROGRUYFA5	5.0	A great tablet of only $50!	0	0	I dropped my Dell venue 7 and cracked the screen. I gave up as the internals were screwed up. I have been lost since I broke it. So I decided to replace it , with a lower cost model. Well this NeuTab Pro7" really amazed me! It does everything the Dell did ! It is lightning fast, it has great color and graphics! The directions were well written and not is 23 languages with pictures for steps! A well built little tablet that will surely do everything a much more expensive one does!
R1V216AIBONCVV	1.0	Do Not Buy This Tablet	0	0	DO NOT BUY THIS TABLET!!! I bought 2 of these so that me wife and I could have one. First, you get what you pay for. Processing speed is not super fast, not all apps work with these tablets, and my wife's tablet would turned off one time and never turned back on. I would return it but have already discarded the boxes and instructions so I am stuck with one tablet that I am not satisfied with and another one that does not work at all. DO NOT BUY THIS TABLET!!!
R2GMAS05X0O11D	1.0	Total waste of money	2	3	This tablet worked for one day and never turned on after that. I monitor my children closely and this garbage never worked. My 10 year old son was so hopeful he could get it to work...I failed to return it. The second tablet worked well for about two months inspite of it being slower that molasses. Its stuck and we can't even get it to read a swipe command...I should have trusted the reviews.
R14SCHQCCTL00O	1.0	Not a bad tablet just the battery sucks.	0	0	The battery sucks on this product it dies in less then 30 mins of use. This is the worse battery I have ever seen. goes from 100% to 50% in less then 15 mins. I want my money back or a tablet with a good battery.
R27QY1VK70M2PF	1.0	Misleading, Very small. doesnt work properly	0	0	This product is very misleading. 7 inches is accurate but the screen is only 6 inches long and 3 and a half wide. this things actual working screen is barely bigger than my phone. which defeats the purpose of this object in my eyes .it has this flimsy plastic shell and then a thick black "frame" before it reaches the screen. so far it works somewhat well however its much too small to be called a tablet. Buy the new Amazon fire tablet the screen size is actually 7 inches Update: after further use ive found this thing barely works if at all 90% of the time. it takes up to restarts to just get an application open. half the time i cant even turn it on and its not holding a charge. what an absolute waste of money
R1NRJGPICP33NP	1.0	I'm completely disappointed of this tablet	0	0	I'm completely disappointed of this tablet, I thought that being more expensive would be better, but not, I feel completely cheated, because it is a Chinese Tablet equals many generic brands and is promoted as if it had better quality, the Tablet is slow, the screen freezes constantly, wifi is poor, screen resolution is very low how the front camera of only 0.3 megapixels, not even bring headphones or headset. I am completely disappointed, the worse purchase I made at amazon.
RVP8YVG7RIKE6	1.0	Defective	1	1	Worked well for 3 weeks then just stopped working!!! Do not buy.
R3DTMNU32ANJ72	1.0	One Star	1	1	Both have broken with cases on them. They ate slow and horrible
R1UW7QJ72W22ZN	4.0	Great little tablet at a very reasonable price (plus same day delivery!)	0	0	Early days yet but so far so good. Astonishingly simple setup. Intuitive display and navigation. Audio quality seems good and display fairly good. My only slight gripe with the tablet is that the screen brightness could be better. I like my devices to be super-bright and this one's just a little dim for my liking. That aside, this is a terrific little tablet for browsing, emails, apps and at 50 bucks (including Amazon's same day delivery in NYC) this is really hard to beat.
R3COT5OQ6JDBGB	5.0	... do its depends most of the time anyway I love my tablet so much its the best I ever ...	0	0	some people was saying it came broken well my didn't I guess because who ever ships it to the person address they the one who might throw the boxes in the truck im just saying its not amazon to blame for nothing they don't have no ideal whats broken an whats not if the seller or the ups or the usps puts it in the truck the way that they do its depends most of the time anyway I love my tablet so much its the best I ever had without an doubt this really deserve my 5 stars
R36CKOHFKMC3M4	5.0	Great item compared to price	4	6	Even though it cannot be compared to ipad, but with this reasonable price, it's light, well function, quick. And I mostly uses it for PDF, docs, and ppt in class, which is very suitable for a student. The operational system is Android and I have installed a lot of apps. Even when it's not so fancy as an ipad, it's worth the price.
R2VYHWGH7QDA1P	3.0	I think the manufacturer knows about the bad quality of the sensor	0	0	The performance of the tablet is OK, for the price. What is NOT OK is the Gsensor, responsible for display orientation. Every time the battery is low, or the tablet is turned off, I have to recalibrate the Gsensor, otherwise there is no way of changing the display orientation from portrait to landscape. I think the manufacturer knows about the bad quality of the sensor, that's why they put calibration feature in the Display section. On other tablets I've not seen this.
R3VT6TAOU3YECA	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It is an excellent article at a great price. highly recommended
R10G3TS5XSBZJP	1.0	Super Slow!!!	0	0	Super slow!! To the point, we have to touch the icons over and over before it will even respond. Therefore I'm not even really sure if computer is still thinking or the screen is just very unresponsive? Either way the quality is also poor. I bought two other tablets around the same cost as this one for my other two kids that are both much more superior in ever way to this NeuTab . Will be returning and strongly consider buying any other products from this company
RU48SGRCYAK0V	1.0	Power button issue, dissapointed daughter.	0	0	Very disappointed in this item. The pink tablet purchased for my daughter as a starter tablet had a power button issue and despite being fully charged can not be turned on as the part is no longer in place. Probably got a week out of this before the issue occurred. We purchased this item after having good luck with a black shell and a white shelled Neutab tablet. This one however is an obvious lemon. Guess we got what we paid for trying to go cheap on a tablet.
R21MOUP8WEV0UW	5.0	First Tablet	0	0	Best tablet for the price. It does not have a bunch of apps preinstalled which is nice so your can get what you want without a bunch of things you dont use and cannot get rid of. Cameras work, video chat; no problem. Opened approximately 5 apps at once while in voice chat and it did just fine with alittle lag. Have not even used bluetooth yet but looking forward to taking advantage of wireless keyboards etc. This is my first tablet and it is exactly what I wanted.
R3VAUCCB1SR2LC	2.0	It died	0	0	I bought this tablet for my foster kids. It worked great, downloaded games for them and everything was working great. The battery didn't seem to last very long and it seemed to drain while it was off but we worked around this. I have had it just over a month and now it wont turn on and it seems like I won't be able to return it. I am going to call Amazon and see I I have other options. It seems like any other electronic, some work great and some have glitches.
R375M6A64QS7BA	4.0	Good for the price	0	0	This is a good unit for the price. It is slow and the resolution is not great, but it suits my purpose: I put all my CD's in "the cloud" and have attached this tablet to my stereo (via the earphone jack). I leave it connected to the AC charger. The audio output of the NeuTab is at least equal to my stereo's capability (a book shelf system). In addition to my music collection, I can pipe anything available on the internet to my stereo with this unit.
R15PGPRIMNTM94	1.0	One Star	1	1	If your'e buying for a a kid, sure. Anything else, just don't.
R2DMFMZ2MK931R	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	I couldn't get it to work properly .... So I sent it back ....
R2W52Q3ABSN2WH	5.0	Well Worth It!	0	0	Broke my nephews tablet. He's 9 so he was eager to have a new tablet. The tablet he had was a kid version and was not well made. So I figured I would upgrade his tablet! I set it up for him and was impressed. It was easy to set up, had the quad core. Which is an upgrade for him. It was easy to use. My mom wanted one by the end of the setup. It was a lot of bang for my buck. He's has had it for about a week and loves it! Needless to say I'm the cool Aunt again!
R3EWAHKBMZOCO7	5.0	Surprised by the quality	0	0	I received a NeuTab N7 Pro 7" HealthSlate as a result of my registration for a professional conference. I assumed it would be another cheap and useless take-home product. Not so! I was extremely and pleasantly surprised by the quality of the NeuTab. In fact, it was the ONLY take-home gift I bothered to take out of my suitcase to show my college-age son. He, too, was impressed with it. I'll definitely be using it in both 1:1 and group teaching sessions.
R28B98961PPT0G	4.0	Fine Alternative to a Kindle	0	0	Bought it to replace a 1st gen Nexus 7 that bricked after updating to Lollipop because it was cheaper than the cost of repairing the Nexus. Just received the device. Considering the price seems pretty robust. Comes with a screen protector, something I did not know, so ended up buying screen protection and a protective case offer - so all in all a great package. Initial impression is its going to meet my need for a media player and Kindle reader. So am happy.
R16YTB4BG1L151	5.0	At the moment, I love it!	0	0	At the moment, I love it! It's black, the color I ordered. It was partially charged so I could play with it right off. My Kindle Fire HD that I bought January 20, 2014 won't charge even when plugged in. At least 1 reviewer had this problem with this product. I'll post an updated reviews. I've downloaded some apps, including Kindle. Plus I get a free protective case for writing. Though I might get something else.
R1R68GCZ67OE3W	2.0	Unfortunately this item was defective. The touch screen was ...	0	0	Unfortunately this item was defective. The touch screen was inconsistently responsive and the qwerty malfunctioned (letters frequently produced numerals when pressed---it took half an hour just to sign into my wifi. Never did get my google password accepted). There was no protective shield adhering to the screen and I wondered if this product had already been returned once(?). Quality control issue somewhere. I returned it and ordered a different product.
R3JHJI0CVLCEHC	4.0	Great tablet for the price	0	0	Great tablet for the price. It's only been a couple days, but have had no trouble. Downloaded a few games, watched netflix, hulu, checked messages etc.The image quality is nice. The sound could be better, but if you pair it with good pair of headphones it makes all the difference. I wanted a relatively inexpensive tablet to take with me when I go out, travel, in bed etc and not wanting to mess with my laptop. This is the perfect tablet to meet my needs.
R2H3YX86UJ6HYI	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I bought them for my grandkids. I haven't had any complaints.
R2WIXM9YKJJUDC	3.0	This is a good starter tablet for sme one who has never used ...	0	0	This is a good starter tablet for sme one who has never used or had one. I purchased it for my dad who is a senior citizen now but who is it learning new technology. He however does not know how to handle or take care of any item. This tablet was something for him to log into the Internet or play games without having the small screen of his phone or standing up to go to the office and use the tablet. It hardly has any memory and the camera is horrible.
R1AEG49DNJAFKZ	4.0	Just what I wanted	0	0	I desired a tablet for entertainment purposes. This one seems to fit the bill! It's so user friendly that a child can use it. Truly. I had my kids show me how to work it. :) I've used it for reading my kindle books, listening to music, checking facebook, playing a game, watching videos, and posting pics. The selling point for me was that it can take pictures and videos from both directions so that I can quickly and easily post a photo online.
R17BHER4JJQ61	5.0	I really love this little tablet	0	0	I really love this little tablet! I bought it for my 8-year-old son so he could play his games in the car. I didn't want to spend tons of money for something that may get destroyed by my kid, but I wanted something that could handle some of his more sophisticated games. The NeuTab N7 fit the bill. It's at a great price, but the tablet is surprisingly fast and can handle all the apps. It seems to have pretty good battery life too. I am quite happy.
R3R2Y2VB4E34EL	1.0	Don't waste your money	1	1	Absolute junk! Don't waste your money, completely worthless.
R2JMTGDG7K44HM	5.0	Great, functional, affordable table.	0	0	We purchased this for our 8 year old. A quality wireless tablet for under $75, sign us up. This is everything you would expect out of an android tablet. It is functional for any games, video-conferencing, and picture quality is decent. This isn't a top of the line tablet, so if you multitask, you may want to invest in something more robust. I'll follow-up in the coming months, as this is only a couple weeks into our tour.
R93TJ9U27M5PO	1.0	It was very slow and lagged its horrible to use u can tap on an icon 10 ...	0	0	This tablet lasted for less than a MONTH and while it did last it was irritating to use. It was very slow and lagged its horrible to use u can tap on an icon 10 times and the program will not pop up...dont buy it for a kid or toddler it will fustrate the hell out of your kid and then fustrate u!! On top of that the button to turn it on broke and now its completely trash. We wasted our money Its not worth it at all...go with galaxy or apple!!!!
R1UX5QSQ7QG6TH	3.0	Good for $50	0	0	Well, I got this tablet in the mail today, it came perfectly fine, its working good so far, so far it isn't a bad tablet for $50. I wish it was upgradable to lollipop though, the ram is low and battery life is iffy but you get what you pay for. I'd give this a solid 3 stars so far. It hasn't acted up on me and it works just fine. The plastic back feel weird to hold, heats up a little during games but thats pretty much it. Good tablet for $50.
R8FPQ5GP507TS	5.0	Good choice	0	0	I ordered this for my 7 yr old daughter. We were so excited to get it as it is her first tablet. Not only my daughter is enjoying it but I am very happy and satisfied with the product as it runs fine. It comes with the thin film that protects the screen during shipping, so for em i dont have to put the screen protector . I am just so pleased with it, you can nit get a tablet that works perfectly great for less than 50 bucks. Thanks
R6WCR390SC7UW	5.0	because the screen was funny looking. I told him they were to expensive ...	0	0	I bought my son a Tablet for Christmas. Don't know how but it's broken already. Something must have smashed it at one point, because the screen was funny looking. I told him they were to expensive just to replace, after all this is his second one. Then I saw this one. For the price I thought why not. It's small but so is he. It is just like the one he had for a less than a 1/3 of the price, just smaller. Great substitution. Worth the money.
R2SRUGMUVU5LGR	2.0	You Get what u pay for!	0	0	Well,you get what u pay for,it's do able for my 16 month old. Good size screen,display not bad, volumes good.i guess the only problem me and my 16 month has is that I have to login to my home WiFi every time to watch or do anything and half the time it says poor signal,so it buffs a lot,my 16 month gets fusrated and tosses it,at least d case I bought for it works. She's using my LG tablet now.a good tablet is good when I need quite time.
R11MO5G7PJ0GHN	4.0	Impressed so far!	0	0	Bought this for my daughter and a Kindle Fire HD7 for my older son. They've only been out of the box four about 10 minutes, but I'm already more impressed with this one than the Kindle. Was got her connected and she was downloading and playing her games within 10 minutes. Was worried about screen quality bad on previous reviews, but I think it's great. Haven't used camera yet. So far I'm impressed with the ease of use and quality.
R198LRIQN65AY8	5.0	Great product for the price	0	0	this is a great product for the price, it is not fancy but it really works well for my needs which involves using it for my religious research and study. I have been looking for a tablet that is affordable and user friendly and this tablet fits the bill perfectly. Thank you NeuTab for bringing this affordable tablet on the market as it will help many others like me with limited incomes to have this technology available for our needs.
R3TA3O6NCA5S7Z	5.0	2015 my question in my nephew he dropped and the screen is broken I want to know if you sell the screen if so I would know to di	0	0	Hola como esta soy Rigoberto QuiÃ±ones Dominican Republic I am writing to ask a question and I would buy a tablet N7 Pro NeuTab the order number was 104-1410018-3115428 and was on the date of May 15, 2015 my question in my nephew he dropped and the screen is broken I want to know if you sell the screen if so I would know to display price and send it to purchase hope to hear your reply soon through my questions very good evening to you
R2LLD96W0T9W6F	4.0	What you see and read is what you get	0	0	I was very satisfied with this purchase. I appreciate that the item was delivered exactly how it was described. I bought it for my 10yr olds bday and she really likes it. Its a very bright color and girl friendly. It has enough space for games, books, music and You tube videos. I love how the programs were already loaded on the device, makes it parent friendly also :) Thank you! I would recommend this purchase!
R1I00JAI8HFMNZ	4.0	Just work on a better focus camera	1	1	Camera wasnt so clear. Just work on a better focus camera.
R3U52Q39C0411J	5.0	5 star	1	1	Excellent as advertised. Enjoying it and price was awesome
R3M6TM1ZXNOOVY	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Bought it for my daughter 21st birthday to slow for u tube
R2WIRNPUE4U27Y	4.0	Fabulous up to Date Tablet	0	0	My Daughter loves this tablet, it is nice because of the processor and extra memory available, it replaces her old one that was always out of space and couldn't update. The quality seems pretty good, the material was the only thing that seemed off to the touch. The screen seemed to have a weird feel, but it came with a protective screen that took care of that. So far it has worked great and we couldn't complain about the price.
RTWZGIOK59BBS	2.0	you disappointed	0	0	This I bought yesterday and returning today. I tested for the battery back up, it did not withstand for even 90 minutes continuously. This was not expected. I understand the price was competitive and at this price I cant expect more, but if cant watch media for 90 minutes at a stretch what is the use of this tablet. In specifications it mentioned 6 hrs battery backup, I expect atleast 3 hrs sorry NeuTab, you disappointed me
R1BF4R7L9KESL9	5.0	Amazed how the more expensive brands really rip you off for nothing. superb deal	0	0	I am amazed with this tablet. In a span of 6 month's I have cracked and totaled two android tablets. I paid $150 for the first tablet and then I had to dish out another $120 for a refurbished. A brand spanking new tablet for $50 sounds too good to be true, but every feature that was listed and spot on. I may not have heard of the brand, but it performs just as well as other quad core tablets, and you really can't beat the price.
R21KJL6SYF5WSE	5.0	Easy to Use	0	0	This tablet is very nice and very comfortable. I convinced to buy it for all applications. The easy that I could install my Emails and everything you need to get. It is very complete for my use medical journal in the reminder of appointments and my games. It is also a very durable Tablet since it offers one year warranty that not all tablets offer, that more I convinced because I am a senior and is I going to last a long time.
R3V1HVMWRDKHTE	5.0	Very Pleased!	0	0	We needed something unexpensive for a long trip for our 15 month old. When it arrived, it was nicely packaged and actually runs fairly well for what we paid. The tablet's material is very sturdy, as well all know, toddlers like to throw things. It's not your high quality 1000 dollar tab, but for a 12 hr plane trip, it's perfect! It has all the necessary accessories (usb port) to download your own things to it. Very happy!
R1RZ7NMENN27VD	1.0	One Star	1	1	Very poor quality! I couldn't even get the Instagram app.
RZWEULJRY342V	5.0	I recommend	0	0	I have just received my tablet and so far so good. It is faster than my laptop and bigger than my phone, so it fits me perfectly. I bought this so I can play movies for my baby during our car trips. .. I am still trying to find a place to download movies that can be watched offline. .. wish it was easier, but it's not the makers fault though! the price is great, good quality, well built.
R24PAGC39F6SS2	5.0	I purchased this tablet and I am very pleased with my choice	0	0	I purchased this tablet and I am very pleased with my choice. The case is sturdy, the display is sharp and it's quad-core chip processes information, quickly. Tested it's operation and ease of use with many apps, that, are available on the Google Play Store, all ran fine with no problems. WiFi operation was flawless. I added a 32GB Micro SD card, which, also functioned, perfectly. I would recommend this tablet to anyone!
R1LSAD3S6RZ2VI	5.0	Not a bad tablet for the kids (Neu Tab N7, 7")	0	0	I bought this Neu Tab N7 for my older son and I just finished setting it up for him. It's not all that for someone who's an advanced user or picky but, I think it's more than good enough for kids. The front and rear facing cameras aren't aren't as sharp so far from what I saw but, i'm guessing that maybe outside with the sunlight it'll have a sharper image. So far, I personally like it myself overall for now, LoL... :-)
RGNWTXF2QZY6C	3.0	OK FOR YOUR INVESTMENT	0	0	Screen is good and bright, instructions leave a lot to be desired and moving from app to app is easy, but other commands like saving PDF to a file are very difficult to understand. I would highly recommend a protective case because this thing is so thin, it feels like it would break if dropped on the floor. But it does work and I have had no problems with it. Overall certainly worth what little they want for this.
R2ZCFV3AQM2BPJ	5.0	Fills your everyday need	0	0	Extremely thrilled once I received my tablet. I would suggest this to anyone who is interested in an affordable device. However, since its so low in price the camera is not of great quality , nonetheless, I love it and it fits my needs. Im not gamer , all I need this device for is to read my bible , surf the internet and to do little task . Besides I dont take pictures much but get this while you can its a good find
R93LCA3DX9UHH	1.0	NeuTab, Android Kit Kat... Ew!	0	0	The color of the tablet body was good. Nice and bright.... the tablet screen display is awful. very cheap looking. Slow to connect and download over wifi. Apps and gadgets are slow too. Both cameras give a very close view of faces... as though it had been adjusted to a permanent zoom. The screen also started wearing out after not even a month. I will never buy a cheap tablet again. Especially not from this company!
R2GFOIT6XIOETQ	5.0	Great tablet! Great price!	0	0	As a web developer I purchased this product cautiously not expecting much. To my great surprise it operates better than could have ever hoped for. Applications seem to run smoothly and instantly. The product itself is heavier than expected, but in a good way. The back feels a little cheaper but that is to be expected. Overall you can not ask for a better performing tablet for the price. I would recommend to anyone!
R3E4ZM7PPDEQ43	5.0	but I find it to be a very good value for the money	0	0	I found that there are a few applications that were not available for this tablet, but I find it to be a very good value for the money. I use it everyday to stream music, games and movies, and it performs beyond my expectations. If you're looking for a tablet they can take great photos, this is not the one for you, but if you need a great tablet we're just playing games and running application, this is a great buy.
RSSYV8F2CBKZ1	5.0	The greatest tablet on the market, for people who don't want to pay a lot of money for a tablet.	0	0	Tablet arrived in box, securely wrapped to a piece of cardboard in saran wrap. It had a few scratches on the back, and included USB data cable and 5V power cables, with the outlet. Still exceeds my expectation for what is realistically the cheapest tablet Amazon has to offer. I just wanted something portable, that runs Android, has Bluetooth, has extendable storage, and has a screen larger than my phone. 5 Stars.
R3JHF7AOWFCSER	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	Thought it would b better... But u get what u pay for..
R2Z7GZ0GVXJB0N	1.0	Typing this review from my iPad mini...spend for quality!	1	1	Very cheesy, I sent it back. You get what you pay for!
R3RUW1HR8FFH7P	5.0	Great Tablet	0	0	This is an overall great tablet. At first when I got it, it was running kind of slow and it seemed like everything was just off and maybe it had been damaged in shipping, but after it warmed up it ran smooth as silk with no problems. It is exceedingly light, lighter than my phone; it is very quick with going back and forth between apps and such, and it is just a nice little tablet for the purposes I got it for.
R16ND9U27W7A44	4.0	Need to get access to some google play apps? Don't side load your Fire HDX, get this.	0	0	My Amazon Fire HDX runs circles around this in terms of speed, wifi and bluetooth range and connection speed. Wish Amazon would clear the way for more app developers already on Google Play, I Tunes. For $50.00 it is more than proportionally within acceptable performance expectations. Amazon Fire HDX side loaders, you may get away with side loading a few Google Apps, but you will meet with increasing difficulty.
R13FCU60W37Z1B	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	In less than 6 months, the battery life is only 2hrs!!
R21GAYZVCWG730	1.0	stop working touch screen won't work	1	1	Poor quality now can't return 4 days after return date
R43OI8OB7W3I2	4.0	Its nice	1	1	It's good for kid to play. It's sometime for adult. its good price.
R25ZTY1ARF2TG9	4.0	this tablet is fantastic for kids or as a spare	0	0	Received this NeuTab N7 Pro 7 the last couple of days and it's been impressive considering it's price point. The only thing I would say that could be improved are the cameras. Again, considering the price-point, this tablet is fantastic for kids or as a spare...the camera is just a suggestion to get it that 5th star! Now, if this thing had a home button as well, it would a home run without a doubt!
R2GZIHMVZVR0AZ	4.0	good tablet for the price	0	0	Good tablet, my 12 yr old son loves it, he picked it out and purchased it with his bday money. Stylus works on these tablets, I recommend getting a case, it just gives the tablet a little extra protection. Its been dropped a couple of times and has held up, no broken screens, so in my opionion worth the $50. Works with google play so that was a bonus, he wanted it so he could play clash of clans.
R15VV4UBMEGKI2	5.0	Love it and worked well while my kids used it	0	0	Love it and worked well while my kids used it, same as my 10.1" tablet, but my kids dropped it and now needs a new screen and digitizer. Awesome purchase just VERY delicate seeing as how my kids dropped it on carpet...the carpet was thin and not very soft, but still should not have broken like it did. However, when I have the time I can fix it myself for and excellent tablet my kids will enjoy!
R2479HUEGQPRP6	1.0	Returning Product	2	3	Great price, but slow processor. It's also hard to choose the icons I want. Especially the ones in the right upper hand corner on the home screen. Got a bit frustrated, so I'm returning. The screen is also not as clear as I expected. I'm not sure if I an unsatisfied because I also have a Samsung tablet that works beautifully.
R35KDY9VOM5O3E	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	I love my new tablet. Shipping was very quick, and it arrived the day it was supposed to and it was also free shipping. The tablet is very good for the price it has. A little small but for 50 dollars, you can guarantee that i will be purchasing more. I've had no problems or cons with my tablets so far. I also highly recommend you purchasing this tablet if you are looking for a great small tablet.
R3GI2K2KYW3HGQ	3.0	Get what u pay for (buy cheap recieve cheap product)	0	0	Get what u paid for!!! Bought two for my son for his birthday (6th) and also got one for my daughter just bcuz (8yr old) the chargers that came with them doesn't work for either tablet and we can't find ant charger that will charge the tablets and we also can't get a replacement chargers for the tablets so basically spent $100 for two tablets that won't charge so basis cf ally they are unusable..
RAVSAKS5R7DY6	4.0	it is working great! Seems pretty user friendly and is running the ...	0	0	Ordered this tablet for my 7 year old autistic son to use talking apps. The first one we received had no sound from the external speakers, so chatted with Amazon & they sent another out right away. So far, it is working great! Seems pretty user friendly and is running the apps that we need. The camera isn't the greatest, but for $50, I didn't expect it to be. It functions well for our needs.
R2YQVGLOJMJ1S0	5.0	My 3 year old niece loves this tablet.....	0	0	Purchased this for my 3 year old niece. There are many different apps on this but she wanted me to download Curious George, Elmo and many toddler apps. The apps downloaded quickly and she is in heaven. The only thing I can't figure out is using the WI-FI outside of the house. It says it's built in but I'm not the brightest person to understand how it works..haha. I'm sure I'll figure it out.
R33QYKOKGK60LU	4.0	Ok, especially considering the price. I bought it ...	0	0	Ok, especially considering the price. I bought it for possible use as a display built in to a commercial product, but the screen is so dim, I could barely tell that it is ON in daylight. But OK for viewing inside in a darkened room. Just wish the backlight could be made brighter. Almost no instructions. Still have to find out what the USB port capabilities are.... hopefully someone online knows.
R2LI07PPB7BN8Y	5.0	Great little tablet	0	0	Great little tablet.... also w/ blue tooth so an extra perk. Used mostly for games and skype. Also purchased a case - if you've ever had a tablet before you'd know to do this... I am happy that these 2 I just got have the ROUND plugs to recharge instead of mini micro plugs. I've had 3 prior tablets go bad because of the mini port charge plug pins....and these charging plugs are great news!
R2TSYBUO36CTGT	1.0	One Star	1	1	it froze up and made strange sound so I sent it back
R3BN0UYT2Z6I8C	5.0	a good value.	0	0	I purchased this tablet for my 5 year old son. It comes with a base install of Android (minus the bloatware most are accustomed to). While the screen quality may not be what is seen in a iPad or Galaxy Note, it is still decent once the brightness is turned up. While the sound quality is "tinny", there is more than enough power to handle a Skype video call. Overall, a good value.
R2WWNIW8DOP21J	5.0	Awesine	0	0	My daughter has had this for 2 weeks now. So far so good. Speed is good, screen size is perfect. Able to download games, apps, etc over WiFi. The only thing was we had to go throw a funny route to download the Amazonapps app. The app works just fine. Other than that no problems. My daughter loves it so much. Will be buying one for my son soon. Will try to update in a month or 2
R2ZI9RF94MNESY	3.0	Promising	0	0	I haven't used it yet, so I'm rating it in the middle. Upside--I am a teacher, and I am looking for inexpensive tools to give to students for Web-based learning. Downside--Wow, it feels like a weak case. (That's one reason I'm filling out a review--to get the free protective case!). I am a Mac user, and I'm accustomed to iPads, but for web-based learning this machine should be adequate.
R260252PISCJ5	5.0	Great tablet for the money!	0	0	The tablet was shipped super fast and it was far better than what we expected for what we paid. We got it as a birthday present for our son and didnt want anything super hard to use. Our 7 year old can navigate and use the tablet very well and has had nothing but fun with it. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a cheap tablet with wifi and up to date android software.
R2C8AND6E4NKUB	2.0	... a few android tablets and thought they were all pretty much the same I thought I would purchase one ...	0	0	After owning a few android tablets and thought they were all pretty much the same I thought I would purchase one saving some money. This one was not worth any amount of money. I could not get this one to do anything. I would suggest you spend a little more money on one that works. Then after returning it I couldn't get my full purchase price refunded. What a mistake this purchase was.
RUN5A49FRRSDZ	5.0	Not sure because I bought it for her or because she is happy with the product	0	0	I bought it for my mom because she wanted a tablet. She loves it. Not sure because I bought it for her or because she is happy with the product. I have used it and seems pretty easy to use. It's like a big phone. The price is great. I wouldn't buy it for me but it is a great starting tablet for older people that are not too computer savvy or maybe for your younger kids. Great product.
R19CAS0IJ2YLY6	4.0	and in a worst case, using Skype to call home and tell ...	0	0	You get what you pay for. I use mine solely to read books on trips, checking email, and in a worst case, using Skype to call home and tell everyone my phone died. I don't give it five stars as I see no signs they will upgrade to newer versions of Android. I give it three stars because it is slow. I knew that when I bought it, but for what I paid for it, eh, I can wait to switch apps.
R3TGV9CY0DT1L9	5.0	and they love them. No more fighting over Gammie's tablet--now they ...	0	0	I bought these for my grandkids, and they love them. No more fighting over Gammie's tablet--now they each have their own with their favorite games installed. Also, each one has personalized wallpaper for their favorite pasttime--motorcycles; Pokemon; animals. And the fact that they already had Play Store installed, made the set up so fast and easy. I would recommend this tablet.
R25VM949VBMIKN	2.0	Lower expectations	0	0	Like many I was lured with the reduced Prime deal of 50bbucks (marked down from 120 i believe). It's terrible. Feels flimsy, a lot of apps are non compatible or just run slowly, and the cheap backlit screen brought me back to my first flip phone. The only positive I will say about this is that it gets a tablet in your hand for cheap, but in hindsight I'd just save for a better one.
R1RDQVQAO0DNAR	4.0	Its pretty darn good	0	0	My first tablet type product. Easy to use. Clean and easy to view graphics. Have had two apps that don't comply with for some reason. All others run smoothly. So far am impressed with the unit and was pleased with the price point that Amazon offered. I am considering one for the wife. May purchase several as Christmas gifts this year. I rated it 4 stars out of 5.
RW7GYIM011K3D	1.0	Quality Control is terrible. The first worked for a few days	0	0	Two attempts to get a working tablet! Quality Control is terrible. The first worked for a few days, after charging unable to restart, just blank screen. The replacement came and worked overnight, but while setting up email it started flashing and crackling especially when I touched any hard control such as the power button or volume. Will be getting refund. Do Not Buy This!
R3HMGP1VPZJBHS	4.0	Nice tablet for the price	0	0	I really like this little tablet for the price it is.. it is a bit smaller than other tablets I know you can get, but for the price, this is a nice carry-along tablet. The one thing I don't like is that it doesn't come with headphones or literature of how to get other accessories for it.. that is only reason to give it four stars, but overall a nice little tablet for the price
R2B4W02UY9TWHL	5.0	Snappy Little Tablet for the money	0	0	Snappy little tablet for the money. Nice, compact packaging, well protected. Plays Minecraft PE well, browser scrolls are quick and flowing. Google Play AND Chrome installed out of the box, very nice! Screen protector included; nice touch. TWO cameras? Yep! They're not HD or anything, but we didn't get it for that. Buttons and ports easy to get to, charger and cable work well.
R1A4XNZSZM7HJ8	5.0	Good for the price	0	0	Well I know I paid little compared to top tablets like galaxy tab but I mean for the price its a decent tablet if u just want it for the kids...... Let me restate don't buy this tablet if your a TEENAGER OR ADULT YOU WILL NOT LIKE IT. 2 things I noticed are bad is the camera and resolution. Also the battery power but that's no biggie. All in all its a good tablet for the price
RJ8BJKD732Q8A	5.0	I love this product	0	0	I love this product. At first, I attempted to encrypt it and when I entered the password code to log in, it would not let me. That's OK, because I did a system reboot and was able to return to factory settings. My advice would be to not try to encrypt it. Otherwise than that, the tablet works beautifully. I would recommend it to anyone. For the value it's a great little tablet
R1D3QO6Y4MWTCL	1.0	not to happy	1	1	It freezes a lot the screen also doesn't work well
R1QF1K80ZKKRR7	4.0	Baby's Tablet ;-)	0	0	Pleased with our purchase. We were looking for a simple/inexpensive Android table to use for our new baby. All we really needed it to do was to operate several specific apps that we use for her ... white noise, feeding tracker etc. So far it is working great for our needs! The 7" size is great and I was pleasantly surprised to see that it came with a screen protector.
R2Q72CZPHYK88H	4.0	Good for the Price	0	0	For $50, this is exactly what I was looking for. I got rid of my iPhone and switched to a cheap gophone, and I wanted a device to have Spotify on it so I can play music in my car. This works. Again, it's only $50, so the RAM is kind of lacking, so you can only run one app at a time pretty much, and sometimes there is a lag, but it's perfect for the price. Just what I wanted.
R22T460BPOM6D6	4.0	Good for the price	0	0	For a 50 dollar tablet you really can't go wrong. It's not particularly zippy but can do most simple things like running apps and using the Internet. I bought it to mount in my car and use an an OBDII interface however I could not find a proper spot to mount it so I returned it as I had no use for it. All around its good for the basic stuff but not performant enough for me.
R2WFVHNI8PQDP3	1.0	Think before you buy	0	0	The battery life is a big issue. I turn it off to save battery. Then when I turn it on, it's on like 2%. Now after days I can no longer connect it to the WiFi..I feel like I wasted my money. I got over the battery issue and just leave it on. And battery life is just fine. Now I can't connect to WiFi x so what's the point of having a device if I can't do anything?
R2F19EUMDQHGZA	4.0	Great value	0	0	My 7 year bought this with his birthday money. He is really excited about it and has loaded some apps and games which he had no problems with. I only gave 4 stars so far because the touch screen sensitivity seems off sometimes. We're trying to adjust it or see if the screen protector is interfering. So far he is very pleased. I think it is a great value for the money.
R1ZWOSUZV5DHRF	4.0	bought during the "better than Black Friday sale" GREAT PRICE> really good 7" tablet	0	0	bought during the "better than Black Friday sale" GREAT PRICE> really good 7" tablet. no trouble opening it and learning features. as someone who is computer illiterate, i find this exceptionally easy. much better than my phone. memory good and can be expanded with sd card unlike the kindle. downloaded netflix and picture quality great. good buy!!!!
R38B4YYJL3HENU	4.0	Great value but with things to consider.	0	0	This is a good tablet, however it has its issues. Some of which include limited viewing angles, short battery life,screen lag when plugged in,and quiet speakers.. Other than those things the speed is good and fully featured. This tablet is perfect for a casual user on a budget, but if you want to get a lot of work done I would spend a little more money on a better tablet.
R3IFQYRYTXECHO	5.0	Great tablet for price!	0	0	Have had this only a day so far. I have to say I am impressed so far for the price. I purchased this to replace my Google Nexus that bugged out after the latest software update. I will use mostly as a reader. Netflix and YouTube have worked well on it so far. Also was able to cast screen to my Firestick with ease. Am thinking about getting one for each of my kids.
R3S5NTZNGV42TO	4.0	Happy xmas/hanukkah	0	0	I really like this so far. It's a xmas/hanukkah gift so we've only formatted it so far. It's light, fits the hand, visually a good size and the screen image is crisp and clear. be warned it has a very small angle range for viewing ( what angle you can hold it at and still see a picture) but I think that's manageable. Like others have said, "Great for the price"
R1AF03QLOFBGTY	3.0	a bit disappointed	0	0	I bought three of these for birthday gifts. I wish I had stuck with the Amazon Fire Tablets. They arrived in good order and in a timely manner but, the one that we've opened seems to take a long time to charge and needs charging often. Also, the parental controls are not as good as the Fire. My 11yo son is often frustrated when the tablet quits in the middle of a game.
R3QZQ94IWBSZ79	2.0	Pretty Cheap, But It Does The Trick	0	0	Battery runs out super fast. It randomly restarts itself when I'm watching a video; it did it several times. I wouldn't call this high definition. This is my first tablet and I got it over 50% off, so I guess you get what you pay for. It's an okay starter. Would be good for a kid, but not an advanced user. Does look exactly like picture shows. My phone's better though!
R1JF1YAHLBLR73	5.0	Great tablet for the price	0	0	i orderd this for a friend because his old tablet kicked the bucket since hes had it he has not stopped useing it he likes that it has bluetooth his old one didnt have that feature i have a 10.1 ince zeki tablet that i paid alot more and doesnt have bluetooth wish i saw this tablet first before buying all in all this is a great tablet to get without spending a fortune.
R1JH8EQJ2J0R5U	4.0	but in all its a good tablet for traveling and general useage	0	0	keep in mind this is a less than 50 dollar tablet. there are a few bugs the touch system is a little off and the wi fi has its problems. but in all its a good tablet for traveling and general useage. if you want something thats perfect you have to pay for it . this one has lived up to all expectations would give five stars except if it had better mobile networking
R27P899ETTGSPH	4.0	A Lot of Tablet for the Money	0	0	So far so good. I'm amazed that this little tablet feels as solid as it does, and is as fast as it is given the price. This is going to make a great travel companion, something that I can take out on the road without having to worry about too mucht. WiFi reception seems to be good, and I love that it has a micro SD slot, something that not all the small tablets have.
R3DCRSVG8H06U0	1.0	I guess I'm glad it wasn't expensive since he broke the first one ...	0	0	Extra flimsy. The first one my son broke the screen when he got mad. The replacement lasted a few months longer but the casing by the usb port and charger has become damaged and we can't charge it now. My son is 10 and this tablet couldn't take the wear. I guess I'm glad it wasn't expensive since he broke the first one but maybe a sturdier one would have survived
R17JPSJ5EQRO35	4.0	The Price is Right	0	0	Product and Customer Service are both very good. The price was a factor in my ordering the NeuTab N7. I use it primarily for viewing on Netflix. I did find that downloading games or some apps took a long time. I have basically given up with that aspect of using the Android. However, the price was right. My Nexus 7 didn't last a year and that one cost $200+
RNFF38U2GB44R	5.0	Pretty good for the price!	0	0	I just bought The Core4 Quad it is a very nice product for the price.This is a replacement for my Google Nexus 7 that broke when I dropped it, and does what a lot of more expensive tablets do. As other people who have written reviews on this have said, you get what you pay for. Generally I will use it for email and reading e-books only. I will keep this fb free.
R20XP843J3AC6Y	3.0	Decide for yourself. I'm not thrilled.	0	0	Not thrilled overall with the performance of this tablet. It's cute, handy, and has some nice features. ( like the dual cam) But it lacks speed, gives up on opening apps that take a bit longer to open (heads back to home without offering you the option to "wait"), and likes to revert back to factory settings on certain things after you make changes.
RHWI6IMLTSBUF	5.0	Love the tablet!	1	1	This tablet is fun and easy to use! Great price! We continue to order this for work as prize giveaways and our employees love it!
R2QKHUMFEIQRWO	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	a problem with the camera and the volume button.
R19PTY7LU81S6K	5.0	Perfect for Toddlers!	0	0	Perfect for Toddlers! At first I thought it was a little small, but then I saw how easy it was for my son to manipulate it in his hands. He could hold it in both hands and touch the screen with his little thumbs. I loaded it up with learning apps and we do them together. This was a big improvement from him constantly poking my laptop screen.
R1YDU8IEZGFD6Y	1.0	Do Not Waste Your Money	0	0	This product is garbage and will last a few weeks to a month at best. Please do not waste your money, I purchased this tablet twice and each time after a short time the tablet shut down and would not restart, even after 24+ hours of charging. I give it one star for being shipped to me in a timely manner. Spend a little more money to get something worth having.
R3KL3NVE2TAQMA	3.0	it is a good value for the price	0	0	Although advertised with the quad core CPU, it has difficulty running more then one app at a time e.g. the audio on one app stops when I switch to another app. My old Motorola Xoom far outperforms the Neutab. The screen almost impossible to see in bright light. However, it is a good value for the price, and given the above limitations, I would recommend it.
R2V8C0S77A3S3M	4.0	great little tablet for the money	0	0	Just purchased the small tablet for one specific reason, to use for a work application to take with me on inspections. Works great so far, My kids have gotten a hold of it and give it the kids thumbs up. was able to use the app store and app loaded just fine on my home wifi. the app I used, itself is slow to respond to touchscreen would recommend a stylus.
RBSBO7W19QZKA	1.0	Can't use it for what I bought it for. Frustrating.	0	0	It doesn't take long to figure out that this tablet is worthless. I probably should have returned it within the 30 days allowed by Amazon but so far it has allowed me to listen to my Spotify account and watch streaming videos. Originally I purchased this product to use out of town and listen to music with a Bluetooth sound bar and picking up other wi-fi and/or blue tooth is a problem for this device. What is most frustrating to me is that I can't read Facebook, Twitter and/or do a search without the system crashing. And it's not just the browser it's other apps too. I especially hate the keypads ability to stay put. Usually I get to type a few letters before the keyboard disappears and it will take a bit before it shows up again. It's near impossible to make corrections to MyGoogle Drive documents. So if you are looking for a Social Media work horse this ain't it. If you want to put on a set of earphones and listen to music or watch a movie then you might want to give it a try. But once again, it will have to be from your home because other wi-fi locations or using blue tooth hasn't happened for me.
R3EAFK3MZCLIAT	1.0	Dont Buy!!!	0	0	I bought this for my 7 year old nieces birthday. She opened it july 5th excited. It worked ok until the next morning. Everytime she turned it on, it powered right off. This is very unacceptable. Now I can't return it as that window has closed. I never took it out of the box until she got it. Now I'm stuck with a useless tablet, AND I have to buy a new one.
R1JWV83ZXO1EMU	5.0	So far no issues! Great tablet!	0	0	Bought this as a birthday gift for my grandson and he loves it! My daughter said it is sturdy and he was able to download the games he like to play including a texting app so now he and I can text!! She says the built in economical WiFi makes for a definite plus!! Now I have been told my granddaughter wants one just like it for her birthday in November!!!
R12CDJS6CN9W5L	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Tablet freezes a lot. You get what you pay for.
RWXW8JXY8P454	4.0	Best tablet under $100	0	0	This is my second Neutab, and I love it. I am not super great with the technical side of things, but I don't need to be with this tablet. I can speak to the Google search and, with very few exceptions, it does the work for me. It is very sturdy, I have dropped it off the end of the bed, and it just keeps doing its thing. For the price, it is marvelous!!
R11AVRJ82SVGPF	4.0	NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android...	0	0	it is good for the price you get what you pay for I really like this is a nice tablet you can play video and looks really good I did not no it wound look so nice the only thing I dont like is when it gets 2 hot but I really dont mind it I wish the batty will full up more faster when plug in over all this is a good deal I really enjoy use it ever day
R1MZAA9OUE61KJ	5.0	Stacie Fortson for NeuTab N7 Pro 7" Quad Core Tablet PC	0	0	I love my NeuTab N7 Pro 7" Quad Core Google Android 4.4 Kit Kat!! I have a Samsung Tab 7.....not jearly as powerful or reliable as my new NeuTab! I can access my online courses from my NeuTab where as on the Samsung there was no way. My NeuTab has not froze up or shut down like my Samsung does. All around it is just the better tablet all together!!
R3V9D31H6EF3SZ	1.0	DON'T BUY NEW TAP 7" QUAD CORE GOOGLE ANDROID. HORRIBLE PRODUCT.	0	0	This was a gift to my small grandson. The first one broke within days of his birthday. I returned it and they sent out another one. It is now charger port won't work. Needs to be held at an angle and it goes on and off with charging. Tab keeps dying. Apparently is is not within the time limit of return. Don't bother buying it. The device sucks.
R2JGLPS47M8M2L	5.0	Satisfied and relieved	0	0	Bought this with the iclever bluetooth keyboard and they both work as they should! I was a bit worried since im in jamaica and it was shipped by lasership to the couriers warehouse in miami from last Monday and I got it earlier today. Everything works fine and im relieved the screen wasnt broken or any other problems were encountered. Good tab for $50
RDV86AA9XRM2F	5.0	it has Bluetooth and I love the Google App Store	0	0	I really Enjoys my tablet,it has Bluetooth and I love the Google App Store, it's the best. I received my tablet on time without any problem. ordering it was not frustrated at all, it was as simple as could be.I Shared the information with my friends. I have order three tablet for three different Co-works already. Amazon is the Greastest!! Thank you
R1Y04HHGRGF4YT	4.0	Initial Thoughts	0	0	Decent tablet for pricing. Design is pleasing and small size makes it easy to carry around. Feels durable and light enough. Intuitive interface. My only issues are minor ones in regards to the battery life and performance, but considering the price, I'm not surprised. I bought the tablet for my child and I believe the tablet will be put to good use.
R1EHHMZEVC7387	2.0	as advertised it was said to be easy to use	0	0	1st. tablet purchased. as advertised it was said to be easy to use. the directions which came with the pro7 for me were useless. you have to bo sitting on top of the antenna to get WIFI. it is even difficult to get the camera to begin.. worse--I accidentally bought 2 of these THINGS---Why can't a tablet hook up to your laptop WIFI. ?. NOT HAPPY
R3NKTLBMZXBB0G	4.0	Perfect for working!	0	0	I bought the tablet for when things go slow at work. So far it's been perfect, the camera is a little grainy, but that's not why I bought it. It's the perfect size for traveling. When you plug the charger in however the seam to the tables lifts after you pull it out, so that's a downer. Other than that Netflix streams perfectly without any problems.
R3216E2HCHGBXX	4.0	Liked it and purchased a second one!	0	0	Purchased a second one! This is perfect for an entry tablet. Easy to use and great price.
R3LSBSG6F7TEMM	5.0	Well worth the price!	0	0	Enjoying this Tab. Very nice and packed well. Shipped fast. This is my first tab and I'm still learning but to me it is well worth the price.
R2AJZUZ4KB9909	5.0	Nice	0	0	Nice tablet, easy to use, i like it. Does everything I need it to do
R2EIR3WHHAJVG3	3.0	It's pretty fast and the screen is great	0	0	This tablet feels very well made. It's pretty fast and the screen is great. Great value for a budget tablet.
R3TMQLZ2KXV5KO	1.0	Listen to the bad reviews, the good ones are fake	0	0	Round 1: Hardware The rightmost 1 inch of the screen was completely unresponsive. Started the replacement process. Round 2: Software Screen works, all 7 inches. Too bad the software is clumsy, the touchscreen is fidgety, and the installed apps don't work. I think I'll take my $50 and save toward a different tablet.
R1ZQAN9RQIKV8L	2.0	I think its crap the screen dosent feel like glads more like a ...	0	0	I think its crap the screen dosent feel like glads more like a type of plastic it take a whil for the apps on it yo run somrtimes it cant play the app so then you need to reload it the screen looks blury the battery dosent last long dont be cheap people if you want a good quality tablet but cheap go between 100-130 yoy need to pay good to get good
RTOKJNR0Q4LTX	4.0	Fun and affordable Tablet	0	0	Good little machine, runs fast and is responsive. Running minecraft pocket edition with no problems, the rest of the applications I use are not very intensive as they are more just data retrieval. It does run a bit warm to the touch, I do not think the plastic cools as well as the metal cased ones. For the money there was nothing else even close.
R1VZT2QQ8ZD1D0	5.0	and we are very pleased with the product	0	0	I ordered this for my son, and we are very pleased with the product. My son is only 10 so for his first Tablet this was perfect. He has been using it for the last two days and there were no problems or issues. Everything he wanted to download he could. Love it! It arrived on time for his birthday just like they said, and in great condition.
R16PVAZ6078NKS	1.0	Cheap!!!	0	0	Arrived with scratches on screen. After charging the unit overnight, it immediately froze and failed on its initial startup. Did a hard reset and it and it started to work as it should. Wifi connection is terrible it constantly looses its connection with a reliable wifi source. The only nice thing about this purchase is that I did it on Amazon.
R2RZYD5QWBBLJB	4.0	It started out as a pretty decent tablet but in less that two months the ...	0	0	I bought this for my youngest son for his birthday. It started out as a pretty decent tablet but in less that two months the power button has stopped working. Still waiting to hear back from NeuTab support. Apparently the only way to get in touch with them is via email. I will update if things get resolved. Otherwise just find something better. Update: Contacted by tech support and sent me a prepaid shipping label to return the tablet. They are going to replace the unit for free.
RWJD2KD6TMXYW	3.0	good for the price	0	0	I found this tablet to be a cheap and fun ,with basic Android capabilities, although its not the best android tablet out there it is the best out there for the price. I find it to be very good for watching videos on you-tube or Netflix although the viewing angles are lousy at the correct angle it still has hd. thank you for reading my review!!
RIDT9OSEXT4WR	1.0	This is really a bad product folks	0	0	This is really a bad product folks. I bought two for my son and daughter as their presents for their birthday. The two went unresponsive, completely dead in less than 2 days. Absolutely nothing appeared on the screen. I have returned them so that I can get my refund. If there was a zero star I would have rated this product zero.
RHKVQ9ERAISD7	5.0	Great tablet get more than you pay for	0	0	So I ordered this for my grandpa he not so good with electronics but we have been on it all day and he really like this it is easy for him to navigate and use he is going to use it for work and he enjoys having it for his leisure to. If your looking for a cheaper tablet with all the great things of a expensive one this is the one I'd pick.
R1IELSVEH6QQSF	3.0	you will be disappointed in this one	0	0	If you're used to a Kindle or Ipad type display screen, you will be disappointed in this one. It does not view well from angles and the brightness control is between bright and very bright. However, if you just need an extra device around the house, it is clearly functional and easy to use - and it for the price, I can't complain too much.
R2CNU6U07P8IMC	5.0	Best Tablet!	0	0	works real well. have had it for a while. We all use it. has been dropped several times and still works like a charm. The screen protector that came with, that we applied when new is still on and is very resistant. Works so well we have bought two more for gifts. Graphics are great, network is great, is a quad processor so it works awesome.
RP0R5XXXO3FWD	1.0	Get the $49.99 Kindle Fire instead	0	0	I was comparing this one to the new $49.99 Kindle Fire and have to say don't bother with this one. If you can handle the ads on the Fire it is a much higher quality tablet. This one arrived quickly, but I felt it was subpar and was sure if I dropped it once that would be the end of it. For my money the Fire seemed like the wiser choice.
R12O9OFA8BQGWR	5.0	Very good tablet~	4	6	It's a good and easy-to-use tablet. Everything works good. The screen is pretty nice and has pretty good display performance. Weight is good for holding, not too heavy. It has many practical functions. Like it a lot.
R30Z3CSB6F8OHL	2.0	I got say I may as well use my smart phone I like it much more	0	0	I got this tablet a few days ago. I got say I may as well use my smart phone I like it much more. This tablet is not easy on the eyes, it is very slow and it just does not make me a happy camper. I thought after giving my son in law my laptop I would try this thing. Well, I will be purchasing a laptop soon. Sorry I do not like this thing.
R1VUWVTUN915KZ	1.0	to slow	2	3	I read the reviews and thought buying this was a good idea. I got it and it felt cheaply made, and it it was laggy at first and after the second day of using this it was so slow. Maybe I gota bad lemon but I do not recommend this to anyone you can find something better
R2TQYUHETXWZCQ	5.0	The bible app works great for me	0	0	I bought this tablet for a senior citizen(87)at our church. She wanted to have the Bible on an electric device so it would be easier for her to carry. We installed Bible Gateway on the tablet. I'm giving it to her tomorrow in our Sunday school class. The bible app works great for me. Hopefully the touch screen will work great for her.
R3PAYNSWFWQYHI	4.0	Great for the Price	0	0	For the price...this tablet works great. Overall, I am pleased with the product. I wish it came with more on board memory but does have a slot for expandable memory. The screen protector that comes with the screen has no room for error. Meaning its a tight, perfect fit. Mine got ruined because I couldn't get it to go on perfectly.
R3U3Y1BJPF6TJ0	5.0	Great little thing	0	0	Bought this tablet for my 4 year old to play games and watch Netflix on. Just opened the box and am highly satisfied so far with this thing. It's light and meets every expectation I had. Has the play store preloaded. It runs smooth so far and the sensitivity with the fingers is spot on. In love with it. May be getting one for my self!
R2BXRC967GBEZJ	5.0	Have no idea if it can last like this, I will certainly keep upgrading my testimonial	0	0	Far this Neutab N7 has actually been a rewarding selection. Have no idea if it can last like this, I will certainly keep upgrading my testimonial. I suggest this tablet to those who does not have to have this tablet as a great multi-tasker. If you desire a tablet for your children, this awesome new tablet will be the right choice :'D
R3UGHPUD1HDCWL	5.0	I love my NeuTab N7 Pro 7"Quad Core Google Android	0	0	I love my NeuTab N7 Pro 7"Quad Core Google Android. I have trouble sleeping at night so I sit up and play games on my Tab. It helps the night go by fast, and I am not disturbing my husbands sleep. I have had to send back 3 of the tabs because of a problem but they were so good about sending me one in just two days. Wonderful!!!
R3RPCWBDMAK1PA	3.0	Get what you pay for.	0	0	The tablet is good for the price. I got it just as a digital organizer and for my school work and I am already having performance issues due to RAM. I have ordered a memory card...will revise review if that helps. Also the screen's 3D feature is very difficult to get used to and makes the screens viewing angles difficult.
R3NN33MNKGRJ9X	4.0	this is an amazing product. Being a first time user to tablets	0	0	For the price, this is an amazing product. Being a first time user to tablets, I have asked other people who have higher priced tablets what they think of this, and after playing around with this, they are all amazed with the quality, especially at the price. Very user friendly, and easy to get started. Very happy I purchased this.
R16NIGTH1IR8MP	1.0	Dont buy	0	0	I'm extremely disappointed right now I just took it out of the box it was delivered less than 30 minutes ago and I'm in the middle of setting it up. Just finished encrypting it and now it will start up and let me enter my password to decrypt it and then gets to the allwinner screen and freezes.... I feel like I just wasted my money.
R5TPLM0LU6Z78	5.0	AADE 2015 Tablet	0	0	I received this tablet at the AADE 2015 conference and love it! This is an excellent tablet that I use for patient and student education. It allows for interactive patient education that is visually appealing and very easy for patients to understand. It also provides a convenient way to order additional diabetes supplies. Thank you!
R13N5BVBKGDZUZ	5.0	... a dual camera and Bluetooth which makes this a great purchase for the price	0	0	I was attracted to this tablet because it has a dual camera and Bluetooth which makes this a great purchase for the price. I downloaded a few apps and games and have been using them for a few weeks now and it still has good speed and the battery life is longer than I expected. Overall Iâ€™m enjoying my tablet and have no regrets.
RRWWJJSJ86WJB	2.0	Dont let the price fool you ðŸ˜³	0	0	I purchased this for my daughter and it worked really well . But now after 1+ month its starting to disappoint me and her. The tablets starts to freeze and sometimes just turns off . I wanted to return but I was to late now im stuck with a tablet that doesn't function correctly. I truly believe now ( YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ).
R31EBJ4TVM0K32	2.0	The unknown	0	0	I thought my 7 n 14 year old would enjoy these but I was wrong. They can't stand it. The tablet freezes all the time. I replaced both of them already for new ones because the first ones I received where broken. On one of them some of the alphabets don't work. The other one just stopped coming on all together. Epic failed.
R1ZOKQO6VFGKL2	1.0	Don't buy this!	0	0	This tablet was money down the drain. We bought it for my sons to play games on, but it would never connect to a server to download the games. I emailed the company to ask some questions and they never replied. My seven-year-old son saved his money to buy this, and he basically lost it all. He is saving for something new.
R33P3J44XQ3Z8W	5.0	Seems like a good tablet	0	0	I got this for a 9-year-old. Her big brother figured how to download the Amazon appstore, so she could play Minecraft. She has been having a lot of fun on it. She's happy with the charging time, play time, etc. The white color is cool, and helps her distinguish it from her brother's black one. We've only had it 2 days.
R2HMLRYEFS2F0L	5.0	This tablet is better than I expected	0	0	This tablet is better than I expected. Turns on quickly, bright brilliant colors. I bought it for my daughter has a replacement for her table that was broken and cost 3 times as much. Surprisingly it turned out to be a good investment. It is very light weight and might be concerning to some but overall it is very good buy.
R1KWA3CYE2NRKL	3.0	You get what you pay for..	0	0	The positive--it works. It works fine for basic web browsing. However, when I try to run various apps, it periodically freezes up. I would spend $50 more and get a better tablet such as an Asus Memo Pad. Bottom line, you get what you pay for. I wish I had not been such a tight wad and spent more money for a better product.
R1741BHJQ1K3BQ	4.0	Not too bad so far.	0	0	Just got the tablet today. After playing around with it for a few hours, I believe I like it. Had a little difficulty figuring a few things out, but I think it was because of my lack of familiarity with the Android system. But the touchscreen is responsive, and downloading apps is easy through GooglePlay. So far, so good.
R1OWIEFZW3WQKC	2.0	Not what it says	0	0	This is not a 7" tablet. The box it came in measure 8" long but the tablet itself can't be over a 4"x6" tablet. It is not much bigger than a cell phone. I can not say how t worked as a tablet. I didn't even take it out of the box. When I saw the size of it I just closed back the box. I am returning this.
R1P0YMSELWW127	5.0	Neu Tab Great Price and Easy to Use	0	0	This tablet is just the right size. I can drop it into my purse so it's handy when I need it. It keeps its charge for a good amount of time. So far I have found this to be very user friendly and would highly recommend it. Since it was so inexpensive I really didn't have high expectations but was very pleased.
R177IPIHESJFCR	5.0	Perfect	0	0	I bought this for my nine year old and it has worked great...especially for Netflix when my husband and I want to watch something that is not so kid friendly. Apps are easy to install and I can connect everything to my account so I can monitor what is being seen. It seems to grab the internet when we are out and about.
R14RKVV1ZLDV4S	2.0	like there is a shadow	0	0	Led screen seems a little weird, like there is a shadow. Over all, you get what you paid for. My Mom needed something for her Candy Crush, as her Nook died. She seems happy with it. The camera is not worth even taking pics with. OS is like that of most tablets, there are a few different things, but they can be changed.
R1UYAM9NX61YFE	5.0	this is such a great tablet, I got this for my 4yr	0	0	this is such a great tablet, I got this for my 4yr. grandaughter for her birthday and I no she will love it,I have tryed it myself and I might just get one for myself,it is nice and compact and the perfect tab for a kid,it is easy to understand and I no she not put it down thank you Neu Tab for such a great product!!
R168JQ9Q828ZTV	3.0	This is a nice, convenient tablet for a young kid	0	0	This is a nice, convenient tablet for a young kid. It is handy, performs well, has good resolution, connectivity is good and more importantly is not too expensive. I would recommend this product for anyone who wants to train their kids on handling tablets before giving them ipads, or any other more expensive devices.
R387KJB0ANOW6R	3.0	Slightly Disappointed	0	0	The tablet has worked just fine since the day I received it (Thurs Sept 3, 2015). However, when the battery reached 13%, I placed it on the charger and it powered off completely and has not turned on since. Will continue to try to make it work in the next day or so otherwise I'm replacing it. Overall a great tablet.
RBW6AP52CB3M4	1.0	Save you money for something else.	0	0	Lasted only two months. You have to press hard or multiple times for the touch screen to work. It was very slow. The reason why I bought it was because it was cheap and durable. Turns out it was cheap and weak. I dropped it on carpet, shattered. It was cheap, but for $60 I expected to get something durable at lease.
R11SYSF9G7N73M	4.0	Cant ask for more at this price.	0	0	Got one of these for my father. He loves it light weigh and simple interface. The tablet does everything he needs it to do well which is watch movies, check email, and listen to his music. The only knock he has on it is the speakers arent that loud but that's not a big deal as he hooks it up to an external speaker.
R3C5HKK3JSJ3IB	5.0	Neutab N7 Pro Tablet Awesome	0	0	I am very happy with my Tablet clear screen and graphics. This is the perfect way to browse the web on the go some places have Free WiFi this is a nice device I love how fast the internet connection is. I love the Google Play Store. Android KitKat is Awesome the tablet can download games,movies,TV Shows and Music.
RN1G8KT1OWFAJ	4.0	Good value	0	0	I have had this tablet for a few days now and think it is a great deal for the price. I mainly got it to put books on for school and it works great for that. I have also watched a couple shows. My only complaint is that the calibration of the touch screen is slightly off. Pairs with Bluetooth and wifi just fine.
R1AL8AP288YMKX	1.0	Apps Crash	0	0	I bought 2 of these Tablets. One for my wife and another for one of our children. It crashes every time they try to open apps, browse web or play games. The apps close and boots you back to the home page. Still looking to see if there's a fix for this but it crashing web browsing will make it a challenge to fix.
R213GT51QECX36	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Fantastic gift to for a special lady.....
R2QWMLH601HD8Q	5.0	Excellent buy!	0	0	I love! Excellent neutab tablet . I bought one of the Christmas presents for my 7 years. The truth is the perfect gift! thin and very easy to use and has everything you need in one tablet. Very good image and storage capacity and speed of connection and navigation. I made a very good buy. The highly recommend !
RGTLEVKPIWNAD	1.0	Don't purchase any of this crap from these guys because they only give you 30 days and that's bulls*** !	0	0	I purchased two of these for my kids and they both stop working at the same time one doesn't charge and the other one just stop turning on so they both suck I will never buy a product from you guys ever again and the fact that I only get 30 days and I purchased two of them and you guys can't even take one back
R999Z1UOG86KA	5.0	Great bang for the buck	0	0	My (old, slow but trusty) ASUS notepad bit the dust when it slipped from my hands and the lens cracked. This little number has already proven to be nimble, easy to operate and a whole lot easier to handle (physically) than its dinosaur forebear. Top that all off with an amazingly accessible price - Hot damn!
R3HLFT7MCLOXAI	2.0	It looks like its a deffective item	0	0	Delivery was on time. Some accesories are missing. Only the charger was included. There is no application installed. The touch screen is not sensitive and some times i appears not to be working, The setting menÃº is hard to actÃ­vate because the keybord does not respond. It looks like it is a deffective tablets.
RQGR4176XF7L4	5.0	Awesome tablet at an incredibly affordable price!!	0	0	Honestly, I was skeptical at first, due to such a low price. However, after having received and used the tablet, thus far I am completely satisfied with the overall performance, online capabilities and high design quality. I plan to purchase 4 more for my 2 adult son & daughter, 1 son-in-law and 1 preteen son. Update - 5/8/15: I purchased one for my daughter in Texas and she loves it!
R2LE2RRCSO21ZK	1.0	Lasted two weeks	0	0	We purchased this for my sons birthday in September. Less than two weeks later the charging port stopped working. We were out of town and missed the window to return. I had hoped this would be a good option for my son- but now I'm buying him another tablet for Christmas. I guess you get what you pay for.
R3JKS5MCD134BI	5.0	this tablet works pretty well, I recommend	0	0	I bought this for my son his 10yrs old he uses it for games and video, he loves it. Specially because he can record himself playing games. The tablet doesn't take long charging and the battery lasts for quite awhile, which he also likes. I like it cause it was cheap and it worked, I'm also glad he liked it.
R2YE675PNS4SD7	2.0	Unstable wifi connection	0	0	Purchased for family member to use Facebook app. Screen appearance is quite good and speed seems fair; biggest fault is that wifi connection constantly drops with difficulty reconnecting. This makes this unpleasant to use. While the price is good I could not recommend this purchase because of this issue.
R3R5Z7FWU8BYD	4.0	What i like about it was that is was fairly easy to ...	0	0	The tablet served its purposes and that was to have my grandson, age 3, to have his own tablet and not use mine. What i like about it was that is was fairly easy to set up and get him to play toddler games and learn at the same time. I believe this will help him once he starts pre-k and he loves to learn.
RI2M3BF0VNHV7	5.0	It is a great, fits perfectly in the palms of my hand ...	0	0	I purchased the NueTab through Amazon. First all it was sent and delivered within days,was thrilled. It is a great,fits perfectly in the palms of my hand and battery life span seems to go a good ways. Only had it for a few days since I received it and would say that I'm very pleased with my purchase
RVKOPZUSKNX38	3.0	nice and affordable!!!	0	0	This is a Christmas gift for my two nephews. They looked great and I think they will fulfilled the purpose. I was able to check the internet connection and work perfect. The camera was a little blurry probably because the pixels. However, the price is worth for this item and I think they will be happy.
RL8GSAKYC3UMQ	4.0	Overall I liked this product	0	0	Overall I liked this product. It is well built and has enough power to play games, surf the internet, and play videos. The only problem I have had with it is the battery. It seems to me that it drains too quickly. If they were to fix this problem I am sure there would be no reason to give it 5 stars.
R1AWQJIWL8U9DX	4.0	Great tablet at a great price!	0	0	This tablet is fast and reliable. The sound quality isn't the best but my daughter is happy with the product. She bought it with her birthday $ to play minecraft and has had no complaints. She has owned 2 other tablets and seems to be happiest with this one. I would recommend this product to others.
R3K8LJBCN2BG1G	4.0	NeuTab	0	0	NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android 4.4 KitKat Tablet PC, 1024X600 Display, Bluetooth, HD Dual Camera, Google Play Pre-loaded, 3D-Game Supported (Black)We are very satisfied with our NeuTab and enjoy watching Netflix on it. We did have to order a memory for online gamimg.
R2DW0C2RGO39UI	3.0	I bought the tablet for my 8 year old grandson ...	0	0	I bought the tablet for my 8 year old grandson, who played games on it. After a couple of weeks (using his fingers as the controller), the screen cracked when he got a little too excited playing the game. I should have bought the extended warranty, but I didn't and the tablet is no longer working.
R1CADEB0LN07ZY	5.0	Good for the price ...	0	0	This was a gift. No negative feedback except they were disappointed it didn't take an SD card. On limited budget, it was all we could afford when we had to replace all the young man's school supplies and clothes after their house was burgled by some "friends." It seems to be doing its job.
R1EY2X9Y9BYK1W	4.0	light and the colour is really pretty. the front and back camera works and it ...	0	0	I bought this tablet for my little sister and as far as i can see it has all the same features as a regular expensive tablet. its cost effective,light and the colour is really pretty. the front and back camera works and it comes with a screen protector, charger and a usb cord.This was a good buy.
R1EBW5MK5QKZLT	5.0	i love youre product	0	0	So far I am very imprest with the speed on which you fulfilled my order. The Neutab is wonderfull and I get to use it more like my laptop than my kindle. The micro sd port allows me to see piictures and send them when I need too without the hassle of downloading then poasting before I can send it.
R31USU19ITKZCI	1.0	Do not buy!	0	0	I hate this tablet!!! I got this as a gift and I can't stand it. Everything crash's on it from apps to the keyboard and os. Speaking of which, the keyboard just disappears for no reason! This would be great for a little child to screw with because its s cheap pos, but don't expect much otherwise.
RGW1UOZENVDX2	4.0	It is great for him watching movies or playing his games which ...	0	0	I bought this tablet for my son's 6th birthday! He absolutely loves it. There has not been any issues this far. It is great for him watching movies or playing his games which is all I wanted. It is a little heavier than I anticipated but that is minor. Very pleased with this purchase so far!
RHKD1428Q465V	5.0	NewTab N7 Pro Satisfied Customer	0	0	Excellent, just what I expected. It was well packaged and arrived a day earlier than I expected. Tab is smoother than I expected which was the pleasant surprise. Another surprise was the screen protector. Icing on the cake. Recommend the product and the seller.
R29EIUI9GDKLVP	1.0	Had this for 2 weeks before the primary charger stopped ...	0	0	Had this for 2 weeks before the primary charger stopped working. A week later the screen went all white and is completely nonfunctional. Only thing it was used for was youtube and recreational. When it worked, it was a decent tablet, but i don't think 3 weeks is a sufficient life span, however.
R3UPMMGRGFEELT	5.0	I LOVE IT!	0	0	Amazing! I LOVE IT! This is so cool, I love it more than my Kindle! So Cool. It has better sound, easier navigation, So Cool. Did I say I love it? It's quick to respond, the picture quality is really good, and it actually takes good photos too. So Amazing, and the price was excellent. Wow!
RJLCIS28U5V2Z	5.0	Very happy with my NeuTab N7	0	0	I just got my little tablet and I must say I really enjoy it. I first had an iPad 4, then an Nexus 7, and this one is the perfect size for me. It fits well in my hand and is very responsive; everything is operating without a hitch. I can see myself having years of enjoyment and a happy wallet.
R8WER8MIRU5Z	5.0	great price for a simple tablet!	0	0	This tablet works great along with it's light weight and size. It doesn't get in the way as it is very easy to carry and travel with. This tablet shouldn't be expected to compete against top brand tablets (which are much higher in price), but is still functional and definitely a great product!
R1LHO7WU9Y5CP4	4.0	Set your expectations low and you wonâ€™t be too disappointed.	1	2	Obviously this is an inexpensive tablet. Set your expectations low and you wonâ€™t be too disappointed. Follow my suggestions at the end of the review, and you might even feel good about it. Pros: 1. It has Bluetooth. 2. It can be charged through a separate power connector which frees the USB port if you have a keyboard or memory connected. 3. Battery life seems like about 4 hours of continuous use. 4. Amount of memory seems adequate 5. Touch sensitivity is actually good, but follow my suggestion below to make it easier to see what you are actually touching. 6. Has a G sensor but that is all for sensors Cons: 1. Amazingly, Google Search does not work! When you try to use the installed Google Search app or widget you get a network error which is probably why so many people think this tablet is losing its WIFI connection. Not only that, you canâ€™t update Google Search from the play store because there is something wrong with the installed one. Very Strange 2. Both cameras are pretty bad. I suppose the front facing one is enough for Skype. 3. Only one very small speaker 4. Fairly directional display, but follow my suggestions below to make it better. Here are my suggestions to get the most out of the tablet: 1. Before you do anything, do a Factory Data Reset: Settings>Backup & reset>Factory data reset. Press Reset Tablet and erase everything. This avoids some bad apps that are pre-installed. 2. Immediately after that, go to Settings>Apps>Downloaded and uninstall anything you find listed there. This avoids a couple more bad apps. 3. Turn on Show touches: Settings>Developer options>Input>Show touches check the box. Now you can see where your touches are actually being registered which isnâ€™t always exactly where you think. 4. Turn the display brightness all the way up, yes it uses battery faster but do it anyway: Settings>Display>Brightness 5. Set Font Size to Huge: Settings>Display>Font size
R1ROR40KZLYZK7	3.0	Slightly disappointed	0	0	It's really not what I expected. I've already had to send this product back for a replacement. The first one kept crashing and resetting itself! The replacement, gets very hot and even with high speed data it is so s l o w! I'm not sending this one back. Too much of a hassle.Thanks.
R349NYMM3S1BCH	5.0	its amazing	1	1	Its an amazing product my son loved it
R1YKBJQY8ZKJUB	1.0	One Star	1	1	keeps shutting down, does not stay on.
RUSN09RQWLRP6	1.0	One Star	1	1	No it didn't work. I had to return it.
R3IVRQR5K1MHYC	5.0	which is awesome! I have had no trouble connecting to the ...	0	0	This android tablet is fast, which is awesome! I have had no trouble connecting to the wi-fi internet. I went to the netflix website to try to stream a video with it (it came pre-charged, which is cool, too) and I was prompted to "install an app". It was easy to do with this device.
R2AAV3IM00OBPM	4.0	Good for its price.	0	0	Good for it's price, and I use it to great effect, however it's multitasking capabilities are sorely overrated. As someone who loves listening to music, I expect the tablet to be able to play music while I use apps, however for the price of $50, I am fully satisfied with what I have bought.
R1KU5T6TAO8AJI	5.0	G.R.E.A.T deal.	0	0	This is a great deal. If you're like me and was looking at this for a older child? It's better to go with this than a slightly cheaper kid oriented model as the few extra dollars do make a big difference in this case. It's user friendly, fast, and just a great deal. I highly recommend it.
R19PYY23QJPPF7	4.0	... just received my Neu Tab and so far I like it. My only issue so far is that ...	0	0	I just received my Neu Tab and so far I like it. My only issue so far is that I cannot get my bluetooth to pair with it and there are no instructions on how to do it. So, I suggest that for the future, make it easier to connect bluetooths or put the instructions in the owners guide book.
R3MBVHV3EV31XL	4.0	It's ok, does the trick for the price	0	0	These are great tablets for our kids to use to play Minecraft and other games and watch movies. We have had several of these as they are low-consequence when they break or get lost, and the fill a need. That said, the battery life is short with high kid usage and the video quality is ok.
R15CS8USL0IAY8	5.0	Great Tab.	0	0	I got this for my son and he absolutely loves it, it came packaged appropriately and brand new and arrived at a good time. Not too big but a decent size. Seems durable. Downloads good, works great with wifi, he says it has plenty of space for him to download music and games. He loves it!
RUIMGG9Z9DSPK	4.0	Resolution not that great but wOrth the money	0	0	Ordered for my 9 y/o. He loves it. Resolution not that great but wOrth the money. Only problem I had was with amazon. Got totally different product than ordered, but they resolved matter efficiently and had ups pick up other package. That is the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars
R34II44RLOGDP4	5.0	Neu Tab N7 Pro 7" Quad Core Google Android	0	0	I order my new tablet from Amazon.com Friday evening, Saturday morning before 10:00 am I had my new Neu Tab N7 Pro 7" Quad Core Google Android. Packed with all the accessories and ready to go. I also received a gifted to which I can not wait to redeem. Thank you Amazon.com
R39AHYHDG41L0G	5.0	It works great for this purpose and is an excellent deal	0	0	I ordered this product to use with my GoPro cameras and preview the video I'm recording. It works great for this purpose and is an excellent deal! I recommend this product to anyone looking for an inexpensive tablet to surf the web, stream video, email and other day to day activities.
R53923F6CMXV4	5.0	GreatTablet	0	0	I bought this product for my son and decided to keep it for myself. This tablet is easy to use. There are so many features and, I like the idea that it has play store. Not a lot of tablets has this feature. Overall I really like it and I would purchase it again in the future. Thank you
R2Y7CHQBS4TZ0I	4.0	Great for my kids	0	0	For my 9 year old girl and 10 year old boy I loved it. I would give it 5 stars but the camera and video is really low quality but hey for the price it's not bad. So far my kids love it. It's there first tablet so they can't compare it to anything else and are really happy with it.
R3KZA40A8LIMUW	5.0	Good tablet for the price	0	0	Good tablet for the price. I only had so and so amount and I wanted a tablet, and i found this one or the fire tablet. Good for school, gaming, and Netflix use. I was hesitant about buying it because I thought it wasn't gonna be good from reading the other reviews but its goodðŸ‘?ðŸ‘?ðŸ‘?
R3CKU2YHGGM3MN	4.0	great starter tablet	0	0	My 9 year old son just got this tablet and he loves it. He is able to download his games and surf the Internet. I think it's a great starter tablet for a reasonable price. The camera is a little grainy but other than that we are completely satisfied with what we paid and what we got.
R2OESZCW3BFI6X	1.0	what garbage, i ordered and recieved the day before my ...	0	0	what garbage, i ordered and recieved the day before my sons birthday, It wont charge, it wont turn on nothing! no phone number to any kind of tech support. Im out the money until the item is rec;d and i get a refund. very dissatisfied!!!!!!!!!!!! should have listened to the reviews~!
RTOS2VCIUF7Q	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	one of the best product on the market
R2Z48P0AYMC4R4	5.0	Great tablet for the price!	0	0	This is is a great tablet for the price, good starter one, has everything you need to get email, Internet and games. I also like the size of it. I had no issues with ordering and receiving it. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a inexpensive tablet with great functionality.
R2GG0NE132W8QF	3.0	You get what you pay for. I paid $50 ...	0	0	You get what you pay for. I paid $50 and I got $50 worth. My only two complaints are that your can't look at the screen from an angle or the picture doesn't show up right and the battery life is short. Otherwise, it works well. I got it as a second junk tablet to play around with.
R294ZDKA90V7JU	5.0	Perfect Birthday Gift for Our Little Princess!!!!!!	0	0	Just bought this for my 10 year old daughter for her birthday. She LOVES it. The interface is familiar, she had no problem navigating the device. She set up her own email, downloaded apps and set the time and date with ease. For the price, this tablet is PERFECT for a young child.
R3LJGFSU8TW3OC	1.0	Connectioin Problem(WI-FI)	0	0	Wi-Fi didn't work, it wasted my time and money, every time I turned off and on the wifi it worked fine at first then after like 30 seconds the signal dropped, my phone and laptop were at the same range and they both worked perfectly fine and super fast... so there are not excuses.
R2BT2H7MM21OTE	4.0	I bought this for two reasons. The main one ...	0	0	I bought this for two reasons. The main one was for viewing my drones camera using the DJI Pilot app and unfortunately, it is not supported on this tablet. However I will use it for traveling and other convenient uses where I want something bigger than a phone but not a notebook
R37X8ONGSY8W9H	5.0	Best tablet i've ever used.	0	0	I really enjoyed all the features it has it works just like my adroid phone I have so its really easier for me to understand and will make a great item for me going on into my freshman year of college. I would definetly recomend this buy to anyone who needs a great working tablet! EDIT: does anyone know how to delte home pages from the tablet?
R1QBP2OLCQB6K7	4.0	Neat Little Tablet	0	0	Neat little tablet. Connected to wifi with no problem and the fact that it has bluetooth at this price is an added plus. Comes with a screen protector, and cables to charge via AC or USB. A Micro-SD card up to 32GB can be added to expand the tablet's capacity. Great first tablet.
RFN19I44MHEJN	5.0	The interface is easy and understandable	0	0	I ordered this tablet to replace an older one. This one has much more memory and is quite a bit faster. The interface is easy and understandable. Recharges quickly, within an hour I would say. I ordered it in white. Shipped quickly and arrived earlier than was posted by UPS.
R1JB4H8NYO46CM	5.0	Great item for a great price	0	0	The tablet arrived quickly and in perfect condition, It works as a good if not a little better than higher priced tablet. Would recommend to anyone looking for a quality tablet for an affordable price. Will more than likely pick up another one as a gift, it is actually that good.
R2SDO9VEG12UQR	1.0	this tablet sucks. the screen is blurry and it cuts off ...	0	0	this tablet sucks. the screen is blurry and it cuts off in the middle of application its horrible and i hate that i spent any money on it. I would only accept it if it where a gift. it has even been a month and i already had to take it to repair shop because it will not come on.
RE6UN0Q5DZJOW	5.0	I recommend this tablet to others battery stays charged for a ...	0	0	I bought this tablet for my 5 year old for her bday and she loves it. I recommend this tablet to others battery stays charged for a long time. My daughter thanks me all the time. The only thing is I ordered it in white and it came in black but other than that no problems at all.
R1RP639E8QVTOK	4.0	I like it for what it is	0	0	I like it for what it is. The camera is mediocre at best however. Also, the battery seems to die kind of quickly.The screen is good but a little strange as it is set up for 3D. I do like it though and would recommend it for someone who is looking for a tablet to use off and on.
R1C4LV0XKA4Z3	4.0	Just What I wanted for the price I paid!!	0	0	Just what I wanted for the price!! It's really good for basic things what you expect from a tab and I mostly use for the gaming, internet and playing media for my little one. Definitely recommended for the starters that do not expect cool things where we need to pay a lot more.
R1UDSB10MBIJ18	5.0	great product	0	0	This is really nice with many features.It has the ability to expand 32 gb. which should be plenty for my grand son.It came on time and is a great little tablet.I already have a 9" one which my daughter loves. When in need of another I will come looking for this brand again.
R29JPNS1DDGBSV	2.0	So a month later	0	0	At first I was very happy with this tablet. The longer I have it the less it works right. About a week ago it started by not updating my apps. So i rebooted it like many reviews have said to do. Now it is not even recognizing my google account. Great for small apps or games but be careful. April
R2VQTFY91UD2Z1	3.0	I think this is a really horrible tablet. I bought it for my niece had ...	0	0	I think this is a really horrible tablet. I bought it for my niece had to send it back. First it came with factory fault, only some of the icons I was able to use. Also I had problems when I'm using the internet, it would just automatically kick me off website when browsing.
R1C6BT7C4HD760	4.0	:D	0	0	Love my tablet! My only complaints would be that the screen protector is a lil bit bigger than the tablet so it overlaps a lil therefore 2 sides are lifted at the edges and don't stay flat (like when you get air bubbles but a long line of air) & it doesn't come with a stylus.
R2O4SVZ1IQQE92	5.0	overall its a nice 50 dollar gift for youger pppl or kids	0	0	my GF Loves it... and doesn't cost what I paid for my tab 4 :P - affordable - Light - sometimes a little glitchy but for this price what do you expect. overall its a nice 50 dollar gift for youger pppl or kids... so if they break it it doesnt matter.
RQ5SED4JPW70N	1.0	Neu Tab N7 Pro High Resolution	0	0	I have received my neu tab and in the first few days of using it the speakers have stopped working. I am very annoyed at the fact after spending so much money the s*** doesn't work properly. I would like a replacement of some sort and if not ALL my money returned IMMEDIATELY.
R338C3PGOG4MIF	2.0	Crashes on any app besides basic social media and messaging.	2	3	After a few days of use, I realized it's a 50$ Facebook machine. It's not good for much else. Don't buy it unless it's for some brat kid who doesn't need or really want one for any reason other than to be cool.
R3MHG5KQI7MUUZ	3.0	still learning	0	0	As one who is not up to speed with the geeks, this at first was really difficult. But as I go on and spend time (thank god the flight from dia to tel aviv was long) it is getting easier. Size is handy, easy to get through tsa. But I don't know all that it is capable of.
R749Q1RD1JTO	5.0	Great little tablet for the price!	0	0	This is a great little tablet. I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. Great deal for the price. So far I have not had any issues. It also comes with android kit kat which is nice. I have installed a lot of games and haven't had any problems. So far so good!!!!
R3PEF24BZI5BX	1.0	ONLY good for kids to play games	0	0	Had a very difficult time getting started for set up. Followed the intructions .....ugh.... not what I expected. NO, one to call, no website for assistant (web down). All I could say after all this if....ONLY good for kids to play games. So YOU can use your RELIABLE table.
R2KGW2H55JTNBS	4.0	Great price!	0	0	I just received my new tablet. It arrived so fast. I am using this for a small coffee shop that my school runs. We are able to keep track of all sales and run a report at the end of the week so we can order. What a helpful tool for a great price. The size is perfect.
R21QHMESZYWV2E	4.0	Seems to work pretty fast but tablet got very hot while downloading games	0	0	Seems to work pretty fast but tablet got very hot while downloading games. Battery is running out a little fast and screen can not get very bright. Cammera is very low quality. Bluetooth works great. But not to bad overall for the price. Wish it was built a little tuffer.
R1RS2QVB5BQZ23	5.0	Great tablet at a great price!!!!!!	0	0	Ordered this for my son, he has been wanting a tablet to take the place of his laptop. Price was great but the tablet is even better!!!!! Just as good if not better than more expensive tablets!!!! Does everything that he needs it for. Very pleased with this purchase!!!!!!
RMTLJFL8WLR39	5.0	Affordable and does everything I need it to :)	0	0	Great tablet that is affordable, and I can use in my class for my students to test the apps they make in programming class. Works great, and it is cheap :) My students love to see their creations on a device that they could use in real world applications :) Awesome!!!
RV14B792EJQEL	4.0	Awesome	0	0	I was very excited to get it for my son. Never no that this tablet was so awesome but my son was more excited than I. love the resolution and speed for such a reasonable price. My son tells me every day that I love it daddy. Jus hope that you can make it with more memory
R18SQ0GUIHL5UZ	5.0	Anticipation and excitement!	0	0	Lightweight, easy to use, affordable. We are excited to see how it compares to a previous tablet (not the same brand) that is no longer usable due to a malfunctioning charger connection. Tips for how to apply the screen protector without bubbles would be appreciated.
R14TEME1J8MX8F	1.0	my simple phone works better. To top it off the power button fell ...	0	0	It wouldn't keep a hold of a wifi connection, and wasn't as powerful as I thought it would be. my simple phone works better. To top it off the power button fell out in less than two months of having it. I have tried to contact the company, but they wont reply to me.
RPWPNJHRIK0BI	5.0	For a cheaper tab it is great. I have been through every Galaxy tab and ...	0	0	For a cheaper tab it is great. I have been through every Galaxy tab and is just as good. What i bought it for was basic everyday tasks. Sure there are tabs that can do a lot more and cost ten times more but for basics a real deal. Very thin too and light a great buy
RHXED1USGW67U	4.0	And I like it. My only issue is that I have ...	0	0	My first tablet. And I like it. My only issue is that I have trouble logging onto a wi-fi site that's always been reliable on my laptop. Also had trouble with Google security. They wouldn't let me log on. They didn't think it was me. They thought I was being hacked.
RB2F7ZS8L3NQG	5.0	AWESOME TALET	0	0	These Tablets Are Awesome,im Very Lucky I decided to go with 2 of them.very light weight,great screen and graphics,with is awesome for my gaming.The camera Works Perfect,video recording is Great and Clear..This Tablet is A Must Have for any Adult or Child..I Love it
R3B65CG5BM5VQ5	1.0	Don't buy this item!	0	0	I wish that I could give it zero stars. I'm on wifi, but I'm having trouble doing anything. I can't get on Google, I had trouble downloading from the Play Store. I've had to restart it three times and I'm still having trouble. I'm very unhappy with this purchase!!!
R2AD2YYJBFKMVU	5.0	This is SO perfect for my needs	0	0	This is SO perfect for my needs. It has all of my favorite pictures, music and books on it. It's great to have this when you are bored somewhere and need something to occupy your time. SO many apps available. A mini SD cad adds to what you can store. I am thrilled!
R2U61PT8B7KX8Z	5.0	Excellent	0	0	I love this tablet it's everything I need it to be. I'll definitely recommend this to everyone. The pictures come out so clear and perfect like they were professionally taken.This a awesome investment. I have had this item for a few weeks and it's still holding up.
RF2LCF61EOJ4E	4.0	Very Nice, Affordable Tablet!	0	0	This tablet works nicely. I loaded a handful of android apps and all loaded easily and work well. My gmail account works fine. The screen is very nice especially in slightly darkened environments. The screen could be better in brighter light but is very functional.
R1JREXJL94ES8R	5.0	Perfection in a small size	0	0	I bought this in hopes of having something for quick look ups and the ability to take credit cards for my small business. It works great for both. I was worried because some of the reviews were on the low end. However, I love it and couldn't ask for better.
R1RPQ9TPRNVH2O	5.0	I bought this to use as a picture viewer for ...	0	0	I bought this to use as a picture viewer for my trail cameras. It works perfectly. I take the micro SD card from my camera insert it in the tablet and view my pictures. This allows me to make sure everything is setup correctly and look at my pictures in the field.
R2UO23NCYNR7OH	2.0	Not Good Picture Quality & Mine got Bumped off the Sofa ...	0	0	Can't Expect Much for the Money But It Is Rather Slow, Not Good Picture Quality & Mine got Bumped off the Sofa 16-Inches High And lands On the Back Side of the Tablet Not The Screen side And the Screen Shattered You Would think it would be Much Stronger than That.
R347LRXPSU7XG6	5.0	Great 7 inch android tablet	0	0	I purchased this tablet for a friend. She is enjoying this tablet very much. She was able to download the games she likes to play without any issues. The clarity of the screen isn't like an iPad, of course, but for the price, I'm very pleased with this purchase. I would definitely purchase this item again as a gift.
R2BU2EPTALRZ23	1.0	Don't waste your time or money	0	0	I tried to leave 0 stars but it wouldn't let me. We bought the tablet and within a week the thing died. I contact Amazon who offered an exchange which we did and the 2nd tablet also died. It seems like the power button isn't working. I don't know, but I give up!
RS6W023WW8ZCJ	5.0	NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7'' Quad Core Google Android...	0	0	Nice little tablet. Useful for basic browsing and as a reading tablet. Works great with Skype, having made several overseas telephone calls using it. User friendly with basic apps installed on it. I would buy another. Quite reasonably priced. Nice little tablet.
R1ZCUCBR2C393D	1.0	One Star	1	1	Poor quality can't connect to wifi
R37ALCXIFMES4D	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Battery dies after 2 hours of use.
RHGFN8MF5SSCE	1.0	One Star	1	1	It's slow, ads all over the place!
R35HOQMSTNW4MT	2.0	Crappy	1	1	crappy, spend 30 to 40 for better.
R17ZXGWNW933JY	4.0	Another Satisfied Customer	0	0	No kidding almost new, No Lie here. I am very satisfied with my purchase. Arrived today Sept. 12 2015. Was on it adding internet , downloading games, adding Netflix, playing games, with the charge it arrived fully charged. I give it 4 stars cause no case cover.
R3G9SU473E1V83	1.0	Don't buy	0	0	This product never worked well. The touch screen was very hard to get to function. Now a few months later it does not function hardly at all making it useless. I have learned my lesson when purchasing electronic, you will get burnt with inexpensive products.
RDUZ767DY21KI	5.0	this tablet is a perfect choice; size	0	0	As I reported to NeuTab directly, this tablet is a perfect choice; size, color, micro chip access, everything! Waiting on the case but feel it will be a great fit also. Where was this tablet when I got my first computer a long time ago. Perfect for Seniors!
R7QQPX7VGN537	3.0	Just OK review	0	0	It's okay a little slower then expected for the reviews an the wireless capability of the device slower than expected and have had trouble with it connecting 2 regular Google so overall for the money it meets the standards but I would not recommend this tablet
R2RCPZ4IDY7JDS	5.0	Can't be beat	0	0	Very Nice tablet! I love using this thing! It's perfect for entertainment purposes, and very quick, (being a quad-core). I play my games, watch my movies, and do research in a snap. I would highly recommend this tablet to a friend. Besides that, the price...!
R2LF1OM2L7ZM6S	5.0	A good deal.	0	0	This Product works great. It does everything I expected and more. The battery life is about one half to two thirds of what is advertised, when used heavily. However, for the price, this is definitely a good first tablet. :-) Thanks NeuTab. :-)
R14BF84X9S212K	2.0	Totally disappointed about this product	0	0	Totally disappointed about this product. Sound braked in one week. Very poor WiFi abilities. ..loses the internet connection every 5 or 10 minutes. Need to restart the whole system to get the WiFi working again for some time. I don't recommend it whatsoever
R35UP4NHQ4MC5X	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	I got this tablet as a birthday present for my husband and boy was he happy with it. He uses it for everything. The picture quality is great, a variety of games that our daughter enjoys and the sound quality is unexpectedly great. This is the best buy ever.
R1MKMYLCBLH9KI	5.0	it is perfect for my daughter who just received it as a ...	0	0	Even though this is a low-cost unit, it is perfect for my daughter who just received it as a gift for her 9th b'day. We have another Android tablet at home for the last 8 months, and this unit is much, very much faster! Screen is bright and crisp. I loved it
R3D9CYF8K7YN1H	2.0	It was a pretty good tablet for the price	0	0	It was a pretty good tablet for the price. I've had it for a month now though, and now its just not turning on. I don't know why. I've tried just about everything, but it still won't work. I will edit this review if I figure out how to get it working again.
R3S0B1C2H1WLU3	4.0	Loving my new NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7.	0	0	I am loving my new NeuTabÂ® N7 Pro 7. I use it mostly for work related activities. The specifications of its speed and memory is just to my liking; and my kids use it to play their games daily. With a price like this, it is hard to beat.
R34DIBJR0EC4DG	4.0	New Tool	0	0	Easy to find and easy to order and appears to meet our needs of a tool to set the video focus for Commercial IP Closed Circuit Television Cameras. Looking forward to its use and ease of our operation. It speeds our operation and increases our productivity.
R2BXB4AIW8077S	4.0	An excellent value.	0	0	Snappy and quick. Widi display works great. I recommend you use the modern metro apps if available for battery life and speed. Understand what the device is designed to be used for. It's not a surface. It will make you happy if your expectations and clear.
RZXBYZY91XLZN	5.0	Great for schools and students!	0	0	I bought some of these for my class to write and test mobile apps as well as take video and pictures for websites. They are working great! Easy to use and includes both power cord and usb with power attachment so you have multiple ways to charge and use!
RIJO4RUSBYII2	5.0	great tablet!	0	0	great tablet. bought it for my 9 year old son and now i need to buy one for myself:) It s an awesome table for a great price! bet than i expected it to be. works great, has a lot installed already and was super easy to set up. very happy with my purchase!
R1A6N5W9W9TJGE	5.0	It is pretty easy to navigate and after a couple of days ...	0	0	This is my first tablet and I'm really enjoying it. It is pretty easy to navigate and after a couple of days I'm still learning new things I can do with it. The screen is easy on the eyes and the resolution is excellent. Product as described great value.
RHKVY3859FP58	1.0	One Star	1	1	thr the tablet don't work no more
R1ML4OOI50CJOZ	3.0	Dont buy this!	0	0	Very slow product, definitely a very cheaply made device. My mother purchased a tablet from walmart for the same price and it is 100% better than this one. Cant have more than 2-3 apps open at once, battery life sucks even if its in sleep mode
R3E6W62ZX0JD4V	5.0	i love this tablet have some much space i download like ...	0	0	i love this tablet have some much space i download like 5 games and it just right in size i love the features and the color is just right i will buy my whole family one for the price im like wow i thriught it was going to be all cheap but know its nice..
R2CZOVPCBF5IJ1	4.0	Great for simple use	0	0	It's great as a simple tablet. The camera is not too great which was a disappointment and it isn't as fast as I'd like. Then again, this tablet is for my father and not myself. I am used to iPads. Overall a great simple tablet that serves it's purpose!!
RDEH59TYEBR2F	1.0	Unhappy	0	0	I purchased the neutab 7 tablet for my handicapped son, so he could listen to Sirius XM radio with my online subscription. However, the tablet is not compatible with the Siriusxm app so I ended up going to Walmart and buying a Samsung tablet. Not happy!
RNF1X20OXI99L	3.0	Inexpensive and cheaply produced	0	0	I could overlook the cheap build particularly at this price point but the deal breaker for me was the lack of support for several critical apps. I had Intended to permanently wall mount this for home automation. The Screen Angle Of View Was also poor.
R19KOR06PK64N1	4.0	I ordered this tablet with great trepidation. However	0	0	As I have had a Kindle for years, I ordered this tablet with great trepidation. However, I am quite pleased with the design and the ease of using it. I would recommend this product to anyone searching for a low cost tablet with lots of extras included!
R36ZZFVYV1O2EM	3.0	3.5/5 for price its good	0	0	If I could be more exact I would say 3.5 out of 5 stars, The tablet itself is a deal for the price the only things I would like for it to improve on would be better resolution on the screen and a better touch screen. But overall very good for the price
R1HVFB258WN89X	5.0	Just what I needed for my classroom.	0	0	This is just what I need for my classroom- Enough speed and memory to run some cool educational science apps- including kahoot.it, for formative student assessments. Thanks for making a quality product at an affordable price. I plan to buy 15 more.
R1PF5KO08YQ4WH	5.0	I would have to say its a good tablet for the price	0	0	Got this for my 12 year old son to replace his warn out tablet. I let him transfer his stuff on it and he likes it a lot. We were going to share it but haven't seen it sense he got a hold of it lol. I would have to say its a good tablet for the price.
RG9WFNZ5PP54C	3.0	is very good. The screen scratches easily	0	0	For it's price, is very good. The screen scratches easily, so I would advise taking care with it. It comes with a screen protector. It has a good speed, it is light, the battery is good. Of course, this isn't the most potent tablet around.
R10TF7D9FG5B7J	5.0	Very happy with purchase	0	0	I was cautious to purchase initially because I thought 7" screen would be too small. I bought this for my 3 yr old and he loves it! Tones of games, you tube...and truth be told, I downloaded apps for myself!!! Very happy with purchase.
R2FYXJILH3QWGC	4.0	Solid product.	0	0	It seems a solid product at this time, with decent features, although it can be better. The instructions could be better and the keyboard should have a better way to be called on screen. And the internet page for NeuTab need more attention.
RPZYOK5JM0EQ	5.0	It is working great so far and good quality	0	0	We bought this tablet mainly for taking payments from the square reader for our company. It is working great so far and good quality! It only took me a minute to figure things out. Great tablet for a great price! It even came with a screen protector!
R7PVIOGYNX8QB	5.0	Great tablet!	0	0	Super tablet for the price. Does everything as stated and the size is perfect. The plus is that a free screen protector was included, so I didn't have to buy that! I would order this again, in fact I will be ordering a larger tablet from NeuTab soon!
R3UIL2EQCRPHK7	5.0	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED	0	0	One of the best tablets I have ever owned. I was mainly looking for a tablet to take pictures and play music and this one sure does the trick. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who just wants to take pictures, play music, movies, or games.
R1VS3M5ABOMPAD	5.0	it is amazing i love this tablet it was a replacement for ...	0	0	i have no idea how this isn't more money!! it is amazing i love this tablet it was a replacement for my iPad and i don't think will ever buy a iPad ever again this is so much better it doesn't get instagram but it has every other app which is great
R31BO0VT3ZD48I	3.0	You get what you pay for.	0	0	Its pretty slow most of the time and feels cheap. Unless you remember to exit out of all the apps (hard task for people who have never owned much technology) then it will not charge. It not bad for someone's first tablet but I wouldnt buy it again.
R3MQQJIPD72RXH	2.0	Terrible Screen	0	0	Bad screen and it cracked after 2 weeks. It was an okay tablet a bit sluggish even for the price, I've had tablets in the same price range they weren't this bad. I'm going to buy an RCA tablet, it costs about the same and its screen is much better.
RZ7QLG8P9OJXE	5.0	Great quality, excellent price.	0	0	This is a great tablet with a great price. Compatible with a decent amount of space. Excellent for students and as a professional device. Just get a memory card and it's good for movies as well. The Bluetooth connectivity and a great bonus too.
R1K5ZF6751K86S	5.0	Enjoyed using it browsing website	2	3	This item arrived on time. Enjoyed using it browsing website. Internet streams well on it. I think it stands out among android devices, processor is Core 4 Quad, really good. Like it.
R7YIKD2Q7KTBY	1.0	You get what you pay for. Got this for ...	0	0	You get what you pay for. Got this for my wife because her 2nd kindle wouldn't charge after having it for a year and a half. After purchasing this I decided to get her kindle fixed. Should have done that right from the start. could have saved $50.
R2JOKWFBU8TRUM	3.0	wifi	0	0	Help I just got this and I have read alll the reviews and it looks like a great tablet but I am connected to wifi it says excellent connection but i can not get on the play store or anything else???What am i doing wrong please help! Thak you
R2JGM6VS1U8W95	1.0	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !	0	0	I received this tablet on August 15, 2015. It worked fine for about 2 months. Now it's not working at all and it was used very little. Of course I can't return it now because it's been over 30 days ! I would NOT recommend this tablet to anyone !
R3U16O3ZZY68US	5.0	NeuTab n7 pro 7	0	0	this product is well worth the money! I can use the wifi arount in the yard around my house, works on video down to 2 bars and email with 1 bar *Your results may very but I am pleased with this purchase can't wait till I get it on the road
RP0WHAGC0TEFE	5.0	Fits his needs just fine.	0	0	My twelve year old son wanted to use his birthday and chores money to purchase a tablet. With limited cash, this unit fit his budget. He was excited to find it in the mailbox and has barely put it down since it arrived. Fits his needs just fine.
R2S6IB8CLPVB6N	2.0	pretty slow. seen better quality for $50	0	0	If the speaker wouldnt have started cracking and sounding distorted one day after opening the packege i would have gave it a 3 but it did . pretty slow . seen better quality for $50. Overall it does try to respond to what u want it to get into
R2HRQNWVOR89Q6	5.0	its cheaper then the rest	0	0	it came right time. there are no damage. work like charm. i had to buy some extra memory but that ok. i am a gamer. this is the whole reason i brought it. of by the way i'm using it right now to comment on its self lol. so thumb up. good-product
R13ZYSIJ8PY2B	1.0	I cannot recommend this product	0	0	Very low quality product. Screen is very low resolution and very dim. WIFI reception is weak, only works within close proximity to the dsl modem. Camera is about as low res as they come. I cannot recommend this product.
R3SN0KPDERCDO1	2.0	Pretty disappointed.	0	0	I expected more operational info to be included. This item might be self-explanatory to a techie, but I'm not. So far I am using the "Columbus Method"..discovery. Needless to say I would not purchase one again. Pretty disappointed.
R150NPN5E4M7M1	1.0	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!	0	0	Please do not waste your money on this. We only got a couple months use out of it when it broke (power button doesn't work), conveniently a few days after the return period expired. Amazon should not carry this product it's a total rip-off.
R30TGI9A5TKA3E	5.0	she is very pleased with this tablet	0	0	Order# 106-3256657-8563408 Bought this item as a birthday gift for my wife..she is very pleased with this tablet. It arrived very fast..Thank you for a great quality product that keeps up with the competition at a very affordable price!!
R1OXBJ4EV0QJ1N	4.0	Great for"First-Time" Tablet Users	0	0	This is our first tablet so keep that in mind. Came with everything we needed to use this device. I think for the price we get a lot and we are happy with the purchase. It's been easy to use for two people that are new to this kind of stuff.
R2LHC2V9O3055V	4.0	Not a bad tablet- especially for the price	0	0	Not a bad tablet- especially for the price. My only complaints are battery longevity and the way it likes to randomly quit out of the apps that I'm using on a fairly regular basis. But, I only paid $50 for it, so I'm willing to deal with it.
R13FLETIYPDC0V	2.0	You get what you pay for	0	0	For $50 it's alright. But of you own an Iphone or a Galaxy phone you'll be very disappointed with this tablet. Screen and display are poor quality. Bluetooth connection is constantly interrupting. Sound is aweful. Screen freezes quite often
R3HZ77IH6P8FF9	3.0	Works Fine But..	0	0	it's work fine but have poor screen display which is not even hd display and the size is not 7" as mentioned, is 6". i like the way it parked, well protected and have screen protector. The camera is not that clear but it works fine.
R3LEDSP7T1NUJ2	5.0	and i love it too	0	0	People complain a lot but you must understand that it only has 1/2 a ram of memory so dont expect much i bought it for my mom and she loves it! and i love it too! is compact ,elegant, functional and really cheap so for the price is worth it
R2YBM8OJ65P2S3	5.0	Great value!	0	0	Terrific value, tablet works great and my 9-year old loves it! We had an ipad before but because of it's size and weight he kept dropping it. This is a better size for him and we don't have to worry about him ruining an expensive item.
R1GZ51HE6KYQL	5.0	very satisfied	0	0	lovely item for a lovely price! if you are looking for a won't-break-the-wallet tablet, this is an excellent choice. it's easy to use as well. make sure you check the all the specs listed on this page to see if they line up with your needs.
R3C4ZSLJ1U0FYE	4.0	Nice little tablet for the price	0	0	Nice little tablet for the price. The touch screen does not react like a higher end device, you just have to get used to it. The graphics are fine, the wifi connected easily. Downloaded Minecraft quickly, great device for adults and kids
REYR7EBRRLJFM	2.0	waste of money	1	1	Not worth the money or the time
R2PRIT5SE70TZC	1.0	One Star	1	1	Very slow and worst performance
RAZTB5SA1WXTE	1.0	One Star	1	1	Not what I thought it should be
RSUQEK9BGQBKF	4.0	Almost good enough	0	0	Takes a while to boot. Screen is not as responsive as others we have had in this line. This was a replacement for the exact same product. Screen cracked within a month with normal wear and tear even with a screen protector and a bump case.
R3SURLMHENBIMO	2.0	I'd spend more for an upgrade.	0	0	Not for us. I returned the tablet within 48 hours. Many apps we could not download. Dropped our wifi a lot. Camera had poor resolution. I bought it for my 7 year old daughter. Returned it for a galaxy. She loves, loves, loves the galaxy...
R1BCR585H7ZK5P	1.0	Junk	0	0	I ordered 2 of these. In less than 2 weeks both had stopped charging so I sent them back to NeuTab. The replacements are no better. One of them will not turn on and got so hot the first time I tried to charge it I thought it would melt. I have sent 2 emails to costumer support and they do not respond. Save your money and buy a good one. That's what I'm going to do.
R99AMBWRAKHDE	5.0	awesome!	0	0	Just got it today! Great little tablet! I love it! Its easy enough for my daughter to play her games on it also and just big enough for me and her. She is only 18 months but she loves playing her learning games on it! Very user friendly!
R1LS1WKFOWZE1R	4.0	Satisfied with my NeuTab	0	0	Very nice sleek tablet. Haven't had much time on it. Seems very campatible with other brands. I ordered a cover that was recommended for it but it didn't fit. I will be returning them . I brought 2 of these tablets. One was for a friend.
R2M9IJVZDLB7EZ	5.0	specification is great i really love every thing about this tablet	0	0	first let me say i was surprise of the quality of this tablet ,this tablet ia a winner for the price. specification is great i really love every thing about this tablet, will purchase another one soon , will recommend. 5 star
R4RNNORWDVTED	5.0	I'd say 5 stars because of how good it is for the price	0	0	I received my tablet today and I'm impressed with the quality. I'd say 5 stars because of how good it is for the price. The battery life is much better than I expected. Lasting over 4 hours before being to be plugged in. Very satisfied.
R1Z64T9LNMA6GU	2.0	Screen scratches really easily and the charge doesn't last any time	0	0	Screen scratches really easily and the charge doesn't last any time, you can watch the percentage drop. Knew I wasn't getting top of the line by no means but this tablet got a lot of good reviews so I don't know if we got a dud or what!
R1NZPN8DNEZ9VZ	1.0	All I can say is if you want a good tablet with a good camera do not buy this ...	0	0	I bought this tablet and ended up returning it for another. All I can say is if you want a good tablet with a good camera do not buy this one. I think the saying you get what you pay for is true. It was cheap and the quality shows that.
R3UC9XC7F8DHYO	5.0	Well Worth The Money!	0	0	This tablet is affordable and fantastic to test apps in our school's programming class. They work great and the students have no trouble using them! They work great! I really love that they are affordable! Great product for the money!
R3GR3Z84N8XXQ5	4.0	Nice Bang for the Buck	0	0	Nice bang for the buck. For a less expensive tablet you could do a lot worse. I've got no complaints about the unit. The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars is the camera is a bit weak, but you can't expect a miracle for this money.
R16AYI4EEJORXT	5.0	Great tablet for the price	0	0	Great tablet for the price, a really good option for a value priced android tablet for kids. We Bought 2 for ours kids. My 4 and 6 year old enjoy using it.I recommend it at 100%. also they will give us two protective case totally free.
R2ZWBRODPM229Y	4.0	For the price it seems to be a good product. I like how I can use it ...	0	0	For the price it seems to be a good product. I like how I can use it as a second screen while mobile and using my Android. It has a rather slow speed for doing downloads and updating the screen. The two camera lenses is a nice feature.
RNMDSZ85P43J	4.0	It is great for the price	0	0	It is great for the price, I was able to install all what I need and the one thing I don't like is you have to click more than one time to get the result, or do I need a fix? not sure. But hey for that price I am happy with what I get.
R2UUYO09QM5YR2	1.0	... Cons - 1 day battery life slow There are better alternatives out there now Mostly bought it for the ...	0	0	Pros - Price Cons - 1 day battery life slow There are better alternatives out there now Mostly bought it for the expansion slot. When equipped with VLC, movies are good, no real lagging
R1JL1537K4KT8Y	1.0	Not sure what happened	0	0	At first it was okay.it never stays connected with my wi fi, even when I am in the same room. And the screen resolution is not the best... It even shuts itself down.
R2GRGD50ESONV7	4.0	Does everything it says it will!	0	0	My daughter (18 months) loves this tablet. Her old one broke and this one (which looks very similar) is so much faster! It has a noticably longer battery life and is easy for her to handle. So far we are very happy with this tablet!
R1VFEG6UJGTD8J	2.0	Ok looking pretty lightweight giving two states because I ordered 2 of ...	0	0	Ok looking pretty lightweight giving two states because I ordered 2 of them and both defected one screen rotation was not working then just blacked out. And the second tablet was working fine for about two days then also blacked out.
RL1CU6K5IHSE9	4.0	Great tablet. Wish it came preloaded with a document ...	0	0	Great tablet. Wish it came preloaded with a document writer however since I am going to be using it for my school work. Other then that it's a very nice product and has Google play so I can download my fravorite games and other apps.
R3COX3UDWFADJN	2.0	Dont waste your money	0	0	You get what you pay for - and i should have saved my money. Buggy - apps constantly lock up. Touch screen 'stops responding' to input every now and then, requiring a hard reboot. Screen is just horrible. It now belongs to my 1yr old
RROIBC5IDBXT2	4.0	May 4, 2015	0	0	Has slight problem with touch screen on right side. Have to touch multiple times to get it to go. Image is clear and crisp. Sound needs a bit of a boost. For what I paid for and the use I will get out of it, it was a good buy for me.
R1DIEFCYD4CSOK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent product and shipping
R1GTHYDR3036YM	1.0	One Star	1	1	The product screen not working
R1PRF9P9G2Z27A	1.0	One Star	1	1	I recommend you never purchase
R2GJAQWC7MILF	4.0	nice tablet	0	0	overall, tablet is great. the camera doesnt rotate quickly or even properly but the kids are too young to realize the difference. abc mouse and the camera keeps them entertained during car rides or for brief moments during the day
R11P9M10F8X5N9	5.0	Love them, except I ordered 15 white (as well ...	0	0	Love them, except I ordered 15 white (as well as 15 pink), and got 15 BLACK (and 15 pink). I am somewhat disappointed in this, but overall, very happy with the tablets and the efficient delivery. Order #104-8913260-8665058
R46YCU2EQRNZF	5.0	This is perfect for my needs	0	0	This is perfect for my needs. Its light weight and display is great. I can carry it in my purse so when I travel I just whip it out. I don't have to have so many apps on my cell, I just put them all on my tablet. Nice job Pro 7.
R2UM7HYVOM80V0	5.0	This is a nice tablet for the price	0	0	This is a nice tablet for the price! I bought it for my mom and she is really excited to use it to browse the internet and stream videos. I played some games on it and it ran pretty smoothly. The camera is nice as well. Good so far!
R2VXIVQ8WOIZGM	5.0	Fantastic product!	0	0	Wonderful product! We bought it as a gift for my father in law and he is very pleased with it. We have had no trouble with it at all. The screen resolution is great and the speakers are very loud and clear. All together, wonderful!
RSI4VXLF3MFYL	5.0	This is a great tablet at an affordable price	0	0	This is a great tablet at an affordable price. I use it for reading e-books and light internet browsing and it does everything that I need. It has a good battery life and quick start-up/shut down process. I'm pretty happy with it.
R1D5KEZHWCNSHQ	4.0	... keep up with Facebook- the only thing i didn't like is that it is not compatible with Instagram - ...	0	0	This is just what i needed - something simple to browse the web on Wi-Fi play apps and keep up with Facebook- the only thing i didn't like is that it is not compatible with Instagram - but other than that it runs like a champ.
RY82Z8JTZRUBZ	4.0	Very nice size tablet for my small business fits perfectly in ...	0	0	Very nice size tablet for my small business fits perfectly in limited counter space. Only challenge is getting my square credit card reader to work on this android device as it should. Hopefully I'll get that resolved in no time!
R2UMTXLJPKU64H	5.0	I love this tablet it worked great for a month for ...	0	0	I love this tablet it worked great for a month for the price of 50 that is great it would still work but it fell on the floor and broke the screen is very fragile so be very careful or you will end up like me still using the PC.
R29MVL149QR0QP	3.0	Ehh!	0	0	You can do better! the item is not easy to use, the screen is . . . eh . . . its confusing and the learning curve is steep. It is definitely nothing compared to an iPad. Which I will help my husband upgrade to as soon as I can.
R1NF59UG0A5H9H	5.0	WOW.. VERY FAST SHIPPING	0	0	Not only was the shipping extremely fast but for the price, It's well worth it so far.. plays Netflix, YouTube, hulu, etc.. bummer it doesn't recognize the WWE NETWORK but all apps so far work awesome.. will buy again for family
R6B0KY24ZJO0C	3.0	Not bad for a small tablet	0	0	Not bad for a small tablet. I have s few other tablets and this is what I was expecting. Pretty easy to use and I like the compact design. As a matter of fact I'm writing this review on it. I would recommend and would buy again
R2R9CU19567UMX	4.0	Looks Good	0	0	Just got it. Looks good. Has all the looks of a really nice tablet. Getting ready to order the FREE case for it. Will revisit reviews when I have had it long enough to give it a righteous review. So far so good. 9/20/15 Thought I would comment on the VERY POOR EXCUSE of a camera. It is the only REALLY BAD NEGATIVE to date. Just got the free cover for it. Pretty nice.
R2WVSRQNR97H3W	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I just don't like the camera.
R1S8OW8T5VGPG3	5.0	All around awesome tablet	0	0	Perfect tablet for price.. lightweight and sleek design make it easy to bring right along with you. I'm able to surf the web,play my downloaded games and use social networks to keep in contact with friends and family.. 5stars
R45J2WCK5DO1I	4.0	good deal	0	0	This is a rather cheaply made case but the guts are a bargain. I purchased s leather protective case for it and it will serve just fine as a gift for my sister who just needs it for shopping and games. I think its a good deal
R1VHYPKAV9Q8HJ	5.0	nice tablet	0	0	Very nice tablet for the price! Ordered two and very satisfied, only complaint is the screen protector for one of the tablets was too big so didn't use. However it was free so definitely not a big deal! Thanks for a great buy
R2YTIBFN0OFSCI	2.0	not great, but it has 2 decent features, listen to the other reviews	1	2	I got this tablet for my 2 yr old because she always wants to grab my wife's iPad. I understand this tablets quality isn't going to be great but I was expecting at the very minimum a decent screen. I gave it 2 stars because the screen is "3d" but it hurts your eyes tremendously. After messing with it for 3 minutes my eyes started hurting. Everyone's warning about the wifi going in and out is a true statement this morning it went out while my wife was using it. I turned it off and back on and it started working again. The good thing about this tablet is the volume and sound is above average. You can turn it up to a decent volume (I'm hard hearing). The touch screen works. I was worried about that but it works pretty good. And if you like more than 10 apps you need to find another tablet. If you need a quick fix then waste your money. This isn't a completely horrible tablet but if I was to price it I would put the value between 25-35 dollars. I also want to say if you need to buy a product please purchase it from Amazon because their customer service is the greatest I can return this tablet within 30 days and this is the best part. Amazon called me when I requested them to do so instead of me waiting on hold or talking to a computer voice. I'm completely satisfied with Amazon!
R1CLIK5SLNA4QH	5.0	Great price, Fast Quad Core and comes with Google Play App Store!	0	0	Very nice tablet for the money. Quad core processor is fast and makes browsing a breeze. The best tablet I have owned, hands down. Also comes with Google Play App Store, which is great because not all tablets come with that.
R24SUH8XVHM9OT	5.0	best tablet for the price	0	0	I bought this tablet for my 1yr old baby, and I! Amazed far. I ordered the tablet on pink, and it look so gorgeous. Also its lightweight, easys for kids to handle and very good display quality for the price. Cameras are ok .
RR0O3AIAHABW5	1.0	beware	0	0	Battery drains within 30 min. Of use. Screen resolution is very dull despite being HD. Slow to connect to internet. Touch screen is Not user friendly, you must push very hard on icons or it doesn't work. Not worth the money.
R2KKSPK1MF8V2C	5.0	Neutab tablet	0	0	Light weight, easy to hold and use. Ready to use out of box box, youngest granddaughter had no problem downloading apps and using them. She generously allowed me to use the PC, she will be using the tablet....exclusively.
R1K831DIMRVXBL	4.0	Holiday Design Tablet	0	0	Got it for my mom yesterday ...It was well packaged instructions are clear..it has 720p videp res so images are not super sharp of course this is a good tablet nice holiday design Mom loved it if any issues arise ill update
RFYHE30S7CXM8	1.0	This product is Junk	0	0	It was delivered on time but on day 4 of having the tablet and downloadING apps now I am getting an error message saying unfortunately launcher has stopped. This message will not go away. Now I had to pay to send back....
R7ER6OU7Q41D1	4.0	Nice tablet	0	0	Haven't had it for long bought it for my nephew who just turned 8. I downloaded some games I thought he would enjoy before giving it to him. I had no problems downloading. He was very excited about the tablet and loves it.
R1MT3AOYKFAV0L	4.0	NeuTab	0	0	The tablet was delivered before I expected. I ordered the case last week and was to receive the tablet before this upcoming Saturday. For the price I paid, I'm happy about the quality because I didn't know what to expect.
R2RHMNBQ7T7GIA	4.0	Nice!	0	0	Great sized tablet. Ordered 3 to give as gifts.... Will report back on what they think of it. Currently using one of them and i am enjoying it! Feels comfortable in hand, Wifi working great.. now to see how it goes and all
R9MCWMYILAPP9	2.0	Lousy WiFi range	0	0	WiFi range is a significant issue. Device loses WiFi at about 20 feet from the server in-house, all my other devices have 2-3 times that range. A real disappointment, considering sprred and performance otherwise are OK.
R2U9FRQ2LXM38L	1.0	Product seems to be good. I just got it today and haven't had ...	0	0	Product seems to be good. I just got it today and haven't had time to fully evaluate it. The only problem I have is it wasn't delivered as promised. It arrived on Wednesday, when it was supposed to have arrived on Monday.Updated review: After having used this device for 2 days I have determined it is a piece of junk. Some times the keypad doesn't respond and other times it is super sensitive. It is slow to respond, is jerky and freezes a lot. It also closes apps you are on and the screen goes black. I bought it to use for Facebook and can barely use it due to the previously mentioned problems. This thing is so annoying due to all the problems. I guess I shouldn't expect any better for $50. You get what you pay for as the old saying goes. UPDATE: I returned this product to Amazon. I would recommend anyone who is considering buying this product to not buy it. I can't believe Amazon is selling such a piece of junk. It locked up, keyboard functions did not work. Absolutely unusable.
R3DL8MIZS7XKAI	5.0	Great item for the price	0	0	Great item for the price. Easy to navigate and use. Pocket size tablet. It's not a razzle dazzle item, so if you're looking for all the bells and whistles, remember what you're paying for: a basic tablet for basic needs.
R8KPGK107PYNM	4.0	For the price you can't beat this little tablet. ...	0	0	For the price you can't beat this little tablet. Don't expect a lot but if your just looking for something to surf the internet or check facebook or keep track of your ebay or amazon sales/orders this will do the trick.
R10G28AG6YK2Y2	1.0	... if I can get it repaired or replaced very disappointed in this product it was for a gift and ...	0	0	Bought this item on May 5 2015 and the WiFi won't stay on and it is June 26 2015 don't know how to see if I can get it repaired or replaced very disappointed in this product it was for a gift and now it doesn't even work
RGB10DZPICTU7	5.0	7" tablet thats worth it.....	0	0	No complaints whatsoever on this tablet, android kit kat suits it well. Bought it mainly for Netflix, paired with its high resolution screen its a must have for anyone who is interested in a well balanced 7" tablet.
R2UOFJWZ4JIPL2	5.0	Love it......	0	0	I Love it keeps my four year old busy with learning games he doesn't stop I installed things to teach him to write by tracing the letters and math , puzzles etc. Getting another one in August bought this one in July :)
RISAGAT1658B1	5.0	Works great!	0	0	It is very cute and fits perfectly in my purse. I use this for games and it works great! Especially, for $49.99. My only problem has been placing the protective film over the screen (there has got to be an easier way!)
R1C9LNHKCJ7IM9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it. It's fast and handy
R1THS5QKBQA92Y	1.0	I give it zero	1	1	The keys do not work on it .
R1W98WL2WQZMDA	3.0	average..	0	0	Its a nice tablet I like it.. Lots of memory however only flaw I see so far is battery dies very very fast... And it doesn't allow me to download certain apps. But I knew what to expect for the price so its worth it.
R11XB48ROOQO4U	5.0	Great tablet at a great value!	0	0	This tablet was very easy to set up and it can do everything that I needed it for. (Email, games, radio,ect) my wife wants a new reader so I will probably get r this one instead of the more expensive nook and kindle.
R1S3Z3S0SUE591	4.0	So far everything is great. Graphics are good	0	0	I ordered this Tablet for my 9 year old. So far everything is great. Graphics are good, easy for my 9 year old to navigate and parental locks are easy to access. Over all, a great starter tablet for the price I paid.
RDI2TFDS8XSYD	5.0	Great tablet for little money!	0	0	After reading the reviews on this tablet, I decided to purchase one. I have to tell you, for $50.00, it's quite nice. You really should spring for the extra memory, but all in all, this really is a five star unit!
R3G5V290C421PK	3.0	Not a bad tablet for $50 but I needed something a little ...	0	0	Not a bad tablet for $50 but I needed something a little faster since I am going to be doing on the spot type work and emailing. The battery also did not last as long as the description said it would while using it.
R2K5DDS43SNUJ9	5.0	Awesome!	0	0	I bought this tablet as a gift and was delivered faster than I expected and this tablet exceeded all my expectations for a tablet for a 7 yr old! I would even order it for myself! Great product and the price is low!
R3BKOTHK0ESA4P	3.0	I would only recommend this tablet for those who want a simple tablet	1	2	I would only recommend this tablet for those who want a simple tablet, nothing else. It's working great for my purpose, which was intended for my child. The flaws I would consider are: the screen quality, reactive time after touching the screen is not as fast, and WiFi connection goes in and out inside home. The screen quality feels like it's made of plastic. The definition of the screen works best if it's at an angle, instead of the tablet facing straight in front of you. I've noticed that allowing the tablet to lay flat on the table while using it, has less of that 3D effect on my eyes. Second, the reactive time is quite slow after tapping on the screen. When I select something, I sometimes would have to keep tapping it until I get a response. And lastly, the WIFI connection sometimes goes off and on while I'm at home. I don't think the signal strength on these tablets are strong enough. However, it doesn't seem to bother my child much. He still enjoys using this. And I'd make sure to have a protective case on these tablets. It's lightweight, but more of a "toy-type" plastic feel. The battery life drains sorta fast. From being 100% charged, after an hour of continuous usage, it went down to 70%.
R21UO8WQT5C7AK	5.0	Affordable Tablet	0	0	It's a decent tablet for what you are paying. Fast Decent resolution Inexpensive Android OS All the latest features (BT/WIFI) Relliable Happy with the purchase so far!
R2OWLLU31U0TSO	5.0	Love the item very clear and gets me to where ...	0	0	This is very light and functions very well for what I need. Love the item very clear and gets me to where I want to go and quickly. Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a inexpensive tablet and convenience.
R3JMWSIIV1NK40	2.0	Horribly made	0	0	I bought this for my daughter for an early Christmas present a month ago and it will not charge anymore. I don't expect the best quality with a 50 dollar tablet but for it to only last a month is really irritating.
R3A5LSLSMNWF5X	4.0	Great Support team!	0	0	Customer service is great, tablet came in and the camera wasn't working but I was able to send it back and get a brand new one! For the price it does the job, just wish I knew how to upgrade it to android lollipop.
R2HUTBG9LA2IBH	3.0	NeuTab	0	0	NeuTab is so-so tablet. The picture is not so good when it tilts. Camera is also so-so. But I am learning the android OS. Guess it is so cheap to purchase but it is my beginning of understanding the Android OS.
R29ZYXYL20THNM	5.0	Best Tablet Deal Available!	0	0	Excellent product, great deal, and fast delivery! I kept putting off buying a tablet, but this price made it too affordable to pass up. This tablet is perfect for reading PDFs, surfing the web, and watching movies.
R3L0DOESZBE3AZ	5.0	fiance loves it!	0	0	We have kindles, android tablets and ipads in our house and the NueTab N7 Pro is just as good for a fraction of the price! We are very pleased with this product and would recommend it anybody looking for a tablet!
R2JD64ZCLNI7YV	1.0	Buyer beware. It doesn't work for all music apps ...	0	0	Buyer beware. It doesn't work for all music apps. I have a Groove (same as xbox) music subscription and it will not stream the music because it isn't supported on this tablet. Which is the only reason I bought it.
R2YEX1MO1Z9GET	1.0	*update* Its ok, depends on whats it used for	0	0	Its ok you get what you paid for. It feels cheap but its really loud at least. Its slow and screen is dim on corners if you tilt it. I only use it for Netflix for my 4 year old and a few educational games. Edit: one month of usage and the tablet fritzed out and will not power back on! Highly infuriating. I plan on spending the extra money on a nicer next time!
R19EXPTSBB4DRN	4.0	For $50 this little tablet is pretty good. Easily streams YouTube	0	0	I've been wanting a small tablet for some time, but didn't want to spend a lot of money on one. For $50 this little tablet is pretty good. Easily streams YouTube, great for playing games and checking social media.
R1VQ07V99DNNEN	4.0	Happy with it so far	0	0	Just got my new NeuTab N7 Pro tablet. Happy with it so far. I have an ipad 2, but wanted smaller tablet to carry in my purse. The reviews on this one are great, and am happy with it so far. Love the smaller size!
R2GQ37V8ZCJKP8	1.0	The box was not in good shop and the scene was cracked	0	0	Unhappy at all! The box was not in good shop and the scene was cracked! And the tab looks less beautiful than it is in the Amazon pictures! I meant to offer it to my two years old boy! I am very upset about that!
R24U7RR9FE7F66	5.0	Great Tablet for the price, good for wives and kids.	0	0	This was a great buy.. $50 for a better tablet than any of the kindles... and better than some of the other higher priced models. Simple enough for my wife to use and usable enough for me to play a game or two..
R1S7V4NKFNGMAZ	5.0	Too Good To Pass Up!	0	0	A tablet for $50?! With all of the reviews I decided it would give it a try. To my surprise it is of good quality and easy to use. With the endless apps available to upload, this tablet more than suits my needs.
R39UPP8ILCMM78	4.0	Good unit for a good price	0	0	This unit has good audio quality compared to another unit purchased at a similar price. The screen is responsive and Android 4.4 is a great + for the money. Time will tell how this holds up but so far so good.
RYLC3BRUEYTQ0	5.0	It works great and my boys love it	0	0	We got it for our sons. They just it today and it works great. They able to play all their games and more. Got to buy another one soon for the don't fight over it. But I'm happy I finally get my own tablet back.
R357R99H575CJJ	5.0	NeuTab	0	0	I Love this tablet its not too big and its just the right size to put in a purse or a small messenger bag.it works great and a very great quality and fast loading and shuts down real quick and fast web browsing.
R6GIF709N3LVN	1.0	One Star	1	1	I couldn't get it hooked up
R25NJ12HLHAN3U	1.0	I change the charger but no use Very very disappointed	0	0	We suppose to have an option to zero star Stop working 3rd day it won't charge. And keep turning off .I thought the problem was from the charger ,I change the charger but no use Very very disappointed
R3C1DDMILA9JU	1.0	Save your money.	0	0	If i could give it a -5 I would. This tablet will not stay connected to wifi there are errors when app are attempted to be loaded. I have had this tablet for months I put it away out of frustration. DO NOT BUY.
R14FR9XPY1EVLV	3.0	Tablet works fine. Battery time while in use is terrible	0	0	Tablet works fine. Battery time while in use is terrible. 30 minutes of continuouse use uses between 40 to 60 percent of battery. Stand by battery time, 8 hrs. Unplugged uses bout 1/2 of battery on full charge
R1CSHG1K2KFU0H	5.0	Very happy.	0	0	I've bought quite a few inexpensive tablets and this is by far the best. It's perfect for my kids to use and since it's inexpensive, if it gets broken it's no big deal. Plus the company includes tips to extend the battery life as well as improve speed and functioning. It also arrived promptly. Very happy so far.
RMLS49QA08BCX	5.0	Instructions that actually instruct!	0	0	I appreciate the high quality look, feel, and performance of my new NeuTab N7 Pro. In addition, the instructions are clear, something that is definitely not true with many devices I have purchased in the past! And to find BlueTooth on an inexpensive device is outstanding - it let me pair it with a "real" keyboard.
R2ZFNCSGM760I0	5.0	still need to mess around more but it is super sick for its size	0	0	Just got it today, still need to mess around more but it is super sick for its size. I wanted something larger than a phone but smaller than a tablet and this thing is perfect for work. Got a awesome deal too!
R43IL4IQMFKTV	5.0	This tablet is very fast, clear picture for videos	0	0	If you are like me, you find it frustrating that you can't easily go back and re-read sections of the novel you are reading. However, the e-book reader changed that, and I have to thank Neutab for helping me!
R7Y9Y9PWEFP62	5.0	Great Value For the Price!	0	0	For only $50, this is a GREAT tablet! Add to that, with the selller NeuTab you can get a free case, per an offer they have. Anyway, I've not had this little thing for very long, and I am absolutely loving it!
R2L4RD90WIFU2O	1.0	Do not purchase this item! Not worth the cost ...	0	0	Do not purchase this item! Not worth the cost! Have had the item for 30 days and already the screen has a green line through the bottom portion of the screen which is bothersom when trying to watch a movie.
R1ISC4UOOA1HXZ	5.0	GREAT UNIT AT A GREAT PRICE	0	0	GREAT LITTLE TABLET TO CARRY WITH YOU TO GET YOUR E-MAIL, SKYPE YOUR FAMILY, WATCH A MOVIE, OR LISTEN TO YOUR TUNES. I LEAVE MY "BIG" TABLET AT HOME AND TUCK THIS ONE IN MY JACKET SO I'M NEVER BORED.
R2NBG3JS4LP9OC	5.0	Good product at a great price-point!	0	0	The perfect little starter tablet for our grandson. Plenty of power and function to start him off right on the road of personal digital products. Very good price point making it accessible to most families.
R3Q8P9I3I97EYF	5.0	Great tablet!!	0	0	This is a good tablet for anyone who is looking for a great deal. It has been working great, and is a good size for anyone. Also it came with a screen protector, so you don't have to order one separately.
R3CX1W3VLBMWJP	1.0	non working product would never buy from this seller again	0	0	Just recieved the 7" n7 pro today may 11th screen is junk constantly blinks in and out.. product would be nice otherwise. will never order from the same peoplE again. thanks tim
R33MK4HEH5WH1P	4.0	Dont listen to bad reviews	0	0	the people on here complaining that this tablet doesn't run as well as one of the main stream market tablets like an iPad or galaxy are stupid. It works great for the price and does everything I need it to.
R2UTIU77NXQX4T	5.0	Very Happy	0	0	I love it and have been using it for hours every day. Really easy to set up and use. A lot of fun can't believe I got such a great tablet for so little. Very HAPPY and my boyfriend is now going to buy one!
RFWRR50507KFI	5.0	Extremely nice value!	0	0	I'm using it in my physics classroom to take the place of lab equipment and for $49.99, I am very happy with it! The plastic case around it seems a little flimsy, but I'm not going to be traveling with it.
R3CLH062R8MEEF	5.0	Works as well as the more expensive tablets. NOTE ...	0	0	Works as well as the more expensive tablets. NOTE: It does come with a screen shield, so you can skip buying extras for now. There's also an offer to get a cover, so you may want to hold off there, too.
R26I78VHZ6V710	2.0	okay for a child	0	0	The tablet is super light weight and pic was not as bright as I thought it be. My Daughter dropped the tablet in the case and it shattered to cheap to repair guess I need another tablet for my 7 year old.
RYWG0T2KWZ60H	4.0	Once it was up and running I have a great time. I only wish the instructions were more ...	0	0	I had some trouble setting it up, however I am new to the tablet era. Once it was up and running I have a great time. I only wish the instructions were more detailed om adding/deleting, using the camera.
R231X0RPNYNK3J	5.0	Cheaper and just as good as the others	0	0	I am a P.C. guy, so I wasn't interested in getting a tablet. But, for my birthday, my wife bought me the NeuTab tablet. I have since switched to only using the NeuTab tablet because it is so easy to use.
R2OWDCNS4ASKV8	5.0	... trying to keep up with younger people this is great. just ordered one for my wife she all ...	0	0	`am close to 60 trying to keep up with younger people this is great . just ordered one for my wife she all loves it.got connected to internet AT&TU-VERSE .SO MUCH YOU CAN DO WITH THE tabet i`am enjoy it
R2JYOR2Q5OW50E	1.0	I received this tablet and has been troubled in the ...	0	0	I received this tablet and has been troubled in the display, it has a lot of black dots in the picture, and it's unfortunate that claim and there was no response from amazon nor the seller. Not recommend
R326E205OGPVK5	4.0	I do like this tablet however it wouldn't let me use the ...	0	0	I do like this tablet however it wouldn't let me use the playstore right away I took it to my cuz and he fixed the problem it works great. It was the perfect price for me to pay and im glad I bought it.
R3M6SU06VS5GF4	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great tablet for the price
RGU9GJXDCCG0O	4.0	Love my tablet	0	0	This is a great electronic device for the price. It is fun for my husband and the games are educational for the children. It is easier to use this device instead of my iPhone. We are happy we bought it!
R34ID5R14L5FL4	5.0	Great Buy!	0	0	I really love this tablet! pretty much everyone in my family has one. its just the right size for me, however, the quality of the camera isnt all that perfect but i would still recommend it to a friend!
R380FF5N6DY5QI	4.0	The big buttons are nice on the side since he has large hands	0	0	My BF bought this for viewing pictures for his deer trail camera. Definitely not fancy, but streamlined. The big buttons are nice on the side since he has large hands. Overall a good buy for the price.
R2NRCZ7C7W1MUQ	5.0	A great tablet for the price	0	0	A great tablet for the price! I wanted a mid-sized tablet for on-the-go, that had a usb connector and bluetooth, decent graphics and speed. I am happy to say that it fulfilled ALL these requirements!
R1O7CV23POJOHD	1.0	Horrid	0	0	I was not sent the free case as promised. the neuTab is difficult to program and keeps telling me that it has a virus. The clock can not be reset. I want a refund and information on how to obtain this.
R1JZZUF9UC7BWV	5.0	Love It. Great price, Extremely fast shipping.	0	0	Great Price, Tablet isn't a powerhouse but for the price it can't be beat!! My son loves it!! Extremely fast shipping. I May order a few more for the other kids for Christmas..Or even one for my self
R10ZR8BOK32I63	4.0	You get what you paid for	0	0	It's what you pay for, it's honestly nothing that'll blow your mind in speed, but it is cheap, and it can do a nice amount of things. I just prefer to use my Samsung Galaxy Note 4 for my heavier tasks.
R3RV7DHIGWCO35	1.0	Sending the 3rd tablet back. 1st had scratches on ...	0	0	Sending the 3rd tablet back. 1st had scratches on screen and camera, and the 2 others had non functioning auto rotate(accelerometer). You get what you pay for. Save your money, and buy the nexus 7.
RWUV25Z7GKTIU	4.0	... it about 5 days now it seems to be good. games work great on it seems fast google ...	0	0	bought this for my daughter for her birthday shes had it about 5 days now it seems to be good.games work great on it seems fast google play has some trouble working other than that seems to work good.
R3HXP777SKKIF9	4.0	It will be perfect for my needs while traveling	0	0	This just what I expected. For the price you cannot go wrong. It will be perfect for my needs while traveling. Color is a little dull. If you are in need of a good camera you might be disappointed.
R359BKOE6Q1XNH	3.0	Screen hard to look at!	0	0	only giving a lower rating because the screen is very hard to look at with both eyes. It's one color in one eye, another in the other because of the angles. It's ok in the dark, but glare is intense.
R3L0Q33T16R9ZZ	3.0	good for the price until - be carful unit can not handle light abuse.	0	0	work really good for the price until my 2 year old dropped it one time on the hard floor no visible damage but will not display anything. would recommend it be carful unit can not handle light abuse.
R14Z250L4QGZEW	4.0	Good starter tablet	0	0	Got this tablet for $50 on Amazon. This is a good starter tablet. Battery life is decent. The AC cord buzzes when it's plugged in (w/or w/o the tablet connected to charge it). Overall happy with it.
RSX3HC6EGO68C	5.0	I love this tablet	0	0	I love this tablet. I brought it for my nephew who is autistic, but i love it so much i was thinking of keeping it for myself, but no I am going to give it to him and later order myself one. Thanks.
R1AT9R0B97WRYW	3.0	purchased this for my wife as her first tablet. ...	0	0	purchased this for my wife as her first tablet. It works well and does everything one would expect from a tablet in this price range. If I were in need of another tablet I would buy from them again. we have now had this tablet sense April. 2015 3 months later it froze and wont boot . would I now buy again nope.going to look at replacing it with a Samsung. also they said if I wrote a review they would send a free case no case came just a way to get a review before it bites the dust
R25J7WS477VHOM	1.0	Do not buy!!!!!	0	0	Bought the NeuTab and the sucker stopped working after 30 days. Caveat emptor, Latin for let the buyer beware. You would be better off burning the money then spending it on this piece of garbage.
R1EJYJ46NUZVIJ	1.0	Never Again	0	0	I have purchased 3 of these. 2 out of the 3 lost the ability to take a charge after about 2-3 weeks. The power and utility are great. My kids loved them, but they are not built to last by any means
RTNDW0Y98YFVY	4.0	The Nuetab N7 Pro7 is a fiesty little tablet!	0	0	Bought this tablet and was impressed with it's speed. I also was surprised at how good the screen resolution is. It does need a tweak to make icon removal from the start screen more easier/simpler.
R1SYFV30TEP30T	2.0	It was cheap. You get what you pay for ...	0	0	It was cheap. You get what you pay for. The battery life is short, and the touch screen is not very sensitive. It is a kids toy more or less. I should have spent a little more money
RPYR1VA4B0K9V	5.0	Love it so far	0	0	Love it so far! Much better performance than I was anticipating. Much better, especially with installing apps, than my old tablet in the same price range was. So far, behaving exactly as expected.
RSC6QMR2C6MZK	3.0	ok	0	0	Real small. Works so far. Typing makes noise. it heats up fast. Hard to see screen from the glear screen. The touch screen is senative. Hoping it works longer then two years tho what does anymore.
R2I0XEMM7TYFO1	5.0	amazing product as promised!!!!!!!	0	0	seller gave great description no let downs. got it for my wife and we play fight to use it lol. I'm gonna have to buy another. Ty for speedy shipping I didnt have to pay for!!! it got Here quick!
R1Y2XWMCC17VRA	3.0	Its an OK tablet. The first I've ever had ...	0	0	Its an OK tablet. The first I've ever had so its taking some getting use to. I was expecting clearer pics and an easier touch screen use but it is only $49! It will serve its purpose as a backup.
R2FE1MS8YP4089	5.0	i love it also screen resolution is outstanding plus you can ...	0	0	my grandson loves his new tablet. i love it also screen resolution is outstanding plus you can add an sd card for more games unlike the last tablet plus the price was right, it worth every penny
R1OAINYN4TSPIA	4.0	Good tablet, great for the price.	0	0	I have had this Tablet for little over a day but I already love it because I can finally have a useable tablet for reading and using it to hold army lists for when I go to tournaments. Thank you!
R35T5KTNXT67NF	5.0	I LOVE MY TABLET	0	0	My order@#108-9757476-7073005 the things I like about my tablet the battery lasts 5hrsi I can down load games,movies I love to take pictures with my tablet & I like the color I ordered was pink
R1TYZ2OBYMV8AZ	3.0	shakey	0	0	The camera isn't hd It shuts off alot by its self Runs slow alot Its impossible for this to be a quad core processor Its decent though Worth its price Good on space
R2RYKOHLPBR23Q	5.0	Love	0	0	I love this tablet. It is small but its a good size and it has more space on it than I had thought when i bought it. Overall I think the it works great and I am considering buying another one.
R29JUONMZ5PXWC	4.0	Works as expected.	0	0	It worked as expected. You get what you pay for. If you want a tablet running fast, you have to put your money into it. This gets the job done but I guess I'm just used to faster technology.
RFO8D2MEV19BK	4.0	Great price works well but not the most high definition ...	0	0	Great price works well but not the most high definition screen ever, my iphone screen is better, just saying. But you can't really tell the difference so over all it's a great tablet to buy.
R3CXT32PVRWSM5	4.0	I was excited about the dual camera but kinda disappointed in the resolution and the quality of it	0	0	I was excited about the dual camera but kinda disappointed in the resolution and the quality of it. Definitely I won't use it to take pictures. Overall an ok product for the money you spend.
R3HGW9S99OMN8L	3.0	its great for 2D games but 3D games crash or lag ...	0	0	It wasnt what i was hoping for but i will blame myself for not knowing what specs were needed to play the mobile games i wanted, its great for 2D games but 3D games crash or lag horrifically
R1C4O9GPZWL4H	5.0	Works great for my husband purposes!	0	0	I bought this for my husband so he doesn't have to look everything up on his phone, but is still portable... He loves it! It does everything he needs it to do for his sales job. Thank you.
R30FZV238UC34Y	5.0	good tablet	0	0	Bought this tablet for my 10 yr old and he loves it! It good quality and has everything he wanted on it. Came with a screen protector that and has 2 options for charging! Would buy another!
RF45X1OJGKEF	1.0	Very disappointed with the product	0	0	Ordered as a gift, when the person I have it opened it the screen got a line inside screen and never turned on. Very disappointed with the product, Quality and service. Juan Velez
RFA8R1MAXHZN1	5.0	Can't Beat It. Best On The Market !!!!	0	0	This is the second ( 2nd ) NeuTab I have gotten & it is a great product. The first (1st ) I have given to my wife as a back-up for another unit. This N7 will be my main carry around unit.
RO0VLPMYFM71U	5.0	It is extremely wonderful. When my sister saw it	0	0	I could not believe my eyes when I received the tablet. It is extremely wonderful. When my sister saw it, she said that she has to get one, and I know that she will do so. Thanks very much.
R1QJXXYOMII231	5.0	Great Price, Great Product	0	0	We bought this tablet for my 6 year old son's Birthday. It was a great price and easy to set up. I recommend this tablet as a starter for children, or it would even be great for an adult.
RMX8K3F3U6D5C	5.0	Super happy! =)	0	0	Super fast shipping! Great tablet at a great price. I bought this tab for my 2 year old to use with his learning program. Easy set up and easy to navigate. Super happy with my purchase. =)
R1SZ4XDLPWGZ3X	5.0	very easy to set up needed a small tablet for my ...	0	0	very easy to set up needed a small tablet for my 93 year old mother that likes to play games, she will have a great time using it. she doesn't need the internet but loves to play the games
R1CMTZWJXCFHXO	5.0	Thanks for the fast service	1	1	I'm likeing my NeuTab N7
RBFW27UOSAW8S	5.0	Perfect for my needs	0	0	I bought this for my grandson so he could play his games while he is here and he loves it! Just the perfect size for his little hands and the graphics are quite good. Thank you so much!
RHCWVGGTM79U8	5.0	Great buy for the Money	0	0	Quick Shipping. Came with TWO charging Cords!!! Awesome. Fast and works Great. Setup was a little bit confusing, as well as the number on the back that says to keep it after removal...
RVMQIYUI49X5P	5.0	Love the graphics and the gaming software	0	0	My boyfriend gave me this tablet as a gift. I am enjoying it immensely. Love the graphics and the gaming software. We would recommend it to all of our friends. Good product, great price.
R3ICFA9ARNPSKN	4.0	I really like this tablet	0	0	I really like this tablet! It does everything I need it to do; but it is a little awkward on facebook. The speed is good considering the price. I would definitely recommend this product.
R2E17WL9L0MMZ	2.0	Charging Port quit working after 3 charges.	0	0	The charging port gave out after about 3 charges. Can't return it so stuck with a paperweight now. It was a great tablet when it could be charged. A little slow, but worked for my needs.
R2M4TG6PIJ6TZM	4.0	worth it	0	0	great little tablet, just need to buy the micro SD card to have enough memory. the screen resolution is a little low, yiu have to be looking straight at it, but really cool for the money
RKPJ6HMUD8BV3	4.0	great value for money	0	0	I just started using the device and it's a great value for money. It would be incorrect to compare with other tablets as they do not offer these features at such an affordable price point.
RUTFOC5C1TM9Y	5.0	Its AWESOME	0	0	I love it very much. It runs really fast, camera is good for a tablet. love thats its easy to hold and carry around with you. and for a tablet its really loud when u play music and stuff
RQ1O8KQUG9MMX	1.0	Exactly the same as the piece of crap I'm trying to replace	0	0	Will be returning it. Exactly the same as the piece of crap I'm trying to replace. It was an accidental order. When I received it I opened it to look and yea. Will be returning very soon
R1QU1NAG77D1AW	4.0	Great product for a fantastic price.	0	0	The Neutab N7 Pro 7" Quad Core is a excellent tablet at a great price. It also comes with the wire connections for other devices. I highly recommend this tablet for the casual user.
R2DL0RWJXWK5II	3.0	Great media tablet.	0	0	I'm just going to be blunt. It's only good for using netflix and youtube. Browsers always crash. Need to be view at an angle or tilted due to glare. Good cheap tablet for media watching.
RCJ8AWPFZMSII	5.0	good	0	0	So far so good. Downloaded all the apps I want and is working very well. I bought it for reading my kindle, nook and bookshout since my phone is too small for reading with my aging eyes.
RTOU90KWB5DM5	1.0	Don't buy this tablet. Save your money. Buy a better quality one.	1	2	This tablet was given to my 11 1/2 year-old son as a gift for Christmas. I was disappointed with the quality from the beginning. The screen didn't ever respond very well to touch, but since this was my son's first tablet, he was okay with it. Then it couldn't stay connected to gmail, and constantly sent errors message pop-ups. A few weeks after that, it started emitting a sound like a high-pitched tone that wouldn't stop. We restarted the tablet, then the sound stopped working completely, unless there were headphones. We did not purchase a case for this tablet. My son was very careful with it, and used it under strict supervision. We did not think that it was necessary; however, I now realize that probably would have prevented the back from falling off. This tablet was not meant to be taken apart so the back is not meant to come off. It has completely stopped working in less than 4 months of use. It's better to pay more for a better product. The company has not yet responded to my request to either fix the tablet or replace it.
RXRMPRBOXJSK4	4.0	fantastic product	0	0	Love this tablet!!! While the screen has a serious glare and the pages load a little slowly, for the price it is FANASTIC. It has a great overall look and the screen is very responsive.
R3URRZPZOPGI0D	3.0	Considering that i bought it used the left side of ...	0	0	Considering that i bought it used the left side of the tablets screen is messed up . I can still see it, but the touch screen effect is a little off... It still performs adequately
R1GLJPWV4KH008	5.0	Just perfect!	0	0	This tablet was bought for my grandma and she fell in love with that.. This tablet is very simple to use and even an older person can work with this! It also has a very good hardware!!!
R2DG2EZ0OQZZCR	1.0	.	0	0	I sent this tablet Back cos after charging and not turning it on for 4days I had 2 percent battery and I had to hit the apps button multiple times also got no response from manufacture.
R2EUN9YCUS9FEC	4.0	Good Tablet for the Price	0	0	Purchased for our daughter for playing children's apps and games. Easy to set up and I like the design of the charging USB cord. It does not stick out so that it can be easily broken.
RHNOOZMX8KTGA	4.0	My 9 year old likes it and you can't beat ...	0	0	My 9 year old likes it and you can't beat the price. Can't find the game though and the songs I added from my PC don't have titles on the N7. But that may change as we get used to it.
R2WD9W8J92388O	5.0	Best Birthday Present Ever!!!!	0	0	All that i hoped it would be. Great Price, easy to use. My 6 year old loves it and it seems to hold its own compared with the other tablets around the house. I would absolutely by more.
R2861PTUO80ZE	4.0	This tablet has been easy to use and I have had no hang up's	0	0	This tablet has been easy to use and I have had no hang up's. I really like the storage it has and the price was great. The only thing I feel it lacks is a kickstand for easier viewing.
R3W1ZSV3URFB27	1.0	Already broken. We have only had it for 4 ...	0	0	Already broken. We have only had it for 4 months. It just stopped working. It was not dropped or mishandled. Very frustrated since we can not return it. Do not purchase this item.
R8LA78R1BKEH7	3.0	good for the price just handle it carefully or buy ...	0	0	ok tablet. kinda slow even uploading some simple games as well as FB. kid dropped it on carpet and power button is now loose. good for the price just handle it carefully or buy a case.
R2JRVMQBN25YA5	5.0	It is great for my purposes	0	0	The Neu Tab works fine for exactly the reasons I bought it... I spend a lot of time in waiting rooms, and I watch videos to pass the time... It serves my needs perfectly ....
R1DINNJOTC07GP	5.0	Just the right size. Great tablet.	0	0	This handy little tablet is sleek looking, and switches screens fast. Easy to access buttons for on/off and volume make adjustments fast. Comes with a screen protector and charger/USB.
R36BJPMCPBSHW9	4.0	Budget tablet that gets it done.	1	2	It's hard for me to write a review for this tablet. This is the first tablet I've bought in this price range. I own a Galaxy tab 4, a couple kindle fire tablets and a nexus tablet. I was looking for a cheap tablet that could run some mobile games that I play because I'm a dork and like to multibox my games. This tablet does what I needed it to do. It was able to run my apps just fine. The down side to this tablet is it feels flimsy and the screen resolution isn't that great, you really have to be directly in front of the screen to see a clear picture. This thing would be fine for an adult user who will take care of it. I wouldn't recommend this for young kids, I don't think I could hold up under normal wear and tear. It has two ways to charge it also which I found to be a really nice feature. Don't compair this to other more expensive tablets, this is a budget tablet with a budget feel, but I haven't had any issues with it, and it had all the options I was looking for. I'd say it was worth the 50$
R3XG89GB4RQED	5.0	excellent tablet.	0	0	I love excellent neutab tablet . Love the item very clear and gets me to where I want to go and quickly. I made a very good buy. Awesome tablet. Thanks my son is happy.
R4KFO7BDXA5X9	4.0	awesome!!!!!!	0	0	Great for older people or young people. Can get good games on it and watch Netflix on it which is great for my 3 year old. She plays it more than I do lol. Definitely worth the price.
R1VJ5O1BDFGG7F	3.0	It was a nice tab. But seemed kind of cheap and not ...	0	0	It was a nice tab. But seemed kind of cheap and not that user-friendly. So i returned it. However, if you were trying to buy a Okayish kind of tab for temporary use, it can be the one
R3GA080CDT0IAB	4.0	Cheap but so far so good.	0	0	For what it is , it is, useful. I use it and my PC to d/l then transfer music from my pc to the tablet then with a Bluetooth jacked into my Bose I have ASTOUNDING Chopin at the Beach.
R2TLR3BXZZB6RU	5.0	Great product!	0	0	The NeuTab N7 Pro is a great product. It has great features and is very easy to use for a beginner. The shipping was fast. Great seller, I will definitely buy from this seller again.
RSIIWOMLG6UT4	5.0	This tablet is PERFECT! My 11 year old loves it	0	0	This tablet is PERFECT! My 11 year old loves it! Shoot, now I think i'm going to buy myself one! I love that it comes with 2 different kinds of chargers! I'm very happy and so is he!
RDC84574Y0AUT	4.0	So far so Good	0	0	Just received tablet today. Like everything so far but the charging cord. I would make the mini usb cord work for charging as well. Will update after I've had more time with it.
R3OIOLB0L1ZLOQ	4.0	The tablet is very good for its price and would definitely recommend it	0	0	The tablet is very good for its price and would definitely recommend it. The Customer service is good and prompt. I suggest that the screen covers be put on before shipping the unit.
R1XI067BGUJNLR	2.0	Unhappy	0	0	Screen freezes,and becomes un-responsive, WiFi doesn't stay connected have to reboot device multiple times.would really like to just return device and get refund.camera is horrible.
R18XCKAGXCMFYF	5.0	Nice tablet......	0	0	I ordered 3 of these because there are really nice tablets for the price. Easy to use even comes with a screen protector and I went and ordered some. All in all very nice product!!!
RLX6BVSSC9I06	4.0	nice!!	0	0	Nice feel and overall a nice tablet fir its price. Booted right up could use a little better camera screen resolution is good would recommend this for a child up to 10 yrs of age
R1VU8IZLU2FXTG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very happy with product
R2MDZGNRS6TMFD	1.0	One Star	1	1	Low quality, but cheap!
R3IIQVK5WFAW58	1.0	One Star	1	1	Has alreadyquit working
RWC9TPAU5O5K4	5.0	Very easy to use	0	0	Very easy to use ! Great $$, I am no techie and I was able to use this tablet with ease ! Would recommend this to everyone, no need to spend hundreds on a ipad or samsung gallaxy .
R3QT27Y4AVKYP	1.0	the battery life is short, it was delivered late ...	0	0	the battery life is short, it was delivered late by 2 days, the power button is stuck so i can no longer turn it on, it fell off my couch ( family member fault) but screen broke...
R1T1ZEVTACE4SD	4.0	So far so good- purchased this product for my business-where ...	0	0	So far so good- purchased this product for my business-where we needed basic tablets for data collection and Internet use. Hoping this product can take the place of a bulky laptop!
R3N5KV8ICNB5BR	4.0	Right out of the box.	0	0	Item just arrived today. My 11 yr old son was able to take it right out of the box and start playing his Mine Craft game! He loves it. He had no difficulty learning how to use it
R2SCGTTAR4GO5V	3.0	I think the problem was I expected too much.	1	2	Okay, I knew what I was getting myself into when I bought a $50 tablet. The reviews I read said it wasn't the greatest, but it's good for the price. Now that I have it, I really wish I would have spent the extra. (4 of these don't equal one $200 tablet. No way!) It feels cheap in my hands. All plastic cover, that makes squeaky noises when I handle it. The screen feels like there is always something on it. Not smooth. The colors the screen display look like they're coming from a CRT monitor with a crumby video card. When tilted from the bottom (not by much) the colors get inverted. Tilt from the top, the colors are relatively the same. Side to side, the colors are fine. In all, it's a wash. If you need a cheap tablet, go for it. If you're looking for something cutting edge or at least current, go somewhere else. I'm already having problems with the WiFi cutting in and out, and the programs locking up. Oh, I will say, the packaging for this device is Top Notch! No Joke.
RGMJN6W5SHF72	4.0	Really like the product	0	0	Really like the product. It is very good for my small kid who love it. If you are looking for an accessible tablet with a very good quality/price relation go with the NeuTab.
R24SK7NDSXM7DS	4.0	Good tablet for a child	0	0	I purchased this only a few days okay, it's for my 11 year old son. It's enough for him, he's able to download games and other apps. As well as take pictures with the dual camera.
R1GIZ61EGC6F6O	5.0	Nice tablet for affordable price.	0	0	Pretty good tablet for its price. I liked the graphics, response time. I wish I could upgrade it to Android 5.1, but 4.4 version is just fine. I bought it for my 2 years old boy.
R2PZEOVYI9K8BX	5.0	amazing tablet	0	0	Better then the other andriod tablets that I had own in the past, it have a front and back camera, and you can screen record. And it big enough to read your book on Amazon kindle
R3TAIELN8PHZIV	4.0	everything I always want wanted in a tablet.	0	0	I brought this tablet for my sister, she likes the size the weight and all she can do with it. She is blind in her right so the HD is a great plus for her. Would buy another one.
R3TDBUN2OOZP78	5.0	a wonderful and touching experience	0	0	if i were to buy a tablet, this would be the ultimate product i would use. has a lot of good things to give to its users such as immersive experience and easy to handle controls.
R14EQPOZQLXOMU	4.0	Worth $50	0	0	Worth $50. Runs apps in the same fashion as my android cell phone. My only issue so far is that the plastic frame feels flimsy, but again, I paid $50 i.e. what do you expect?
R1A6S72BW1Q9ER	5.0	GREAT TABLET!	0	0	This is a great little tablet for anything you do. The main purpose for mine is taking notes for school, and it works great! Highly reccomend! I'm using it to write this review!
R3ELQQF4NLW4UX	4.0	Product as stated my son 10 y/o loves it. ...	0	0	Product as stated my son 10 y/o loves it. Just having alittle trouble with the andriod driver to load on our computer to set up supervision, but I am sure we will figure it out.
RB4SEJ3V4ODTY	4.0	worth with its price	0	0	Nice size tablet.quick starte.easy to use.kitkat. O.S screen like plastik but come with screen guard.worth to buy with its price.recomended .i use for reading browsing and games
R1P8YLR29HN5ZE	4.0	Love it	0	0	This tablet is perfect for my desires. Check emails, twitter, facebook, check news, weather, sports scores and a couple of games. I would recommend this tablet to anyone I know.
RD3DPSIL6CYGG	1.0	I was very disappointed and so was my son	0	0	This only lasted 4 months, my son was listening to pandora when it completely stopped working, never turned on again or was charging. I was very disappointed and so was my son!
R3L2RJ0BKGXUE8	4.0	The size is perfect. It has everything you need	0	0	The size is perfect. It has everything you need, plus the android system is awesome. The tablet was fully charged when I got it so I could start using it instantly. I like it!!
R3DAZ0GGR22GS2	4.0	Great!	0	0	The screen protector was too large. That's the only complaint we have. It works great for my 5 year old who is using it for school. Great price, great quality for what we need.
R28TPIF1WZQ93T	5.0	She love it. It is very durable and has no ...	0	0	Bought it for my niece. She love it. It is very durable and has no connection issues. Bluetooth keyboard connected the first tiime. The price is great for all that you get.
RF8PN0FDEFVSY	3.0	weak battery	0	0	Not having much luck yet, battery only lasting about 2 & 1/2 hours for you tube videos, Will update if any changes. Otherwise a nice tablet, expecially for the price.
R221206AIV5G91	1.0	Worse surprise	0	0	Zero starts. Tablet very bad quality and once I opened the box I saw screen defects with lots of white spots inside it. No way even to start. I'm giving it back , frustrated. Even the printed letters on the back are very bad quality.
R3NK4GXLOA4HVP	3.0	Review of neutab.	0	0	I like the size, it fits in my hand bag. It is bigger than my phone, but small enough to travel with. I like it. It does need to reboot frequently. But I would give it a 3.
R3L1TYSWNBQ98U	4.0	Great buy	0	0	This is a great tablet but has limited games and is pretty slow but well designed and is good in size if you are looking at getting a good deal this is defenently a great deal
R1P60R4OHQ0OL6	5.0	AWESOME	0	0	I LOVE IT IS VERY RESPONSIVE NICE AND CLEAR,FAST, A LOT OF APPS COULD USE A BETTER CAMERA BUT I DID NOT BUY IT FOR THAT, IT WILL DO I WILL TELL MY FRIENDS TO BUY IT THANK YOU.
R3EOPUZEYCNBSS	5.0	It is very user friendly and applications are easy to find and download	0	0	I am truly impressed with my purchase. It is very user friendly and applications are easy to find and download. For the price I don't think I could have gotten a better deal.
R2A76FGE7KD51X	5.0	great deal!	0	0	great item! bought for my nephew to be able to play his games through the app store and it works great! have had it for about a month with no issues! great buy for the price!
R1U3M3ZXD6SYWU	4.0	Does the job	0	0	I had a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 that broke, I just wanted an inexpensive tablet that would do the same things. This does. Did not need to go top of the line for a basic tablet.
R12QR4NMLDRPVR	4.0	Pretty good for the price	0	0	Pretty good tablet. It's not like my iPad but for a $50 entertainment device it's pretty good. I'm new to Android so I'm still getting used to things but overall I like it.
R3ASWPAEOVO53L	5.0	This is a great tablet for a child	0	0	This is a great tablet for a child. This was a gift for my 10 yr old. It contains enough memory for his apps and games and is easy for him to understand and use on his own.
R1RSIR3YKKGU3I	5.0	Handy little device	0	0	Exactly what a need. it fits in my hand nicely. A simple android device and you cant beat the price. I'll probably order a few more when I ramp up on my android development.
R21MA1JMGQ8PIF	5.0	Well worth it	0	0	Bought for my 7 yr old brother, thinking about getting one for myself. Good product for what you pay. Display isn't bad and it processes pretty fast. Touchscreen works well.
RLSBJDY9CXHI5	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Four Stars - Very good for the price. Just got this tablet today & it was fairly easy to set up. Apps run with ease, wish the speaker was better quality. For the price, this tablet is better than expected.
R35LAQ8EC3719L	1.0	One Star	1	1	Terrible just terrible
R36BC5Z3AZKI9	5.0	Perfect for all my needs	0	0	Perfect for all my needs. I can stream movies and play games. I did have to find a note app since it didn't come with one but overall I am very satisfied with this product!
RNCVYDTX7B5QM	2.0	Would be nice if I could use it.	0	0	Battery life is very, very short. Tried getting onto the internet with my wifi and still cannot. I regress...I was able to get onto Yahoo for a little while ONCE yesterday.
R2Q77QXQXWCGBR	4.0	... it for my 7 year old therefore it works great for its purpose	0	0	Bought it for my 7 year old therefore it works great for its purpose, however I would not purchase it for myself. Also if purchasing it for a child, buy a durable case!!!!!
R2Y5HNL36CQMK2	4.0	Great for the Price	0	0	Pretty great little tablet for the price. The screen can be a little hard to see at certain angles but that's easy enough to work around. Otherwise works as you'd expect.
R3SISFW95F58AX	5.0	It's an awesome product, great price	0	0	It's an awesome product, great price, and great gaming. It was so good that my girlfriend liked it so much ordered one for her too. I would recommend it to all my friends.
RFX77F07PDYT4	5.0	I really enjoy my tablet	0	0	I really enjoy my tablet, I love it so much ,I help my co-workers to order order thhem one as well. I received it on time with no promblem. Amazon is the GREATEST!!!!!!!!!
R2ONAOEXTRUG5P	3.0	Okay for the price.	0	0	Solid tablet, but a little slower than I would have expected. Can get the job done on smaller tasks, but multitasking is a tall order. Happy for what I got with the price.
R19XKE76NSFPTA	5.0	Good product.	0	0	Great product. I bought it for my grandmother and it is all she needs to play games although not quite as fast as I'm used to. Shipped fast and arrived in great condition.
R2LF2GGNNGXP6P	5.0	NewTab N7	0	0	This is a great little tablet for the money. It is updated on it's operating system and has Google play already loaded. I think I'm really going to enjoy this! Thank you!!
ROQFKMCEPSVXP	5.0	I rate 5 because it is so great for its price that it is insane	0	0	It is worth is price. The product is very affordable for a tablet and works well(even tho it lags a bit). I rate 5 because it is so great for its price that it is insane.
RE43PJN8ZM58U	4.0	Good	0	0	Its a nice tablet but its really easy to open it uses tabs my tablet has okay battery life but for a cheap tablet its not that bad also when i got it google now wont work
R3BKUK8JZZQFTI	4.0	Satisfied Grandma	0	0	I bought this for my 7 yr. old g.daughter. She loves it, I will be buying a larger memory card for her to add more games. It is life saver, on trips and rainy days.
R32IF56KVDQZ45	3.0	good basic tablet but not steady for daily heavy uses	0	0	Works good for reading and uploading my school books. Keyboard is slow and delaying. Not ideal for everyday app uses such as facebook, etc. Works OK with my video phones.
R2JD3UYADIFKU2	5.0	Fast tablet for this price surprised me.	0	0	Fast shipping.Great tablet. Way better than what i was expecting because of the cost.Fast, easy to work and easy to learn to use.Haven't had a problem with it. Thank you.
R3714K9GU4WWM1	2.0	You get $25 less than you pay for...	0	0	It's a $50 tablet. The screen scratches when you look at it, its slow to load anything, the image quality is terrible, the camera quality is so terrible that is useless.
R292Z3EACNKYF1	4.0	This Tablet works pretty well. Sometimes it is alittle bit slow but ...	0	0	This Tablet works pretty well. Sometimes it is alittle bit slow but it then corrects itself. The only problem that I faced is that it was not able to download Instagram.
R27GF2MVPNMCLA	5.0	Terrific Tablet for the Price	0	0	This is an excellent 7inch tablet. I ordered it, among other reasons, because it has Bluetooth and many similar tablets do not. It will be a very useful addition for us.
R3O442AYEYDQ43	5.0	Simply amazing	0	0	At first, I was a little skeptical about the tablet due to it's low price. I could not have been more mistaken. This tablet is amazing. Best $50 I have spent in a while!
R131EDHFIPXM6W	4.0	Great for the price I bought 3 of them for ...	0	0	Great for the price I bought 3 of them for my kids who are 9,10,12 they had no issues using them and operating all aspects of the tablets so they are very user friendly
RDRPKAUJ8MTO9	4.0	Picture is great, price was good	0	0	Does not come with enough instructions for new to tablet users. No explanation of included wires. Picture is great, price was good, but assumes everyone is familiar.
RIG9ZZ8TX18S0	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	Ordered the NeuTab N7 tablet for my daughter's 10th birthday today & she absolutely loves it. Quality is wonderful, as is the speed & graphics are. Price is good too.
R35LYOKXQ904BN	5.0	I can get download.that way a can get enjoy twice as much in my table.thank you	0	0	Very nice and good table . Very good prace for a nice table that is very eficiencie and fast speed. With fast in home WiFi and access to millions of hotspots nationwide
RXPF0CT60QU6I	3.0	Good Tablet Too...	0	0	My parent bought this tablet for me. All I can say about this is good. I can play a great games without a lag and the screen is very clear to see. Good product at all.
R1T9R07ZRLJGIG	3.0	We ordered this item to work with our video doorbell ...	0	0	We ordered this item to work with our video doorbell at our office. It didn't work. Was too slow to upload. We are keeping it to use for other things in the office.
R2GDCINKLHHGP0	5.0	Bang for your buck!	0	0	It is a very great product for the price, you can't beat it and i love playing clash of clans and using various other apps. I very much like this as an android tablet.
R2I6DWQ5M3KWZ1	3.0	Nice, cute	0	0	Nice, cute, fast tablet...however not compatible with UA, LOT Polish, Lufthansa airlines apps and certain games on Google play store unfortunately. Otherwise good buy.
R2KVBUYM67CP2L	5.0	This tablet is absolutely perfect for my nine-year-old girl	0	0	This tablet is absolutely perfect for my nine-year-old girl. It came in the mail fast, Good battery life ( definitely needed because she has not put it down yet )
R2LS8ZQYLTCJHK	3.0	Not Great	0	0	It sent back within 2 weeks. Had too many software issues and the charging cord would never fit right. Customer service was great in trying to help fix the problems.
R1563J25HIVJOW	1.0	One Star	1	1	terrible battery life
R2BPG8IXBKDDXQ	1.0	Can't get it to	1	1	Can't get it to work
R3R96W0I1MPCLT	5.0	WOW check this ouy	0	0	order #107-9434132-5712224 Great tablet ,perfect go anywhere size with lots of app's.price was right for my first tablet. LOVE IT!!! Tell all your friends.
R1LNOF7AK6Q99V	3.0	Good for the price	0	0	Good tablet for the money. My daughter did manage to break the power button 10 days after getting it for her birthday though. This is the 2nd time this has happened.
R1R9KOI6SO11NC	4.0	a really capable tablet for the price. No complaints ...	0	0	a really capable tablet for the price. No complaints except don't misplace the charger because your standard mini usb chargers that everything else uses won't work.
R2KZDWHA4G9TES	5.0	Perfect gift for a kid with the right price	0	0	My nine year old son is very pleased so far. He is loving having his own tablet and the price point is great. Downloaded his favorite games and he is off and away.
RYJK7AIXA0W85	2.0	bought as birthday gift	0	0	When my daughter finally got to open the item the screen was cracked. Now we have to wait another month for a new screen to arrive which we had to pay for separately
R2BPCAKPDOLAID	1.0	A waste of money	0	0	A waste of money. Takes forever to upload anything even though I added another 32 gigs. Loses the wifi connection frequently. Definitely you get what you pay for.
R1G8K618DSRRZZ	4.0	Fast and efficient	0	0	This is new for me. However, for what I have don't so far this tablet is pretty good. Download is fast and efficient; using the net is has nice flow. So far so good.
R3H119VV5C35BA	5.0	We are very pleased with the product	0	0	This was the second NeuTab tablet we have purchased. We are very pleased with the product, and happy that it has a one-year warranty. Many tablets don't offer that.
R12PP1ZRZPFDKM	5.0	Great deal/ beautiful color	0	0	I bought it for my nieces. I recommend it. It works perfectly and can be used for several purposes. I love the color. My nieces were soooo in love with their gifts.
R3O7ASUT099J4T	4.0	it's great. First order	0	0	For the bucks, it's great. First order, line down center of tablet. Returned for replacement with no problem. Delivery was right on time. New tablet works fine.
RVAJEXP0EBI6U	5.0	Great little tablet	0	0	Great little tablet! Great value at the price, and works as intended. Screen viewing angles aren't the best, but it is only $50. Bundled screen protector is great!
R3Q9QLZD92H9WX	3.0	My first tablet	0	0	I just got it in the mail today. Well, I seem to be impress with it so far. The tablet connect to the internet with ease. I think for fifty dollars that it is o.k.
R2NVOAZJS0RFLP	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Works just as well as my mini for my needs. ORDER # 110-5524830-7066634 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00THEMRX8?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0
R393JP8U8AD4CN	3.0	I bought this for my granddaughter who is fascinated with ...	0	0	I bought this for my granddaughter who is fascinated with electronics. The only problem I found is if she continually used it the battery only last about to hours.
RVE75447AUAY1	5.0	Just got it today and my granddaughter loves it best tablet. It lets her do her homework and ...	0	0	Just got it today and my granddaughter loves it best tablet. It lets her do her homework and plays the coolest games. Will definitely buy this brand in the future
R1LPA5V1TA54IQ	4.0	A good tablet for $50	0	0	I think you get your money worth out of this tablet. It's my not be the best tablet on the market but for $50 you get a device that works and has no major issues.
R2CM5K9K61292S	1.0	Wasn't expecting greatness, but...	0	0	This is the worst tablet. It freezes and shuts down more than it works. The longer I have it, the worse it gets. I keep having to hard shut down. And even when I boot it back up, it still acts up. I have to bang on it to get it to move a little bit . I would NOT suggest this thing to anyone. Yeah, I know, people will say "what do you expect for $50?"...I expect it to work more than it freezes and shuts off...that's what I expect. If I could give this tablet a Zero, I would
R203HLMBX7GTO1	5.0	Great tablet!	0	0	This is a great little tablet. So far has lived up to my expectations! It is quite portable and is easy to take anywhere. This is my first tablet and I love it!!!
R2MGOXF5NJZBLC	5.0	Perfect!	0	0	Just received this tablet and so far it is great. I've had no problems with it. Its fast and the graphics are great. Definitely a great buy for kids and adults!
R3LPU4MCXBM1RX	5.0	!! Nice and user friendly tablet !!	0	0	This tablet is more than what i expected. I really liked it and I think best suited for my requirement. They delivered what they promised. Definitely recommend !!
R1L4F7LQC8LA9O	5.0	NeuTab tablet	0	0	This tablet has been great!! It gets a little laggy when u try to do more than one thing at a time but other than that it is great quality and is worth the money.
R2JMN7P88PY6Z5	5.0	Nice Product NeuTab	0	0	It's small, nice, and very compact.... Comes in handy when I'm on the go.... Works well with FL Studio Mobile.... May get one for my mother in the near future.... Order#103-4663677-8736253
R2SA9TMPEECUR3	5.0	I love the tablets	0	0	I was not able to remove all the bubbles with I applied the screen protectors to my tablets (2 of them). These are great tablets for my 2 grandsons (ages 10 & 7)
R9W821PPY8S4I	3.0	It works fine for simple surfing	0	0	It works fine for simple surfing. I am having trouble loading adobe flash. Index it for some of my programs and thought that was a fairly easy feature to load.
R2G3A3C36RPPDA	5.0	Great product would recommend it to anyone who needs a ...	0	0	Great product would recommend it to anyone who needs a tablet but don't have the money to buy a traditional expensive brand, plus it works just as the others do.
R2CHB4CHUYOL5G	1.0	Slowest tablet ive ever used. though it might last ...	0	0	Slowest tablet ive ever used. though it might last a little while since its just for YouTube, and web browsing but unfortunately not. I would not buy this again.
R8C0A6QMS4IVQ	4.0	Tablet was received quickly and it has been useful to me for reading newspapers online and visiting other ...	0	0	Fairly priced. Tablet was received quickly and it has been useful to me for reading newspapers online and visiting other sites. I still have to test its camera.
R1KUM9JF2NE0ZH	5.0	Its a good one. Bought it for my 8yrs old daughter	0	0	Its a good one. Bought it for my 8yrs old daughter. And she loves it. It functions like the normal iPad. The price is ok but it's better for kids more.
RTLCXA3AHO26Q	5.0	OH Yeah ;-)	0	0	I purchased this for my daughters birthday. I did play on it a little so I could write this review! I must say it's perfect for my soon to be 9 year old <3
R32MAT593FQC7T	5.0	Best tablet I've ever used.	0	0	This is the best little tablet I've ever had. I love the clarity it has and I love the size, I can take it anywhere I want to. I think I'll buy another one soon.
RXX66DM039C90	3.0	Poor quality case	0	0	I bought this my grandson. Poor quality case, good resolution, slow performance,does not last no where near the claimed 8 hours. I think I'm going to return it .
R13QULC23J46L6	5.0	Good choice and price.	0	0	I like how it works, it is better than another tablet I had. It is good for a teen and it was a good deal. For a cheap price it was good. It is good quality.
R2UE5D5DI7XKLJ	2.0	frustrated	0	0	not sure what's wrong with this tablet, but it's constantly glitching. I have to reboot it constantly just to stream music. I would not buy this tablet again.
R1DG0W3F8JYPU9	5.0	My daughter just loved it and can't seem to put it down	0	0	My daughter just loved it and can't seem to put it down. She can do her school work watch movies and play games on it she needed something just like the NeuTab.
R3B9S13ZZTJ1N6	5.0	wonderful tablets for the price	0	0	these tablets have been wonderful, I never expected them to play games so well. my grandchildren stay on these for hours.they work like far more expensive ones.
R1G1MN5L4NTARP	1.0	Not worth it!!	0	0	It's very slow. Crashes and over heats. I don't have a lot of app installed. I guess that what you get for the price. I would not recommend you buy this product
