R2UU29K307843X	4.0	Excellent tablet, performs very well for me!. After 6 months, I am still happy with this tablet. Detailed review follows...	282	291	Updated review November 28, 2015: Since I have had this tablet close to the first day it came out and I really am pleased with it, even more so now. I like it do much, I took pictures of the display, hope they are shown OK. I was looking for a 9.7 size and a tablet that would do what I wanted a nice and useful tablet yet not the most pricey one out there. Hence, I bought this Tab A 9.7 and am so pleased with it. The purpose of this review is to hopefully help you decide if this tablet is the right one for you or not... Below are the PROS and the CONS that I found after testing this tablet: PROS/SPECIAL FEATURES: + Size - I had the Tab 4 10.1 and the 8.0 before this tablet. The 10.1 was just too large and bulky and heavy. This tablet is lighter than my old Tab 4 10.1 and more comfortable to hold and to carry in my purse or backpack. Screen Resolution, Brightness and Other Info – Yes, the resolution on this screen is not the highest one out there. But it did not scare me away because the screen is clear and the colors are so vivid, they just pop with color! And I find it easy to read eBooks, watch videos, etc on this tablet. For the price of this tablet, I find that the tablet has been a great purchase because after 6 months of using it every day, I am still very happy with it. There are other tablets out there that are much pricier as Tab S2, as for me, I shall keep this one! * The screen aspect ratio is 4:3 vs the 16:1 type of screen. For me, I like this 4:3 screen because I found that the webpages are easier to read and clearer, I did not have to scroll to the right. Also I found that the pictures on a website were easier to view. I compared this tablet with my older Tab 4 10.1 tablet on my frequent webpages and while I viewed this tablet, I could read the larger text better, read my eBooks much clearer, emails better etc. This is my personal discovery from my testing of this and comparing it to my older tablet. + Battery life/Speed – Very good battery life! For me, I have found that I am constantly on WiFi (Internet). However, I also find that this tablet gets me 2 to 3 hours MORE daily than my older Tab 4 10.1 did! The tablet I find is quite responsive and peppy with no lagging. The Lollipop runs this tablet wonderfully/ + WiFi Connecting/Speed of WiFi and MORE - This tablet connects SUPER quickly to my home WiFi and has never ever dropped the WIFi signal no matter where I am in my home. WiFi is VERY STRONG using this device, even when I am very far from my router I still have 4.5 bars! *** To test the speed and strength of this WiFi and compare it to my other Android devices, I went to the Playstore and got the free app called WiFi Analyzer. This is a MUST HAVE app for any Android device as it gives you a visual report on the WiFi strength of your tablet, phone etc. + SPECIAL INFO about INTERNET CONNECTION - Yes, this is a WiFi only, but when you are away from an WiFi internet hotspot location, there are ways to can get onto the internet such as MiFi and there are ways that you can purchase equipment so that you can have data when you do not have a WiFi hotspot available. + Internet & Webpage & Video Viewing - The stock browser does a wonderful job and it opens up webpages very fast. Also I tried Maxthon Browser and this worked very well yet I still prefer the Internet App. Also, I tried out the factory installed Chrome Browser and liked it OK, yet again, I went back the the stock Internet App (this is my preference). Note that the Playstore has many very good (FREE) internet browsers as Dolphin, Opera and many more! + EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD. This is a must for me as I keep my personal files, photos, and music on my internal SD card. I installed a SanDisk 32GB SD card and it works great on this tablet and I placed my music and files on it and have plenty of space left. - + Camera / Video Camera - I found it OK for a 5MP with no flash on this camera, however, in good lighting the pictures came out better had I expected. However, I rarely use this camera as I prefer to use my Nikon digital camera for my overall picture taking...the camera on this tablet is OK for backup camera, taking pictures to send in an email, etc). Do not expect the camera on this tablet to replace your digital camera since it does not have a flash and 5MP is rather low by todays standards. + Home Videos - The stock video player is OK and plays MOST home videos, however, may I suggest QQ Player (Free App from Playstore and the ONLY one I recommend as it plays every home video I tried). + Music Player/Sound Quality - This model has the regular MUSIC App, which plays by playlists, songs, albums and even folders. Also there is Google Music app is pre-installed in this tablet and does a fine job. However, I installed the FREE app called Rocket Player from the Playstore and love this music player! As for sound quality - The best way to really enjoy music is through a high quality Bluetooth speaker or Bluetooth headset as the sound quality is superb this way and you can walk about your home listening to your music! + OTG USB Compatible - This tablet comes with a free OTG On the Go adapter cable. Just plug in your flash drive and you can copy files to the flash drive so easily or view files that are on the flash drive. *Note that portable external hard drives and portable DVD/CD drives will not work using OTG in this tablet because they require a lot of power. CONS: - Just ONE CON - Wish that the resolution were higher...however I am very happy with the display's colors and readability etc (see pictures).This is the only con I could find personally. However, as I stated above, this is not a deal breaker for me as I find the screen adequate. Bottom line- The price is OK (not cheap) and it is the PERFECT SIZE, LIGHTWEIGHT TO HOLD and I am very happy with the tablet overall as it is peppy, colors vivid and this is a great tablet for reading and internet, etc. However, for me, I really am enjoying this tablet and my true score is 4.4 stars because of the resolution.. If you are looking for a tablet with lots of features and Samsung quality, and do not have to have the very highest resolution, then highly consider this excellent tablet!
R2ZMNP88PO6823	4.0	Very Good Budget Tablet But Screen Resolution May Be a Deal Breaker For Some	95	99	I purchased the 8" Samsung Galaxy Tab A from a different retailer last night as part of a promotion they are offering when trading in a used tablet. My previous tablet was a Nexus 7 2012 that had become almost unusable due to the Lollipop update. Screens were slow, reading a book became tedious because turning pages was too slow and a slew of other complaints too numerous to name. All of this was solved by the Galaxy Tab A. This tablet is not perfect though. The screen resolution is a glaring con, especially coming from a higher end tablet like a Nexus 7. The XGA 1024x768 resolution is very lackluster when considering that most 8" tablet are either 1280x800 or 1920x1200. This is why I can only give the tablet 4 stars instead of 5. When reading books the pixelation of the screen is noticeable, but not so bad as to make it unreadable. I imagine that in a few weeks I won't notice the pixelation as much as I do now. The good news is that this was my only con with the tablet. Leading the list of pros is the implementation of Lollipop on this tablet. The device turns on quickly, the menus are snappy, turning pages is quick with almost no loading and it ran Hearthstone smoothly (caveat: I only launched the game and went through the beginning menus, I didn't play a match). Coming from the crippled Nexus 7, I am more than pleased with how fast this tablet ran. In the end, take this tablet for what it is, a low end budget tablet that runs Lollipop smoothly but has a less than desirable screen resolution. I definitely recommend this to anyone who is in the same situation as I was with an old Nexus 7.
R10VZYFL9J1EC4	4.0	Good except the resolution	75	80	Resolution: similar with iPad 1 and iPad 2 (not the same as iPad Air). However the performance is great. If you still have iPad 3, you will notice that this Tab A is faster than the iPad. Pro: Performance Everything works Battery life -> Good Storage extension via micro sd HD video works "without any skip frame/freeze". Even though the resolution is the same as iPad 1/2 however its still pleasant to watch the video. Cons: Resolution
R3UGYVVAO0GIBO	5.0	Nice Tablet. Tab A compared to Nexus 9	79	85	The tablet is over all great. The Tab A is my wife’s and I have a Nexus 9. I have been playing with the Tab A for a couple weeks now. First, we are not a big techy folks. My wife mainly uses to read, play candy crush, shop and watch programs. I use the tablet mainly for reading, research, watching movies and web browsing. I do some gaming and some productivity. But spec number and all that, I don’t know. I just can tell my opinion on how it works and compare the Tab A to the Nexus 9. General Comments on the Tab A: Pros – 1. Android Lollypop – it is beautiful, simple and efficient. My biggest compliment to Samsung is there modifications of lollypop are minimal and it functions and looks very close to stock Android in the Nexus 9. We have an older Samsung – Tab 2 I believe, and the modifications to Android were so annoying that I have avoided their products. That is not the case with the Tab A – good job to Samsung. 2. Screen Size – the 4:3 screen size (like the Nexus 9 or iPad) is really nice for folks who are not into heavy multimedia use – movies, TV. It is most satisfying for those who do productivity and reading. 3. Battery life is good. 4. It is relatively light and easy to hold in the hands. It feels lighter than the Nexus 9. 5. Good price. 6. Excellent response – no significant lag. Cons: 1. Screen resolution. The resolution is good, again, I am not quoting numbers, but for people who like high definition will be disappointed. If you like a nice screen, but the high def image is not important, you will be satisfied. The colors are good, but the single hair strand clarity on the picture is not there. I will emphasize, the vast majority of uses will be perfectly fine with the resolution. 2. Its feel is not quite as solid as other tablet. Again, the build is good. The screen feels like some polymer versus a glass screen like on the Nexus. It doesn’t feel cheap, but I think to keep it light, lighter materials were used. Compared to the Nexus 9. The Tab A has a 1 inch bigger screen, which is just a great size. It is cheaper and has an expandable slot for more memory. It is also a bit faster than the Nexus. The Nexus has high def clarity with a better picture. It has stock Android and will be the first for upgrades. It feels solid with the gorilla glass screen. The one feature that sets it apart from virtually all other tablets is the front facing speakers, they are awesome. For me, I prefer to Nexus due to the screen resolution, I like hi def, and the front facing speakers. If the Tab A came in an S model with the AMLOD display, which I think is just phenomenal, I would get it because I really like the 9.7 inch size and the speed of the Samsung product. Honestly, if Samsun made a Tab A S Google edition (stock Android) with front facing speakers - it would simply be the finest tablet in the market. I think for the majority of uses, this tablet is awesome. It is especially suited for those into productivity and reading. This is a 5 star product due to the features and price.
R3UXF5ZUBVNZNE	5.0	Finally a truly impressive Android tablet with great battery life!	41	45	I have owned an iPad 2 for years and it has served me well. However after years of use it seems to have started running much slower than it used to. I have wanted to upgrade to the newest iPad but they cost a small fortune and I don't really have that much money to drop on an iPad. Android tablets are much cheaper and I have tried several different models. They are much different to use than the iPad that I have used for so many years but I am open to new things. I have used several different types and even a couple windows tablets. Some of them have been pretty good but every single one of them have poor battery life in my opinion. I think part of it is that I am used to the large iPad battery but I want a tablet that I can use all day without having to worry about the battery dying. This Samsung Galaxy tablet has a really good battery inside that has solved my one biggest problem. With most Android tablets it's dead after about 2-3 hours of use if not sooner but I can use this tablet all day and not have to charge it until bedtime. Another problem I had in the past with Android tablets is if you charge them and let them sit unused the battery will drain very quickly. Usually within several days the battery is fully depleted. Again that is not the case with this tablet. I recently took a week long vacation and the battery was just fine with I returned and tried to use it. After over a week the battery level only dropped a couple % points. I would consider the battery life with this tablet very similar to what I am used to with the iPad. This tablet has a 8 inch screen that is very similar to the size of an iPad mini. You can also purchase a larger 9.7 inch version if you want but the 8 inch screen is a good size for me. It's large enough to see everything easily but it's smaller, more lightweight and easier to carry around than my iPad. The screen display resolution is 1024 x 768 XGA which is pretty good but short of amazing. It has the same resolution as my iPad 2 but it doesn't compared to the newest iPad that has a resolution that is about twice as good. Also keep in mind that it costs far more than this tablet. The screen also has a lighting sensor that will adjust your screen bright for optimal viewing that depends on the lighting in your location. It has 16GB of internal flash memory and you can easily expand it by inserting a micro SD card. I would suggest purchasing a good quality and high speed card for best results. You can expand it with up to an 128GB memory card for a ton of storage. You can get micro SD cards fairly cheaply anymore so you can expand your storage as needed which is awesome. It also has 1.5GB of memory so it can multitask and run lots of apps at the same time without running out of memory. It operates on the Android Lollipop 5.0 operating system and it runs on a quad-core processor that keeps it running fast. Whether it's surfing the internet, watching videos, downloading apps, streaming music or playing games it's really quite fast. I has both a front and a back camera for taking pictures and video. The front camera can take up to 2 megapixels and the rear camera can take up to 5 megapixels. It takes good quality pictures and video in the bright light. However the darker it is the poorer quality you pictures or video will be because you don't have external lighting or a flash of any sort. There is a built-in speaker at the bottom for your audio. The sound quality is pretty good but I don't care much for the location of the speaker. My hands tend to cover it up while playing games and the sound is muffled. It's not a big deal because I just changed how I hold it but it seems like the positioning wasn't the best for the speaker. If you have young kids that like to share your tablet then it gives you the ability to set them up with a special login where that can't access your personal files and settings. Sometimes it can be hard to tell kids no but at least you can keep them from messing up your stuff. It comes with the Microsoft office suite and a 2 year long subscription to OneDrive so you can save all your important documents, pictures and videos to the cloud for safe keeping. The size of this tablet makes it easy to carry and it's not as heavy as I am used to. There is a wide variety of different cases available for it and I would suggest getting a case right away to protect your investment. This tablet includes a USB cable and a wall adapter so you can charge it from an electrical plug or any powered USB port. They also include a quick start guide but the on screen prompts are really all that is needed to get you started. Just plug it in and turn it on and it will walk you through the entire process. Overall I really love this tablet. It's not the most technologically advanced tablet out there because there are tablets with better screen resolution or a better camera or more storage or even all of the above. However you have to take price into consideration. Sure if you want to pay 4 times the amount of this tablet you can get a few more options but this tablet has a huge amount to offer at a very affordable price. I think that is the real selling point of this tablet. It's very good quality and runs fast. It can do all that I want for the most part and the price tag doesn't send me into shock. Based on my experience with this tablet I would highly recommend it.
R1EK5DQOX18ZPS	5.0	My new favorite tablet	31	33	Okay so this tablet doesn't have the best resolution and it's not the fastest thing in the world. But it's the closest thing to an Apple android hybrid so far. It's as easy to use as a iPad but with all the freedom you get from an android tablet , The lollipop OS is the best operating system I've used .
R3BIWN36C6BH1X	3.0	good basic tablet but needs a lot of improvement	29	32	i have an ipad mini im sick of sliding to unlock it but overall its a god tablet, i recently bough the TAB A 8.0 much faster then the ipad mini its very light im sure it will shatter if you drop it but you will have to buy a supcase and a tempred glass to maximize the protection, screen resolution not really an issue for me but yes could have been better, internal storage is a joke 16gb not enough yeah i know you can insert a micro sd card and if you are planning to load bunch of games you must root it and then install foldermount in order to move apps and data to sd card be aware that not all apps and data can be moved to sd card ,stop the auto updates they eat lots of space and remove/delete/uninstall apps you not going to use. one speaker really not loud enough, case connector really bad idea camera not better then ipad ok well i wish samsung would work on improving with its tablet and not just about the budget friendly but with the OS as well need... better screen resolution more internal space easiest way to move apps and data to sd card (so we wont have to deal with rooting) camera Mps 10-12-16 on either from or back quality of material plastic is cheap, carbon fiber or metal is better 1 speaker? how about 4? OS lollipop its ok, how abut a much better candy? now i cant say dont buy it because its still a nice basic tablet for the price and performance if you buy it make sure you get the supcase and tempered glass
R3PI0KB3SNGS2	3.0	then you might forget the fact that your screen sucks, but if you do and switch back & ...	47	54	The display on this has the same resolution as the Galaxy Tab 3 ($99) or the iPad 1. If you have no other devices (e.g., cell phone or laptop), then you might forget the fact that your screen sucks, but if you do and switch back & forth between them, then you will realize it every time you use it, and after a couple of weeks when the novelty wears off, you will likely regret buying this. I would comment on the other features (all of which are very good) but I can't get past the fact that Samsung had the gonads to release a tablet in 2015 with 1024x768 resolution, and charge a midrange price for it no less. No wonder Samsung released no press on this (& very little info online).
R3AP2HYD3QEVSE	4.0	SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB "A" 8"	34	39	I recently upgraded from a rather low-end Dell 7" Venue tablet to this Samsung 8" model. The differences are quite striking. First of all, it doesn't seem like Samsung makes anything low-end. The Tab A is packed with features, speed and plenty of memory. Not to mention screen size. The tablet's quad core CPU and generous 16GB of memory runs circles around every other tablet I have owned. My favorite feature about the Tab A is its responsiveness. There is no CPU lag, even on the most demanding applications. You can stream videos in full HD with no slowing down or buffering. The touch screen itself is also quite responsive. You barely need to touch the screen for the Tab to switch to the next application or turn to the next page. If I had to choose a single word to describe this tablet, it would be "snappy". The display itself is extremely bright and easy to read. Using the built-in Amazon Kindle app I was able to load up my account and delve straight into the last book I was reading, which looked noticeably more crisp than it did on my last tablet. Turning OFF the adaptive brightness made viewing much easier and the display much brighter. Keeping that feature on makes the display seem quite dull and dark most of the time. There may not be any lag when watching HD videos, but the video itself does seem a bit washed out and fuzzy. I tried watching a number of videos on the Galaxy A Tab, and they all pretty much looked the same. If you are running apps or just reading, the video resolution is no problem, but if you are buying an 8" tablet to watch movies on you may be a bit disappointed in this model's performance. My last comment is on the usual bloatware built-in to most Android devices these days. There are a number of apps that come bundled on the Galaxy A Tab that you probably will never use, but nonetheless take up plenty of space and memory. You may be able to disable them, but it is utterly impossible to delete them as Android will replace them with "upgrades" in the background every time it syncs to Android Play. To say this is annoying is putting it mildly. Pretty much every app that Google has ever made comes pre-installed on the device along with a number by Samsung. Other than Chrome and Google Search I did not find many of them useful. All in all, the Galaxy Tab A is great as a reader and for running most apps. As a platform for streaming video it falls a bit flat though.
R2F6ICJX1PV0TQ	5.0	Great tablet. Difference between this one and the more ...	15	15	Great tablet. Difference between this one and the more expensive Galaxy (and iPad) is screen resolution. I'm sure there are those out there who can pick out the difference. Maybe they're running different apps than I am. But I've had this tablet side-by-side with the latest iPad and I hardly if at all notice a difference in screen resolution.
R2PDOI497JI115	5.0	LOVE! 8" Titanium	11	11	I've had this tablet about a week now and I LOVE IT! I purchsed from another in store retailer. I've had multiple Kindle Fire/HD models, Fuhu android tablets (nabis), current phone is an Apple, and while I've never owned an iPad many of my family members in my home do, so I've used them. I'm not going to bore you with specs because they're already listed, and many reviewers have also elaborated. I will say many people complain about the low screen resolution. While the specs are lower than comparable tablets- I do NOT even notice. Seriously, unless you have hawk eyes it's really not a big deal. I wonder what they are looking for or expect from a tablet viewing experience. I've been streaming vids from various streaming apps, cable apps, and Amazon video- all look just fine to me. I haven't gone back to my Kindle Fire HD 2012 7" since I purchased this! And I watch/ download/ stream a couple hours of shows every single day. LOVE! I will also say the WiFi where I am is not the greatest- all of the other mentioned devices in my home constantly drop and buffer and cannot connect in certain parts of my home; after a week of daily use, this thing has not once buffered or dropped the streaming. So, when compared to about 5 other devices (even the iPad- gasp)! this tablet is far superior in keeping the WiFi signal. Battery life is insane. I haven't timed it to know exactly, but I do know it lasts forever. Especially in sleep/ stand-by mode- YAY! I can easily get a day of moderate useage and then some. Sound is good, not great. But, it has only one speaker so that took me some getting used to as opposed to my previous double speakers. But- again- it serves the purpose and works just fine. Can hear all vids and music just great. The split screens is cool! I like being able to multitask and web browse or social media WHILE also checking my email on the screen at the same time- no need to close out an app. Not all apps have this function but most do. You can also have a "floating" app and drag it around on the screen while muslitasking in the background or in another app (on most apps). Using a bluetooth keyboard right now to type this review on the tablet. Connects just perfect and no dropping the signal. It is SPEEDY- never loads, drags, freezes, or pauses. win win win. Swipes seamlessly and flawlessly and opens all apps immediately- no pausing. Feels sleek and good in the hands. I think this is the perfect size, for me at least. :) Small enough to be portable comfortably but big enough to see and do what I need to do on it. I purchased the Platnium PT folio from Best Buy and it fits like a glove. It also wakes/ sleeps the tablet when the folio is opened and closed. Nice! http://www.bestbuy.com/site/platinum-folio-case-for-samsung-galaxy-tab-a-8-0-black/6732054.p?id=1219668749768&skuId=6732054 Lollipop OS is great. No complaints. Nice to see that most Android apps can now be moved and stored to your external SD card, saving your valuable internal storage and giving you much more storage. The included "kid mode" is a great addition and I feel comfortable handing my Samsung over to my children knowing they are only using their parent approved apps, cannot make purchases, or mess with settings. Comes with Microsoft Office Apps included. Front and rear cameras work great. I use this tablet for web browsing, email, and social media mostly. After owning Apple products and other androids, this was my first Samsung. I think I'm a Samsunger for life now! Highly recommend, and for the price it's just silly to buy an iPad when this is the same or better, for half the price! This is nearly the same size as the iPad mini, which my husband has. They look almost identical at first glance side by side. I'll update if I think of anything to add. Feel free to ask questions and I'll do my best to answer. I'm very pleased with this purchase!
R2R4Y6YSFPNSXC	5.0	The price is right on this one	19	22	I bought this tablet knowing its not going to perform as well as the Galaxy Tab S2 or the iPad air and that this tablet only has a screen resolution if 1024 by 768 but that does not mean this tablet is a bad buy. I love this tablet I cant say it enough. This is my second Android tablet within 3 years and I am very very happy with. It does everything I need it to do without it slowing down or giving me any problems. I love how Samsung has really optimized touchwiz ( The user interface ). Touchwiz works very fast, looks clean and looks nice to. I honestly like Touchwiz more then stock Android. Samsung also did not install much bloatware on the tablet if anything the things that came installed I actually use! One of the things that came installed is called SMART MANAGER which is a application that tells you how much memory you have free, how much free space you have, how much battery is left and security software. Really cool how Samsung made this software to give the user good information about the device. The other software that was installed was the basic google apps like gmail, chrome, play books, ect. Microsoft office also came installed on the tablet which is great because its the full microsoft office so I can edit documents and create documents. Even though I dont use office on my tablets its nice to have just in case I do need to check a word document. This tablet I bought does have the pen with it but I cant really say anything about the pen since I did buy a otterbox for my tablet on day one and the otterbox I bought does not have a flap for the pen unfortunately but the main reason I bought the tablet with the pen is that it comes with 2GB of ram instead of 1.5 GB of ram. I think since the tablet I bought does have 2GB ram that it will help it to last longer since it has a good amount of memory. My tablet also has 16 GB internal memory which is ok but I wish it would of had at least 32 GB memory. Its not enough to make me regret buying it because it does have a SD card slot able to take up to 128 GB and the tablet performs very fast and fluid overall. I did buy a 64 GB samsung evo micros SD card for the tablet, it works as its suppose to. The SD card only cost me $20.00!! Wow thats a great price. I know a good amount of information about computers in general I remember when 16 GB micro SD cards were like $15.00 and now you can buy a 64 GB micro SD cards for $20.00. Anyways the Galaxy tab A 9.7 inch tablet I bought has not given me any problems so far I have had it for almost 3 weeks its been working wonders. Like I said earlier the screen resolution isnt the best but if you think about it like I did. Your getting a 9.7 inch tablet with 2GB ram, a fast quad core processor, decent cameras, bright screen, duel speakers that sound good, amazing battery life, (almost as good as the iPads battery) and something that is pretty light. Its not the lightest tablet or the fastest tablet but for the price you are paying I think its a reasonable price. I really like the 4:3 screen ratio much more then the 16:10 screen ratio like the galaxy tab 4 10.1 inch. The 4:3 screen ratio is great for tablets because it dont feel awkward when I hold my tablet vertically or horizontally whereas the galaxy tab 4 10.1 inch feels weird holding it vertically. The batter life on here is great. With a full charge and casual use I easily get 2 days even 3 if I dont watch much videos. I mainly use the tablet to go online, check my bank, watch youtube and play a few games here and there. I have used this tablet to take some pictures. The pictures dont come out great but they are fine with a good amount of light, I am fine with that because it is a tablet so I dont expect the cameras to compete with my iPhones camera. Overall I am so happy I bought this tablet. This is my second Android tablet I have had. I am someone who mainly uses Apple devices. I am impressed with the overall usability of this tablet. I think it is a much better value then the iPad air since you can expand the storage and you dont have to spend $500.00 on something that ONLY has 16 GB of storage that you CANT expand. Dont get me wrong I do like Apple a ton and will still be buying Apple devices but I am now more interested in Android devices now then I was a year ago. Sure this tablet isnt made out of nice aluminum BUT that dont mean this tablet is cheaply made either. The plastic they use feels nice and sturdy and it dont dent or scratch like aluminum. Below I will list the positives and negatives about this tablet and weather I think its a good buy. Things I like 1. Screen ratio is a 4:3 ratio 2. Great battery life (about 10 hours of real use) 3. SD card slot, 2GB ram (Only 2GB ram with S Pen model!) 4. Nice build quality for the price 5. Touchwiz defiantly has improved 6. Very little bloatware if any 7. Nice loud decent duel speakers Things I dont like 1. Only 16GB internal storage 2. Sometimes it can be hard to read small text 3. Uses micro usb to charge instead of usb c 4. The only color that uses the S Pen is brown Conclusion This tablet is a great tablet for the price. No you may not be getting something as fast as a iPad air 2 or something that uses aluminum but the things you are getting out of this tablet is usability. The user interface looks great it feels very fast and physically looks nice to. The apps that come preinstalled are good apps that normal people use, they are apps that are well known. Its no slouch by any means, your getting something that has a good build quality with mid range specs for a good price. The one thing I am not so sure about is Samsung Knox. If someone could please tell me what it is and if its a good idea to activate it I would appreciate it:) P.S. The otterbox for this tablet is great. Even though it does not have a flap for the S Pen I like knowing that my investment will be protected for a long time. The otterbox is made out of nice material that feels good to hold in the hand for long periods of time.
R7IWRZA3E5AW0	5.0	Great Product	35	43	The resolution on this tablet is outstanding. It comes in two screen sizes - the 9.7 and an 8 inch. The primary difference between the two models is about $70 for a larger screen, but both have outstanding features. With Samsung SideSync 3.0 and Quick Connect™, you can share content and work effortlessly between your Samsung tablet, smartphone and personal computer so using one device or another just got easier. Personally, I love this feature. While the battery will last 12 hours without a recharge, do you really want your kids on your tablet for that long? I don't, so love that it comes with Kids Mode, which allows some parental control, but also provides parental peace of mind while providing a colorful, engaging place for kids to play because I can easily manage what my kids access and how long use it. At the same time, there's a feature that keeps all my own documents private. This feature is not loaded when you get your tablet, but is available for free from Samsung Galaxy Essentials™ and I highly recommend any parent get it because it provides that level of security that kids need when accessing an on-line world. There is also an ultra power saving mode that will identify and turn off apps when the battery power is low. Everyone can have a separate and secure logon - another feature that protects your documents from accidental deletion by one of your kids (or in my case, my husband, who seems to be quite efficient at accidentally deleting any computer document from any computer device, but that's a story for another day. There's a free download available for Microsoft Office, but I haven't done that because with SideSync I just sync to one of my other devices. I do look for this feature on any device. I don't want a tablet that can only be used for reading things. The Tab A has both a front facing (for those all important selfies) and a rear facing camera. So if you take this to one of your kids' games or practices, you can capture moments as well as enjoy reading a book while you wait. Switch easily between camera and video mode and you will absolutely love the built in autofocus function. It has a manual on-line, but you may not need it at all if you have used other Samsung products because the Android operating system and the features of the Tab A are very similar to the other Samsung products. Although I used it once, I downloaded it onto my computer where I could read it and manipulate the tablet while I sat in front of my computer screen. Book covers and travel chargers are available at extra cost. My daughter, however, told me not to buy a Samsung cover because it was boring and urged me to seek a more glam option that she would love. So far - we have no cover and I'm happy with it.
RQ8TRQGZNJ3WY	4.0	love this tab despite resolution	15	17	I brought this tab when another retailer had a trade in deal, going in i knew it had a lower resolution, but i find with brightness turn up the screen is nice and good colors , and has great dark contrast ( yes i own the galaxy tab 8.4 s i brought here in amazon ) I find i like this tablet better, not much bloatware and the 4.3 ratio great for websites. This tablet is not a tablet samsung put to compete with any other tablet, so cool down guys, this is released as a family tablet, one you can check emails , browse the web and hand to your kids to play with( yes kids dont care for resolution ) samsung market this correctly...thats alll it is a family tablet....with multi user and private mode its a tablet all can share....beats letting my kid break the ipad.I love this tablet so much better than my galaxy tab 8.4 S....but if you need high resolution , this is not for you....but iI find the display to be great, plays hd videos beatiful,and its fast enough when browsing with almost zero lag...... When it comes to displays , resolution isnt everything what really matters is the quality of display, that why samsung can use a lower display because no one can match there display qualty( even apple use to use samsung displays ) its not high resoution but it wasnt meant to be) samsung well job done. This refers to the 8 in size, the 9.7 size resolution be a problem, not so much on the 8 in YOUTUBE VIEWING...make sure when watching youtube that you change the quality to 720, lot of the videos play at 480, just click on the 3 dots on top right, than hit quality , change to 720....now no more blury video , nice and sharp., looks great....
R3DUS6E1KHWE4J	5.0	All around great improvement over the last generation KitKat based Samsung and Nexus	32	40	This is a very nice clean upgrade to the tablets. It runs Lollipop very very well and is fast. Bought my wife the older 10" Samsung and this is faster, thinner, cheaper and better in all way. Although it seems amazingly thin it is still solid. It has the faster new WiFi as well (AC rather than N or Dual-Band). I am getting about 100Mbps down and upload speeds with it while N will do about half that. My Chromebook will do 200 but this is just fine.. The one downside of this newer tablet is that the screen resolution is noticeable in not being so dense as other tablets. My Nexus10 is amazing how small the font can be set. With this only being 1024x768 the font is either clipped or has to be set larger with web pages. I believe the "S" model is much better but double the price. The Nexus10 is about 4x the resolution. The Nexus10 runs Lollipop well but not the Nexus7. I used this at a local free WiFi drop (Starbucks/Google) comparing it to the older tablets. It loads web pages almost instantly and had no issues streaming live TV and DVR recordings off my home network. No issues at all. This was about a 9Mbps connection. Much faster than Nexus7. If you have been waiting to upgrade an old tablet (in my case a Nexus 7 that limped once given Lollipop to suck on) this is the time. Get one now! Note this is the 4:3 old TV format, so it is better for reading potentially. All around tablets are gaining in leaps and this is a big one.
R39B5LRNIQRUGS	5.0	Great tablet, don't listen to the whiners about the resolution..	8	8	I love this tablet. Being a Samsung regular customer I figured I'd try this tablet. Love everything about it. I've read other reviewers whining about the resolution, but I have yet to see an issue... I watch Netflix, Amazon movies, news clips, etc. without any problems, never once having a resolution problem. For $200 this purchase was a no brainer for me... I highly recommend this tablet
R20X2HIWNO0D05	4.0	If you can settle with the resolution you have a great tablet on your hands.	7	7	Let's get it out of the way... The 720p resolution is the Achilles heel of this great device. The colors are nice and vibrant but often time text and icons seem, in one word, fuzzy. That being said, if you want an alternative to the iPad Mini without the cost you have a winner with this one. Sure, it's made of plastic and not the aluminum but throw a case on this tablet and it looks almost identical to the iPad Mini! Without drawn out paragraphs I will bullet point the pros and cons I have a week in to using this tablet. Pros: - Sturdy build - Great battery - Decent speakers - No lag - Expandable memory - Great WiFi connection Cons: - Screen resolution - The capacitive buttons should be backlit All in all... The only con I do have with this tablet is it's screen resolution. For $200 I can certainly live with that!!
R2V03R7A1MRGD6	4.0	it is awesome. Super fast	7	7	Bought it for wife as a replacement for her first gen iPad. Compared to the first gen iPad, it is awesome. Super fast, rarely if ever crashes, has all of the apps she used on the original iPad. This was a very good value for the price. She loves it and uses it daily. (I should note that this tablet is not used for 'heavy lifting'. Mainly for general internet browsing and life-organization: contacts, calendar, email, photos. For those purposes, it is a fine tablet. Samsung really makes nice hardware.)
R3SI7X5GEXHWHI	4.0	GREAT Tablet!	9	10	SUMMERY: This is a great product! I love my iPad and apple products, but this is great substitute for those who are looking to try something different. Android is great OS with a small learning curve, but it does allow a lot more customization. The best part about this tablet is you can expand the memory up to 128 GB with a microSD card which will run you between 30 - 50 dollars! SCREEN RESOLUTION: There are so many reviews with the scree being low resolution or dim? Well I am a Professional Graphic Designer, this tablet screen is FINE, for those who plan on using it to watch movies, read books, surf the web, and play some basic games! For the majority of buyers, this product will work perfect for you if you plan on reading books, watching movies, streaming media, etc. For those who think you are actually going to do heavy work load on a tablet then yes, this probably wouldn't be the best choice, BUT honestly who is going to try to do any professional hardcore design work on a tablet? Any serious designer would work on their laptop! The only time we use a tablet is for a quick draft up or something simple, which the Tab A is fine for. BATTERY: The Tab A has an amazing battery, I have my brightness set at just under 50% (I don't like to have a blinding screen) and I've been using it for almost a week now and still have over 40% left. I've used it every day for news, social media, and streaming, and installation of apps. I also watch a movie via KODI media player for about an hour and noticed the battery only drained about 6%. So overall I think this tablet has a great battery! AMAZON: I just wanted to ad a note about Amazon Customer service for being Amazing! I give them 10 stars our 5 stars! I am a prime member and was suppose to receive this tablet via USPS on veterans day, after contacted the local post office to make sure that they deliver amazon prime on federally holidays, they confirmed that they did. Well USPS failed to deliver the product, the reason being is that I had an invalid shipping address, and please contact Amazon for further instructions. After speaking a with a rep from Amazon Corporate, and when I told him that I haven't been receiving any Sunday packages on time either, he realized something must wrong. I'll spare the the gory details, the Amazon rep called me back later that afternoon, and said they are in the process of dealing with USPS on this matter, but in the mean time the would like to make things right with me, so the comped my entire order. Yes you heard me right Amazon gave me the Tablet, Case, and Protective screen protector for FREE, for the hassle I had to go through! Amazon has amazing customer service, and they will do what it takes to keep their customers happy, you can't find many companies out there that will go to extreme measure for their clients.
R3SXP02FLUJGU0	3.0	Consider it ONLY for the S-Pen	9	10	I bought the Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 because I had to. Samsung ruined my previous tablet, the excellent Samsung Galaxy Note 8, when their Android KitKat update for the tablet irrecovably damaged its S-Pen function. I'll state here that the ONLY reason I considered and purchased the Galaxy Tab A 9.7 is because of its S-Pen. I sketch and write on my tablet and prefer a stylus over my fingertip for those tasks. Having used considerably more expensive pen-enabled tablets from Wacom and Microsoft, I found Samsung' S-Pen is the best stylus implementation currently available available. If having a stylus matters to you, and assuming Android sufficiently meets your needs, the Galaxy Tab A 9.7 may well be the only tablet you can consider. If you don't want or need the Galaxy Tab A 9.7's stylus, then definitely consider another tablet. Here's why: 1. The Galaxy Tab A 9.7's screen is too low resolution for its size. I don't know why Samsung chose to equip this tablet with a larger lower resolution screen than its predecessor, the Galaxy Note 8, but it's certainly not something I appreciate nor enjoy. Text and graphics do appear "fuzzier", especially when viewing smaller content, ie. "pinching in" to view a full page. 2. The touch screen buttons on the Galaxy Tab A 9.7 don't light up. Anyone who's ever owned a Samsung tablet or phone will find this INCREDIBLY frustrating. The Back and Recent App buttons on either side of the Home button are crucial operating elements in Android and must be easily visible and readily accessible at all times! The tablet's buttons are barely discernable under good ambient light, let alone when/where it's dim or dark. 3. The Galaxy Tab A 9.7 lacks hepatic feedback or vibration notification. Considering how common and useful these features are on far less expensive Android tablets, including (no less) Samsung's own tablets, this omission is both inexplicable and inexcusable. 4. Lastly, but certainly not least, the Galaxy Tab A 9.7, even with its S-Pen, is far too expensive given its shortcomings - period! Beyond these fairly significant drawbacks, and S-Pen considerations notwithstanding, the Galaxy Tab A 9.7 is reasonably sufficient in terms of its performance and memory. It's also worth mentioning that tablet's battery life is excellent and that the tablet is remarkably thin and light. Samsung cites Android 5 as one of the tablet's benefits. Considering the features they didn't include, I suppose we should be grateful for it.
RBS8LADGPKVQY	5.0	Great tablet!	13	15	Great product. Plenty of ram for my needs, perfect screen size, solid build, plus I like the 4:3 ratio better than the other Samsung tablets. Some people wrote on here that the camera doesn't have enough megapixels. I say if you're using your tablet to take pictures you might as well wear a shirt that says I'm a douchbag.
R22SV5UHQM6EFM	3.0	Not good for TV casting/mirroring (e.g. Google Chromecast), nor reading	6	6	The tablet screen resolution is insufficient, and the content will be cast to only a partial area of your TV screen. At least this is the case with Google Chromecast. The cast resolution on the TV is the same as that on the tablet, which is 1024 x 768. This is not even enough for 720p HD which specifies a resolution of 1280 x 720. It certainly would be a problem for 1080p HDTV that has 1920 x 1080, not to even mention the newer 4K panels. The low screen resolution of this tablet is also a problem for reading. If you are watching videos on the screen, you can hardly notice any resolution issue. Human eyes simply aren't that sensitive toward ultrahigh resolution on a moving screen. If you view static photos, the difference becomes more noticeable, although you may still not notice the difference unless compared side-by-side. But if you read texts, the pixelation is very noticeable. For some reason, human eyes are much more sensitive when reading text than viewing images. Other than these shortcomings, this seems to be a quite good product. Fast and responsive. Build quality and screen quality are very high.
R31R8QRAKP0BI7	5.0	Really nice tablet. I'm happy! Hell yea!	8	9	This tablet has proven to be really nice and a great purchase. The speed and beauty are not diminished by the resolution. I hate to disagree with the resolution naysayers but I will anyway. I am not sorry I bought this tablet. Its really thin, light, looks cool and has done everything I have asked. I have an Ipad Air 2 and I like this better. To me it's easier to use. Plug it into your computer and its a hard drive you can copy files to. I have launched apps, played music and movies. It does these things admirably! Update 8/14/2015 I really enjoy movies and games on this tablet. It's fast and has a beautiful screen. I'm so glad I got it. Goofed with one click ordering on Amazon and ordered my 9.7 GTA instead of placing it on my Christmas wish list. When I got this I had a HP Touchpad and a Motorola Xoom. In came the GTA with all of the gloom and doom of resolution. I must say that this little tablet did a number of things for me. It plays the movies that my Touchpad did faithfully but has the storage capacity I had with the Xoom. It plays games that the Xoom just didn't have the horse power to play. I have all the games I loved on my Touchpad on my GTA. It's thin and light. The battery life is awesome. So The Touchpad and The Xoom went to Goodwill with all my accessories for the devices. I have an IPAD Air 2 and I like this better. Music, movies, games, and alot more are just too cool on my Galaxy Tab A. I'm glad I goofed and that my wife was so cool about my goof. She also suggested I get a case. What a woman!
R2AMRI4EXMGWJ2	5.0	Great Product	8	9	Been using the tablet for a few days now. Very happy with purchase. Was considering a Galaxy Tab S2 with the higher screen resolution but this Tab A suits my purchase and was much cheaper. My main purpose is word processing, web browsing, email, Facebook, Twitter, and some casual video on Youtube. The tablet isn't being used to watch HD movies or TV shows. As some other reviewers have noted, small font on the Tab A isn't quite as clear as the Tab S2 but it is fine for me and suspect fine for most folks. If I didn't read about the minor small font issue, I wouldn't have noticed. The tablet seems to respond very fast to every action. So far, I'm very pleased with saving money with this Tab A 9.7 compared with the more expensive Tab S2. The battery life on the Tab A is much better than the Tab S2. Yes, it is heavier but a few extra ounces is not a problem for me. If you do much typing, I'd highly suggest a Bluetooth keyboard. I'm typing on a Fintie Bluetooth keyboard (and cover) now and highly recommend it (see separate review of that product). It's like typing on a desktop keyboard. Great keyboard action and response.
R3DQCQNA0BNSS1	5.0	Surprise and Amazed	11	13	I purchased this at best buy. I was a bit weary with the negative reviews in reference to the screen resolution, I also own a galaxy tab 4, but I when ahead and purchased it anyway. I was very surprise and amazed. The difference is very minimal, the Tab A is fast, lollipop runs very smooth. I was able to configured it in less than 45 mins. The sound is clear and loud. The videos plays flawlessly. I am glad I when ahead and purchased it.
RUKWK2EYYKWAE	5.0	By far the best yet. Ease of operation and price are terrific	6	6	This is probably my 4th generation Galaxy Tab. By far the best yet.Ease of operation and price are terrific. If you don't need all the bells and whistles and aren't into apple product, this Tab is for you.
R1V99IZTA4Z6QC	5.0	A great budget tablet for senior citizens.	5	5	I bought this tablet yesterday. I was looking at an iPad and the iPad I would have to use because I save all my music and books normally on an SD card, I would have had to purchase the $500 iPad. IPad is not in my budget. So I purchased this tablet As I am very familiar with Google Apps and I enjoy looking at magazines and with some adjustment I can read novels very comfortably. The movies are fantastic but I can see problems if you pull up a picture from Facebook. The picture will be grainy but I didn't buy it for that reason. For the price and what I needed it to do this is a perfect tablet As for the resolution and reading a book, you can adjust it for reading in settings and also there are apps that will help with the blue light peoblem. Netflix movies are wonderful on this large screen.
R1J6F9HD0TQX6I	5.0	this thing is FANTASTIC! The speed the resolution all the features meet ...	5	5	I purchased this as my second ever tablet this year, I know I'm a little behind the times. Anywho, this thing is FANTASTIC ! The speed the resolution all the features meet my expectations for the intended use. I got it a little cheaper at a Club store, by not much. I wanted it now and didn't want to wait for delivery.Having a blast with it, love Chromecast from the couch with Netflix. So easy to use and set up.If you are looking for a GREAT tablet with great features and price.....this is your choice !! OMG, I forgot to mention it has Microsoft Word / Excel / Power Point/and Cloud. How can you not love this thing...THANK YOU Samsung for making a GREAT product.
RLDA9M1PDTVPB	5.0	I liked the white casing on this one	5	5	i ordered the samsung Galaxy tav a 9.7 because i was looking for something to work on while sitting in my chair in the living room at night watching tv. I looked at this brand as well as the Ipad air. They both looked eqivalent to each other, and i really think it is a persons preference. I liked the white casing on this one,it has a full picture, the Ipad air had a 1 inch boarder around the screen. Also the upgrade on the samsung is cheaper then the Ipad. All and all i love the samsung and would purchase another if I had to.
R1EWSDXLMLFNNH	5.0	It seems pretty good!	6	6	Had heard things about average resolution....but I didn't think so....It seems pretty good!!
R1WK58CF6F65A5	5.0	Great tablet.	12	15	The resolution on this tablet is outstanding. It comes in two screen sizes - the 9.7 and an 8 inch. If you are really going to be reading, the larger screen is better. Another reason to buy the larger screen version is that you can open two applications at the same time so it is easy to check your calendar, check your e-mail or social media page. With Samsung SideSync 3.0 and Quick Connect™, you can share content and work effortlessly between your Samsung tablet, smartphone and personal computer so using one device or another just got easier. Personally, I love this feature. While the battery will last 12 hours without a recharge, do you really want your kids on your tablet for that long? I don't, so love that it comes with Kids Mode, which allows some parental control, but also provides parental peace of mind while providing a colorful, engaging place for kids to play because I can easily manage what my kids access and how long use it. At the same time, there's a feature that keeps all my own documents private. This feature is not loaded when you get your tablet, but is available for free from Samsung Galaxy Essentials™ and I highly recommend any parent get it because it provides that level of security that kids need when accessing an on-line world. There is also an ultra power saving mode that will identify and turn off apps when the battery power is low. Everyone can have a separate and secure logon - another feature that protects your documents from accidental deletion by one of your kids (or in my case, my husband, who seems to be quite efficient at accidentally deleting any computer document from any computer device, but that's a story for another day. There's a free download available for Microsoft Office, but I haven't done that because with SideSync I just sync to one of my other devices. I always look for this feature because I do not want a tablet just for reading. There are times when you need to work and didn't expect to have to do so. The Tab A has both a front facing (for those all important selfies) and a rear facing camera. So if you take this to one of your kids' games or practices, you can capture moments as well as enjoy reading a book while you wait. Switch easily between camera and video mode and you will absolutely love the built in autofocus function. Book covers and travel chargers are available at extra cost. My daughter, however, told me not to buy a Samsung cover because it was boring and urged me to seek a more glam option that she would love. So far - we have no cover and I'm happy with it. A manual is available on-line, but I found this tablet to be easy to use with its Android operating system.
R2WS8HAI4CVKZX	5.0	How do they do it.	5	5	I've had it for a week now. And really pleased with the galaxy tab A. We bought the 8" pro last year & was so thrilled. So when it came to replacing my 10" acer, I just had to have this one. It's fast. The 4x3 is viewing superbly. I'm just amazed at how long the battery is lasting. Don't forget to purchase a case. I'm really pleased with the ProCase Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 Case.
RAK63BM9R1V3P	5.0	Nice Tablet for My Basic Needs!	4	4	I like this tablet. Yes, it is not the very best display out there and yes, it only has 16 GB storage on board..but at $180.00 (used, in perfect cond.), I like it...A LOT! I just could not spend $400+ on a tablet. I could not do it. Luckily, I found this one used. I have had laptops/desktops, android phones, but this is my first tablet. 9.7 is much better size than 10.1 IMHO. I plan to use it in general: web browsing, recipe hunting for the holidays, some Candy Crush maybe, and streaming music to my new Bose Sound Touch 10 (Wifi & BT) speakers. I could not spend $400 on one speaker either like you do for most Bose stuff.... (so, i spent $380 on two. I have some standards :) hey 'cuse me.... off topic..I know.... I gotta watch the number of apps loaded on the device, no downloading of War and Peace, and maybe get a micro sd card for add'l storage but so far so good. (okay, it has only been 8 hours since I received it. :) Set up was a breeze..just logged into existing google and also samsung accounts. I also waited for the system update and updates of the loaded apps. The result was less than 9 GB storage remaining. Response times are still good using Chrome for web browsing and a few apps including Bose' Controller app (which needs some work), and tweeking the settings. For my needs, this tablet is a great solution... the display is adequate and I have a workaround for the limited storage. Also, I would definitely buy from this seller again. The advertised product was exactly what I received. Hopefully, I don't cause trouble by including his name here: Issac Walters. I look forward to more of his "Used - like New" products. I'll supply an update if things drastically go wrong but I think I'm good!
R2EVMZIUSQA4EB	4.0	Galaxy Tab A vs iPad Air 1	4	4	I own an iPad Air 1 and recently purchased this Galaxy Tab A 9.7 as a second tablet for a heavy tablet-using household (2 kids + me). I own an Android phone and thought an Android tablet would be a nice complement in terms of purchased apps and photo backups, etc. Overall, I am satisfied with this tablet. Compared to the iPad, I can say this tablet's processor is slower, not slow, mind you, just takes slightly longer than the iPad to load apps. People talk about the resolution being bad, but honestly, I am fine with the resolution of this tablet. Most apps look the same to me as the iPad, and reading is fine for me too. Weight, size, thickness, etc are pretty much identical as the iPad. Battery life on this tablet is just better than the iPad, period. I'd say battery life is one absolutely clear area this tab beats the air 1. Personally, I don't like that the power button is on the side, right next to the volume buttons, as on a few occasions I've accidentally turned off the device when trying to adjust the volume. Just a minor complaint that I'll adjust to. Touch input seems to lag ever so slightly, especially on lock screen pass code entry. Also, I've connected Bluetooth to my television soundbar to listen to music and watch videos, and was a bit disappointed with choppy connection, and had to disconnect because it was annoying. Could be my soundbar and not this tablet, but i don't have this problem, at least to this extent, with my phone's Bluetooth. On the other hand, the speakers for this tablet, plus headphone sound quality, seemed fine to me, as tablet speakers go anyway. As a summary, I'd recommend this tablet as a relatively inexpensive 9.7" Android tablet, especially if you are invested in the Android universe, have children who like using Tablets, or want to expand beyond Apple universe (as I did, since I was downloading or buying apps on my phone, and didn't like to purchase on my iPad too). To most people this tablet should cover all your needs. On the other hand, if you don't care about Apple vs Android, and don't mind paying a little more for quality, I'd simply recommend buying an iPad Air 1, which I think is just better in terms of speed and crispness.
R6XJ6HSC8HIPG	5.0	great tablet	5	5	Great tablet! I bought this from best buy and I love it. I got this as an upgrade from my iPad mini. Screen resolution is less than the iPad mini but is brighter. Battery drains a little fast while watching YouTube and Netflix, but charges fast. It is faster in processing speed. Is also good for gaming!!!
R2O68NB5WAC2ZX	5.0	very impressive for the new low price!	4	4	I am really happy with this tablet. The 4:3 aspect ratio works really nice for reading articles, books, comics & magazines. The ratio plays better when surfing the net w/ my chrome browser. This 8 inch size is a perfect balance between a smaller 7 inch and a larger 10 inch – it’s just right. The weight is good, it feels nice in the hand – you can tell this is a solid, well made tablet. It will support up to a 128 gb sd card – great for taking my music collection on the go. As an amazon prime member, I can download prime music to the ext sd card for offline play. I can also download amazon prime video for offline play also (as of this review – it only downloads prime video to the internal storage). My google music subscription service also will download to the ext sd card for offline. The handful of movies I own via google will also download to the ext sd card. This is such a nice feature! The one speaker is loud and has solid sound. The screen is very bright (I find myself only needing 50 to 75% brightness). Some have concerns about the pixels since this is not full hd but I find the pictures to be very crisp & colors are rich and inviting. Text looks nice too. Hbo go, Netflix & hulu work fantastic. I tried a cpl of lower end tablets but for this new low price, this Samsung tablet leads the pack. I don’t like touchwiz so I downloaded the official google launcher – it works w/o issue. I got mine at costco for only $170. The battery life is great too! For the price, you can’t go wrong. FIVE STARS!
R3I5OD1Z8HOOHX	5.0	This is awesome. Do not let the 1	5	5	Have had several tablets over the years. This is awesome. Do not let the 1.2 ghz processor scare you. It is faster than the 1.6 ghz processor in the Toshiba tablet I had. Very smooth video. Netflix was flawless. Got this on ebay for $269.00 BRAND NEW. Good job Samsung.
R3NT9F11JOEAGW	5.0	Great tablet for school use	5	5	My daughter uses it for school and It is really good. I saw review about the resolution and was expecting to see everything pixelated, but the resolution is just fine for view videos too. My daughter has to see short videos for class and it works wonderful for her.
R1ST5I7GC7H3J9	4.0	Great user experience despite the low-resolution screen, but consider the Kindle Fire HD 8 at this price point	9	11	The Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8" tablet is a great budget-oriented tablet that will wonderfully meet the needs of many. I picked one up to play with and evaluate as a possible tablet for an elderly woman who wanted something for email, movies, web surfing, and reading. I ended up opting for the Fire HD 8, 8" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB - Includes Special Offers, Blue. Let me share my thoughts on this tablet and why I opted for something different. Screen: The 8" screen size is a nice jump from typical 7" screens - lots of extra viewing area while still being easy to hold (tougher to do when you move to 10" tablets). It is important to note that the Tab A has a lower resolution than most other 8" tablets -- 1024 x 768. Even most name brand 7" tablets have a higher resolution. Whether this is a deal killer depends on what your needs are. For everyday tasks, the resolution is just fine. From movies to web surfing, you get a pretty good experience. And for those like me who now need reading glasses, there is an upside - the font size appears larger than it does on 8" screens with higher resolutions. However, everything will appear a little less sharp / crisp. This is perhaps most noticeable when viewing text. This is not to say the experience is bad. But if you are accustomed to a higher resolution screen, you'll probably notice the difference (you'll acclimate quickly, but going down in image quality is not the direction you typically want to go!). I am pleasantly surprised by the screen brightness & colors. Performance: This has 1.5 GB of RAM, which is 50% more than the Kindle Fire HD 8. Other tablets of have 2GB or even 3GB of RAM (to put this into perspective), but the RAM is enough that the tablet is responsive -- open apps and other tasks all work quickly. Storage: This tablet has 16GB of storage -- not a lot (keep in mind that a good bit of this is taken up by the operating system), but decent. I do NOT often recommend 8GB tablets. Even with a microSD slot for added storage (which this tablet has), a base of 16GB internal storage is recommended. Aside from the extra space it gives you for storing media, it gives you ample room for apps. Performance on tablets will really begin to suffer when the internal storage fills up. I recommend buying a microSD card and using that to store all of your media. Aesthetics: Samsung always does well here, and the Tab A is no exception. It is attractive and feels good in your hand. However, you will want a case -- both for protection as well as to make gripping the tablet easier. OS: This comes with Android (Lollipop). Mine came with version 5.02. This is a solid, recent version of Android, but I don't expect it will see an upgrade to Android 6.0, which is just beginning to roll out to flagship mobile devices. I do prefer a more stock version of Android to that of Amazon's Fire OS. Cameras: On the plus side, you get both front- and rear-facing cameras. That's nice. Just don't expect high quality. Still images shot in good lighting will be decent. Just don't view this as a replacement for a real camera. I test a lot of tablets, and currently have about 10 of them on or around my desk. The Samsung Tab A 8" is really pleasant to use, even with its lower resolution screen. Few are likely to be disappointed by it, and it is reasonably priced for an 8" tablet, which obviously price a bit higher than 7" models (of which there are so many more to choose from). It's nearest competitor is probably the Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8, and compared to that, it is worthy of 4 stars. The Kindle Fire HD 8 is priced significantly less, has a higher resolution screen, and comes in a choice of 4 colors. The only real downside to the Fire tablet is that you can't run the Google Play Store and may have to do without some apps (e.g. Instagram - though it is possible to "side load" apps). Bottom line: A solid tablet offering a great user experience, but definitely consider the Kindle Fire HD unless you find this on sale.
R53QKSD5LJTH8	5.0	Loving It!	5	5	So far so good! Didn't expect it to be a computer or laptop just wanted something more convenient and larger than my Galaxy s5 screen. Had it for a week now, it's everything I expected and more.
R19NRQR2NV2DA	5.0	Recommended	5	5	Nice. Alot faster than my Toshiba. Keep in mind if you are using this to watch videos it is the 4:3 picture size not 16:9 like the new stuff.
RGZ75Z40YN942	5.0	I love my Tablet	5	5	I love my Tablet, can do all the things I want to do on it, has really made me happy on a scale of 1 to 10 it's an 11 for me!
R277AL9SCVDM4	5.0	Awesome Tablet	9	11	This is a awesome tablet, just got as a gift for Mother day. Update May 21st 15 Had the tablet almost a week still runs smooth and the muti tab feature is a awesome feature not only can u troll Facebook and watch you tube in the same moment, I have seen some negative reviews and I have to say, It's a great tablet, the screen resolution can be adjusted and the reading mode helps with your eyes after a few hours of light reading and emails and Facebook trolling. If you are looking for a good product that runs smooth and fast then this is for you! Have not had one problem or ran into any trouble with this tablet. Great Product!
R1JPDLKKM3Y4HS	4.0	I absolutely love this tablet	4	4	I absolutely love this tablet! Very clear screen, easy to see even with my eyes, quick processor, just the right thickness and weight. Excellent memory capacity, with or without a card. Only problem I've had is when it lays flat, the screen wants to go black and I have to pick it back up for the screen to come back on. It almost acts like a bad battery connection. Otherwise, I really love it!
R3GK42WMJSWOFW	5.0	Great tablet	4	4	Great tablet. I have really enjoyed this tablet. Works great and easy setup. Will have to link to my other Samsung devices. really like the ability to use a micro sd card for extra memory. The Samsung website says it can use a micro sd card up to 128 gb. I am currently using a sandisk ultra class 10 64gb micro sd - it is working great.
R2JMKJ67HK1KTD	5.0	Great tablet for we that don't need use a tablet every day.	4	4	Very nice and well made Tablet. There are many brands out that are less expensive, but they are also very cheaply made and un-realible. I went with Samsung because it is a name brand and has a great record with its current Phones and tablets. The speaker is very loud and the screen is very pretty as well. The unit is solid and well built.
R2XCFOBN4J4TX	3.0	Not a good effort by Samsung	11	14	Bought it and returned it the same day. The only reason this tablet exists is because it has Android 5 and Samsung must have had a warehouse full of ancient screens they wanted to get rid of. Not only is the resolution poor but the screen is not even shaped right for today's apps. It must be 4:3 because it cuts off certain games and apps. Not even showing you the full screen. The screen is just bad. The older Samsung Tab Pro blows it out of the water and is cheaper now. You can find it for $199. Android 5 is very nice but does not make up for the poor hardware specs this tablet has.
R28JIZ7DZPUHHN	5.0	Forget Apple and Go with Samsung	4	4	This tablet is every bit as good or better than the equivalent Apple product and much more reasonably priced. It is goodlooking, quick, and easy to use. Plus it holds a charge quite well. I recommend the smoky blue one for looks, but any of the colors are fine. Pass on the cover, which does not stay on.
R7MJXZ8RLRGLW	3.0	SD card Virtually USELESS	8	10	The tablet was fairly solid. Pros: Screen was good enough. I watched various videos on it and didn't see that much of a problem. Sound was good and the larger screen on the 9.7 was really hitting that sweet spot of "big but not too big." Cons: 1. It slows down A LOT when you run an internet browser while other apps are running. I would typically run word, a browser and a pdf reader simultaneously when doing work. 2. Really a complaint about Lollipop, but Android and Samsung do like to pretend it doesn't exist: Apps still cannot write to the SD card. This means that though Word comes with the device. It cannot open and edit a document on our SD card. You have to transfer it to the tablets storage (using the built in file manager) edit it. And then using the same manager put it back on the card. As I work on the go this is an absolute nightmare and renders the device virtually useless to me. I researched solutions for this for weeks. I spent so many hours on this issue: A. Android claimed lollipop would offer a solution it didn't, at least not on this device. B. Android offers the cloud. No. I have confidential work and I'm in areas without internet with this thing. C. Fanboys say you have to root it. I really did not want to go that route, just so I could use the SD card slot that the tablet has built in and advertises.
R2P4DER01OLUQU	5.0	my phone has almost the same capabilities so it works out just fine for me	4	4	Thank God for this tablet really. I am not pressed about the resolution or whatever the issue that others have with it. I browse...I watch....I play games on it...that's all there is to it...my phone has almost the same capabilities so it works out just fine for me!
R2K02D7DAQAPEE	5.0	Five Stars	4	4	couldn't be happier with this tablet... especially after i had to return the Dell tablet for being horrible
R2YC06UKM9UGIU	4.0	If you need to read fine print, you need to buy this tablet	7	9	The Galaxy Tab A has many uses, but I bought it yesterday because I need it for one use: to read documents like scientific papers, textbooks, contracts or magazine articles that I used to read on paper. Yes, I could read some things on the computer screen, but I used to flood my huge office with many big piles, folders and shelves of hard copy paper and books, because I could read the fine print well and organize it all very well, better than I could from the regular computer screen. If you eyes are not as strong as mine used to be, or if you want to go more paperless, the Galaxy Tab is your best bet for reading, studying and organizing all kinds of things. I still swear by the kindle paperwhite reader for books like science fiction, where it’s no problem to choose a large font size on a small screen, because you want to read from beginning to end and you only need to see a couple of sentences at a time. That one is great for reading either in bright sun or in the dark, with no need to recharge it more than once a month if you mainly keep it in airplane mode. But if you need to see the structure and jump around in what you read, it’s too small. After I retired and had a cataract operation – my first thought was to buy a kindle DX, like the paperwhite but bigger. But that was discontinued, and the operating system on the paperwhite is not good for keeping track of a hierarchy of pdf as well as books. DX had only three main competitors – Sony (much more expensive, and probably without the font size flexibility I need), Onyx (falling apart) and Hanvon (not available in US). Perhaps when Hanvon C920 hits the US. It will instantly take over a part of the market – or not; not available anyway. I was impressed, then, when my wife showed me the phone-sized, inexpensive Galaxy Tab she just bought for my son. Using the android touch screen, it was ever so easy to move text around and resize it at will, and the display was ever so readable and convenient to the hand. She instantly downloaded a paper I am interested in from the web, in pdf , and I could dig into it much better than I could on my desktop computer. I did think of trying to live a life chained to the desktop – but if I can read much better, and study better, on a tablet, and do it anywhere in the house, why not? Why not double my productivity in a big part of my life? (I also wonder how many students could benefit a lot!) But to start a new life on a tablet, which tablet? I did read lots of reviews on my desktop. It sounded as if there were four really serious options – Samsung, kindle HDX, Microsoft Surface and Mac Air tablet. I didn’t really look at SURFACE, because it is MUCH more expensive (overkill for me) and because Windows 8 is not my ideal for simplicity and convenience. Kindle HDX reminded me a bit of my old kindle fire, which I mainly use to play solitaire now, and which requires recharging every day --- which wasn’t as easy on the eyes, and didn’t have the kind of operating system that would make it convenient to manage lots of pdf documents as well as books. Between Mac Air and Galaxy Tab, maybe I should have spent serious time in the store playing with the Mac alternative – but I didn’t expect a Mac product to be as inexpensive, and I am not familiar with iOS. I DID know that android is getting wide use, that it has some flexibility, and that the small Galaxy Tab was very easy on my eyes. Reviews said that battery life is an annoyance for all of the tablets, to about the same extent, but the greyscale and powersaving modes in the Galaxy Tab substantially reduce the problem. Even with Galaxy Tab, there is a choice of models. Choosing 9.7 inches was a no-brainer for what I need most, to replace my use of books and printed articles, where I need a large format but a light 9.7 inch tablet is easier to handle than a book. I chose Galaxy Tab A for $289 rather than the new S2 model for $417, because it already has what I need; so far, the only lack that I notice is the lack of fingerprint login. The power saving options were easy to find. It was easy to link into our home wifi system, to download the kindle reading app, and get access to all the books I have had on kindle – though it was a bit like seeing a sprawl of books dumped on the floor. I was able to download one of them quickly and easily enough, and I see that I can organize them in collections on the tablet (not on the cloud). I also downloaded the Mobi pdf.epub reader and acrobat reader, free on the web, and am beginning to be able to use them. It was a bit tricky downloading a scientific pdf from the web using Chrome; so that I can read at my leisure in airplane mode; I had to go to “my files” and “downloads,” but other routes exist. It’s nice to be using a powerful, flexible computer which gives me choices of how to move things around, and an easy way to set up and use folders. I was surprised at how easy it was to synch with my gmail and gdrive, and delighted to see an option to upload 100 gig of photos to OneDrive at no cost. Lots of other capabilities – but again, reading was enough to justify the purchase for me. Maybe I will buy the $27 keyboard cover/carrier someday, but the touch screen has been good enough for me so far (unlike the small screens on phones).
R38Y0XVDMJKTUH	5.0	Connectivity to my Smart Tv and smart phone are added bonuses for me ...	3	3	I wanted a tablet ligger than a 7" with the power of a 10" and this fit the bill perfectly. I am thoroughly impressed by the battery life. Connectivity to my Smart Tv and smart phone are added bonuses for me and would definitely be buying Samsung again. Delivery was a bit of a problem and would recommend not opting for the free delivery.
R3E9EIN411S57X	2.0	Beautiful product, and on the low end of cost ...	5	6	Beautiful product, and on the low end of cost for these. I've had two Nexus 7s before this, and this much better (OS, screen, etc.) The only complaint -- and it's a deal killere for me -- is that Samsung has gotten rid of the RHL capabilities, meaning you can no longger stream their devises to a TV through HDMI with a simple adapter. I do a lot of traveling, and hotel TVs don't allow Chromecast or other wifi devices, so the stream function on the Nexus 7 was greeat to have. They've done the same thing on their Note and Galaxy phones, without adverstising that fact. Shame on Samsung.
R3IN4YQRQOSSHS	5.0	Love it	3	3	This was my first tablet so I can not compare it to any other tablet. I love the size but sometimes I would have liked to have the larger size. Battery life is really good. The screen res could be a little better, good enough for what I do. Thumbs up.
R10L8LR2GK4T7Z	5.0	Wife Pleaser	3	3	Bought this as a gift for my non-techie wife. She has fallen in love all over again. Acceptable screen quality, great tactile response. This is a solid product at a very fair price, and it made me a HERO to my wife.......never a bad thing.
R2H3EKW1P03J6W	5.0	I love this thing!	3	3	Worth the wait after I preordered it. Such a great buy. Screen is bright and crisp. Processor is fast. Nothing seems to be lagging even with the dual screen feature running. I haven't even explored all this can do but I'm quite pleased.
RL6QHHHM3NUVQ	5.0	I love it	3	3	I bought mine yesterday from Sam's Club for $169 on special one day sale sorry Amazon. It is a great tablet, one feature on this tablet is book reading mode which is great. It is highly recommended tablet.
R2BJ6LI9TQ7JCF	5.0	Great tablet	3	3	Great tablet the resolution isn't bad like everybody says it's actually a lot better than all the tablets I've had in the past by far this is the best tablet I'd definitely recommend it & well worth the price
R1IBIJK2B0JXPS	5.0	and dare I say - likes it better then the Apple	3	3	My son has owned Apple tablets for years. HE told us he wanted a Android based tablet and we tried many before we found the Samsung. He loves it, and dare I say - likes it better then the Apple.
R3ST0P4E5ZFXDU	5.0	Tablet is very nice, light weight	3	3	Tablet is very nice, light weight, images are sharp, clear, easy to read. Small enough to fit in my purse yet large enough to look at a website without having to use the mobile version.
R1VLLK4TF3CIT5	5.0	very happy with this product	3	3	very happy with this product, have had not problems with it and it was not that hard to learn how to set up and use with the help of a friend.
R25F3GY4QCU58K	5.0	easy to use	3	3	Bought this for my wife. She loves it. Fast, easy to use, and compared to similar products, the price for the package can't be beat.
R2UPQCIHXRNB25	4.0	Now I see why they made it.	4	5	Well let me tell you I buy most things from the Amazon however, I pick mine up on Ebay for a can't be beat price.It is also a special 32g model but other than that the specs are all the same. This is a very well built device for the money.I am so surprised by the 1024x768 resolution because it's bright and beautiful. I own many other Samsung tablet(S5 10'5,note12.2,s58.4) with much higher resolution and other specs. I would say this tablet in many ways is almost on par with them all. This is my first 9.7 inch,and 4x3 android tablet and it is a nice change of pace. 4x3 is not the best for movies and tv shows but is ok for YouTube videos. Where this tablets shines is for reading I would have to say working with Google doc and the included Microsoft apps . I find it a joy to use even tho it's not the fastest it more than get the job done. My 4 stars is more like a4 half because of the speed and the resolution but,for what Samsung was going for it may be a 5 star device. It's premium without trying to be,and still at a good price. It has almost all of the top features Samsung's top device except the fingerprint scanner.The stand outs here are the battery life(10hr),the Microsoft apps and the built quality of the device.
R3Q70QZOY1CFVV	5.0	Samsung Tab A review & tips	2	2	I just bought this tablet the other day but I exchanged it for the 9.7". The only reason I did so was because I plan on using my tablet for school (note taking, writing papers, doing research while on the go) so the bigger one is better for that sort of use. The 8" is not bad at all and is perfect for everything even for school use, I just prefer a bigger screen. The tablet ranges for about $230 and is well worth it. You're better off spending the extra money so it will last instead of having to buy a new one. I wouldn't buy a case from best buy or even Walmart unless reasonable enough because the casea are all made the same, get one off Amazon / here for over half the price of store bought cases.
R3IGAPP9OO5XGS	5.0	Resolution is fine	2	2	I've had one of these for a couple of weeks now, and I couldn't be happier. Anyone looking for an "iPad" sized tablet for a decent price can not go wrong with this tablet. The resolution isn't a retina display, however i do not have any issues with the content on the tablet. Everything is easy enough to view and read and doesn't feel pixelated. If resolution is very important for you, go for the Galaxy Tab S2, however it has a higher price tag. I use this for Netflix, messenger, web browsing, music, and mobile games in. Everything loads fast and responds well on this tablet. My old tablet was an iPad mini - and this one responds just as well as Apple's device.
RCJ50YCB4K162	5.0	Love it!!	3	3	My daughter and both purchased one of these and we both LOVE it!! The larger screen is awesome!
R1HMO3BQKV5R40	5.0	Great Upgrade from Google Nexus First Gen	2	2	I needed an upgrade for my first gen Google Nexus that became so slow after the Android update. I enjoy having a tablet, but don't use it enough to pay $400 for one. This tablet fit my needs perfect. It's fast, slim, and I love the bigger screen. I do stream videos occasionally, but haven't noticed any difference in screen resolution. But I'm not picky on that score. I use the tablet mostly for email, reading, games, surfing the Internet. So screen resolution for me has been just fine. I'm very happy with my purchase, and now my husband wants one!
RW645M8PUFTVB	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	The tablet is perfect. May not have the resolution of the tab 4 but still is a great buy.
RHBMTO2POLH2T	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	We bought it for our granddaughter when she graduated from high school. She loves it!
R23USPAH8OB3K1	5.0	it worked like a champ for 2 hours in the plane and ...	2	2	I was previously using an HP Touchpad that I rigged up Andriod on which at times seemed slow...more importantly I use Garmin Pilot for flying and it was inconsistent connecting to my bluetooth GPS...in some planes I fly this is not a big deal cause the built in GPS is sufficient...in others a tablet is needed...this is fast and the battery lasts forever...it worked like a champ for 2 hours in the plane and works great for normal apps such as Kindle Reader
RFU59YI408VD4	5.0	Should have bought one of these before the M$ Tablet	2	2	After struggling with a Windows 8 tablet, this is great! The pen is excellent, having all the Android app availability and flexibility makes it that much better. I use this at work with heavy Office and PDF documents, it all is more seamless and fluid than with the Win 8 unit. If there was a decent PDF editor with better mark-up-cut-copy-paste capability that would be the cream on the cake.
R2C2C673AOMWE8	4.0	No Square and limited PayPal support	2	2	Very nice tablet, but it let me down for business use. It does not support and is not supported by Square for using the new chip reader. I also couldn't get the PayPal Here swipe to work all the time. Something is screwy with the settings to support PayPal Here, as it did work once, but only once. Returned for the Tab 4 10.1 White, as it is fully supported by Square and PayPal Here.
RCX1BJ9J7MDGB	5.0	Very nice tablet.	4	5	Love my new Galaxy Tab A tablet. Nice and light. Easy to set up, took about 5 minutes. I love the shape, I also have the Tab 4 8", it is more rectangular, where the A is more square, gives it more screen space. The battery life is very good, I have been using it for 3 days and haven't needed to charge it yet, it is at 33%. Very happy with it. The screen is very sharp and clear. Reasonable price. It arrived in 2 days with Prime. Would highly recommend it.
R1B5GPZLPJFCVG	5.0	Superb.	2	2	It's a very nice product at this price. Screen resolution is awesome. It's been one month and my 8 yrs old son is using it, I don't see any performance degrade yet. Generally Samsung phones don't perform well as they get older, so I am not a very big fan of Samsung. Will update it may be after 6 months.
R4333N786IXZC	5.0	Makes portability a breeze!	2	2	I was lookin for a tablet that could allow me to graduate coursework on. The Galaxy Tab A has Microsoft Office apps on it that allows me the flexibility to do research papers in Word on the go! I love how I can sync it to my Galaxy S5 also! Great tablet, great product! Love Samung!
R3MBGKLCPS8ZN4	5.0	Not fully loaded with pre-installed factory apps!	2	2	Finally Samsung didn't completely fill up a tablet with useless apps! Windows works great! Also the picture quality is great. Another cool feature is the Samsung link you can respond to text and answer calls on the tablet. Highly doubt I'll answer a call but hey you never know.
R35J6TGSQEFHRP	2.0	Sales manipulation	6	8	Great build quality and design, really feels good in the hands. VERY sturdy. However, navigating software and websites and images is noticeably lagged with the speed, and the only reason they released it with a low resolution screen is because they know half the customers will buy it again when they release the hi res version in 1 to 2 years (they want to double capture sales just like Apple did with iPad mini 1 / iPad mini Retina).
R2VHSS507MX4C5	5.0	Smart Decision for Us	2	2	Very good items for a great price. My company uses them in the field as a less expensive alternative to iPads. For the most part, they perform very well. No problems with screen visibility. Wi-fi works great. Battery life is okay, not great.
R1WDTD9WVESX3F	5.0	The perfect budget tablet	2	2	The perfect budget tablet. Not the biggest or baddest, but still plenty of horsepower and all of the features I need. Would reccomend for anyone who needs a tablet but can't afford a more high-end model. Have had no problems with it so far.
RRHOJSUI4C0ON	5.0	Just The Right Size	2	2	Full of great android features and loaded with some great application. Very customizable and a joy to use. I love this tab as much as my Galaxy S5 Cellphone. Take note that this tablet runs about 90 % of the same applications as my phone.
R3S7PYN1XRB3YL	5.0	the best of both worlds	6	8	Finally a tablet with the freedom of Android and the simplicity of Apple.don't get me wrong this is not a state-of-the-art tablet ,Samsung has done away with a lot of the over complicated extra options.maybe it's just the lollipop OS but this is really easy to use, and at the same time it lets you actually do what you want.if you've always wanted iPad that you can put a memory card in this is for you
RK2DB2LF9F93U	5.0	Loving it	2	2	Perfect size for school. Replacing my use of a laptop for class since i have to go between campuses. Has excel, word and PowerPoint already installed but you may need to update it before using. Great product and fast!
RZQTEYH0B99XD	3.0	Watching videos	4	5	The tablet is nice but if you plan on watching any video's other then Netflix, don't count on it!! It will kick you of the wifi! The only way to get on the wifi again is to re start the tablet. Very annoying and frustrating. I am retiring my 2nd one due to this issue!
RIJ22YHCQU30X	5.0	Great tablet...but careful with your case purchase!	2	2	Please note, this tablet is larger (3/4" wider) than the other Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 tablets and any case purchased for it needs to specifically state that it is for the Tab A.
RCQU6Y2RVQYM2	5.0	Great product for the price.	3	4	After a week of usage I love this little tablet. I have been using iPads since they were initially released and have had a few. This one blows them right out of the water. The battery life is amazing. I fully charged the device when I got it and ran it through some tests. Streaming video from Netflix for 8 consecutive hours took the battery from 100% to 72% Side by side with my 4th generation iPad doing the same test the battery on the iPad drained to 15%. Yes, I'm sure the battery being new has something to do with it. but impressive nonetheless. I setup the kids mode and allow my 4 year old son to play with it. He loves it and the kids mode allows him to play without any worry of accidental purchases, or getting into something he shouldn't. Also the added free software they include is quite nice. The full MS Office suite comes pre-loaded which is surprisingly nice to have. I deal with a lot of Spreadsheets for work and it has allowed me to keep my laptop in my bag and handle things from the tablet. I expanded the memory with a 128 GB micro SD. For the same amount of storage with the iPad it would cost more then buying 3 of these. All that being said, The screen is not as sharp as I would like. But if that's not a big deal to you this thing is a winner. I feel confident in making a recommendation for this product, and plan on buying one for my parents and siblings this Christmas.
R2RZ3N9Y9CJYT0	5.0	Love it.	2	2	I am totally loving my Galaxy Tab. I like the size and it was easy to set up and use. No complaints. (By the way, I am over 60 so that easy set up means it was really easy!) :)
R1YGJSDQB5WPPO	5.0	Love this new tablet!	2	2	I have always been a fan of Samsung Galaxy phones & tablets. In fact I use this more then my own computer. It is definitely 5 stars in my book & worth the money too!
R3JPD9F0987IE2	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	Love it worth the money
R2CMCY3J275Z45	5.0	Great tablet for the price	2	2	Great tablet for the price. I did not need the higher screen resolution of more expensive models. It could come with less bloatware from Samsung.
R2FSW7K1QR6HRV	5.0	This was a gift for my wife. It replaces ...	2	2	This was a gift for my wife. It replaces an older iPad which had a larger screen. Hasn't been a problem and it works with her Samsung S4.
R2URCTUQNFWHEE	4.0	Received pretty quick. Resolution on pictures not the best	2	2	Received pretty quick. Resolution on pictures not the best, but for the price good. Charges a little slow than expected. But overall goo.d
R3CFN6SFL19ZNY	5.0	100% Satisfied. I bought it for my sister and she ...	2	2	100% Satisfied. I bought it for my sister and she absolutely loves it! Perfect size, not too small or large. Functions excellently.
R267LJ7MD91FCM	5.0	Samsung Galaxy Tab A.	2	2	I bought this product for a friend and she is still trying to understand all the features that this android device can perform.
RINCYPVGL3RC4	5.0	Ipad mini in adroid	2	2	Sleek design and premium feel. Smooth performance. Have been using for one month, so far so good. Would definitely recommend.
R12IBKV3X5W4EE	5.0	super lil tablet	2	2	it is a super lil tablet. My husband has the tab 3 and this one is sooooo much better. my 16yr old got this one.
R3K95Q6JAXXLU3	5.0	After a long and bewildering search this tech challenged mum ...	4	5	After a long and bewildering search this tech challenged mum has finally settled on this tablet....Will update as I use it more !!!
R52XKDK3SSPJG	5.0	Definitely satisfied with this order	2	2	Arrived without problems (no scratches, cracks, or dents) and it works. Definitely satisfied with this order.
R38VZOKUQJMC7L	4.0	Great For Daily Use - Highly Recommended	3	4	This Samsung Galaxy Tab A SM-T350NZAAXAR 8-Inch Tablet is a great choice for casual Internet browsing, playing games, and even for watching Netflix or other streaming movie sources. Here are my observations: Pros - + Quality; this is well made and feels substantial in the hand + Speed; this is one of the fastest tablets I have used + Memory; 16GB is quite big and allows for a lot of apps and music to be stored on the tablet + Responsiveness; excellent touch screen accuracy + Battery; quick charging and excellent battery life Misc - * Screen; while plenty good enough for reading on the Knidle app or just about any app, but not as sharp for HD movies as I would have liked I use this tablet daily and am very happy with how well it performs! Recommended! CFH
R2083ZBW2OPSLP	5.0	Highly Recommended	2	2	My first tablet and I am very happy with it. Great pictures too! I owned for about six months allready
R3UBLYTIBTI663	5.0	Just what I wanted	2	2	it is just what I was looking for nice and light to carry around easy to use. I am a happy camper.
RN8NCS7G8JPCO	5.0	Words cannot describe how happy I am with my purchase of this device.	1	1	I purchased this gem and have left my recently purchased iOS device to the side because of how happy I am with the Samsung Galaxy Tab A. The device is lightweight, not filled with the normal memory hogging bloatware that the higher end Samsung devices are known for. Granted the screen resolution is not as crystal clear as the other Samsung tablets or the cameras aren't higher in resolution, but as a budgeted device, this might the top of the line in that price bracket. This is one of the best purchases I've ever made with Samsung and quite happy that this device is readily available and user friendly.
R3HYOIG2727EI3	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	Great tablet!
RRD9R4EMSYPPT	5.0	good quality, low price and excellent communication with the ...	2	2	Fast shipping, good quality, low price and excellent communication with the sellers.
R2N5IDZT0PFV7A	5.0	GALAXY TAB A is a very good tablet. I would recommend it to everyone	2	2	GALAXY TAB A is a very good tablet. I would recommend it to everyone.
RALLY3PLV4KQH	5.0	Love it	2	2	Wasn't sure when I ordered this but turned out to be a great buy
R3230OKZHCIYU6	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	I love my tablet it's realy good device my first samsung tablet
R1UT7SPXCFR5MC	4.0	Good Tablet	3	4	I am enjoying my time with this tablet. My set backs would be sunlight and the fact that the back and menu buttons don't light up. I just put on a screen protector and it works better in sunlight now, but overall this tablet does all the basic things I need it to do. I installed a 128GB card and the space works out for me. I don't play any games on this and don't plan on pushing it to a laptop type limit, had it for a week and I enjoy using it.
R2IWOA3KT27D07	5.0	Best samsung tablet yet!	1	1	This is the best SAMSUNG TABLET OUT! I do not know why people are giving this such bad reviews about the screen quality. It is Not PIXELATED it is PERFECT FOR READING, WATCHING MOVIES, STUDYING, and PLAYING GAMES! I just got this today and it is the best Tablet out there. IT'S FASTER AND AND Clearer THEN THOSE APPLE TABLETS. That seem to lock people out of them all the time.
R2J9601TIB8IO8	5.0	Quite Pleased	1	1	I got my tablet and been playing with it all day. After fully charging it, I went about segging it up. Because I am a klutz, it took me a bit to get the Wi-Fi going. But once that was out of the way, it has been smooth sailing. I run a blog a d getting that going was a priority. Still figuring stuff out and loving it. Quite pleased with my Galaxy Tab A.
R2VG599JI0MZQU	5.0	... a gift but from what I understand it is SUPER..	1	1	I bought this for a gift but from what I understand it is SUPER...they are really enjoying it and can't say enough good things about it..love the fact that they can update it with their Samsung phone...I would really recommend this product for Samsung buyers...plenty of memory ... plenty of features at a price that can't be beat...with the added warrenty you can't go wrong
R767C20LEYW0M	3.0	... fan rather than an Apple fan and while I loved the size	5	7	I'm an Android fan rather than an Apple fan and while I loved the size, convenience of this Tab, I was sorely disappointed in the display. It doesn't come close to the other Galaxies and I can't imagine why they would have lower screen resolution on such a beautiful tablet but they did. I returned it because of that. My old Amazon HD Fire (about 3 years old) has a much superior screen resolution. Wake up Samsung!!!!!!!
R1USD9MFOYOSYH	1.0	Tech support is the worst imaginable.	1	1	After another hour on the phone with Tech Service today I am simply planning to junk this and buy an iPad mini. The quality of tech support, including at the Texas repair facility, is the worst imaginable. When it works this is a nice product, but plan on the warranty being worthless...actually less than worthless as it will cost you a lot of time.
R2OS01N25H14I	3.0	which is very poor and which noticeably pixilated texts	5	7	The screen pixel per inch (PPI) is only 132, which is very poor and which noticeably pixilated texts. Because the aspect rationof the device is 4:3 and ideal for document reading, the screen must have a higher PPI > 200. If you're going to use a tablet for study and reading, get one with a screen size of at least 9 and a PPI of at least 200. Pixensity site provides good information on this.
R3MV59RAOVLXRK	4.0	Good tablet, low resolution	1	1	Good tablet, low resolution. I was looking forward to getting this tablet, specially for the 4:3 format. And I like it in general, but the camera and resolution are just plain bad. Even my old Note 8" is superior. I will wait for the Galaxy Tab S2, with double the resolution and an 8 mp camera. That is coming in August I believe.
R1UKLKLM2X9Z1	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	add a 32 gb memory card, so far its been great
R132S82ZJJS5W7	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Tablet is sharp looking. No problems so far.
RPL7CM2DPHMKP	5.0	love the design and definition	2	2	Very fast, love the design and definition.
R15S7F7SLSHDL6	5.0	Very awesome everything you want to tablet and more	1	1	Very happy with this particular tablet has a nice large screen easy to view documents very lightweight quick and excellent battery life the only disadvantage is the back button does not have a backlight so in the dark it is difficult to find. having an spen is a very neat feature to have
R2US0P00YSZL7D	5.0	... she always wanted one and Samsung is a very good brand.	1	1	This tablet was on sale and I bought it for my mom because she always wanted one and Samsung is a very good brand...She really likes it, it's very fast and efficient and the resolution of the screen is very good. I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone.
R2780WLJRGNRWM	5.0	Great display works great great battery life	2	2	Great upgrade from original Samsung tab.
R1KZHLFQELZW0	5.0	A really good and fast tablet by all standards	3	4	Purchased for my wife wish I had kept it for myself. A really good and fast tablet by all standards. Saw some complaints about the resolution guess some people just have to find something to complain about their glass is always half empty. I am really impressed with this tablet.
R2Z8UFIJWKKUCW	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	This was just what I was looking for.
R174OMYYCEVY7Y	4.0	Samsung, does what they do best.	1	1	What can I say to start off, it's a samsung it just works. The only issue I have noticed is the screen resolution is not as good as some, but not bad either. It is a great size and battery and quick charge come in handy for daily use.
R24CNBL68OXSXT	4.0	Fine	3	4	I like it. Perfect size for me and haven't run into any problems. Not sure why all the criticism of the "resolution". Must be expecting perfection. I don't see a problem - no pun intended! Could have easily given it a 5.
R214E4YU3LX8XN	5.0	Good sized tablet	1	1	Good sized tablet, fast processing, expandable memory and long battery life. It does what I need it to and more. I am thoroughly satisfied with my upgrade to this tablet. No cons I can think of with this product.
R23SLD8O18SQDO	5.0	Good Product	1	1	this is a good product and works good. Only thing I don't like is the multipage and back arrow location. It is real easy to push them when holding it in landscape mode while using it for reading.
R1L3FL5WZYWAFX	5.0	Good tablet for the price	3	4	Great bang for your buck tablet. I love the size (9.7 inch) and battery life. Would highly recommend if you are looking for a general use tablet and don't need the best specs on the market.
R1Q8I8LNFNHX2B	5.0	WIN!!!!	1	1	I bought this after accidentally cracking my first one, (which I ended up repairing...which turned out awesome). I like this one better because the dimensions fit better into my purse! Win!
R2GPLXCS7PAFVK	5.0	easy and fun to use	1	1	Whole Family enjoys this tablet, easy and fun to use, size is great and screen is sharp and crisp. Just as you expect from any Samsung product. we would give it a 10 star if we could.
R2STRTHRI7L17O	5.0	Even threw it with a good amount of force to the floor and it not ...	1	1	One month of use and zero issues. Even threw it with a good amount of force to the floor and it not only survived it didn't even show a mark and didn't miss a beat streaming music.
R3TCIJ9A90IZO5	5.0	... this tablet for a week but so far I love it. Very user friendly	1	1	Have only had this tablet for a week but so far I love it. Very user friendly. This tablet is thinner and lighter than my sons 7" Samsung tablet. Have had no troubles!
R17EGGSQGVM62F	5.0	Highly Recommend Great Tablet.	1	1	Just Received My Tab A this morning, delivery was fast, packing was very good. I have been playing with it half the day. It is Awesome. Setup was simple. Version (5.0.2)
R2RW4TEFYPQ1ES	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Love it! Crystal clear
R1AZAZKC0MWUD8	5.0	Awesome!	2	3	This is my first tablet. I've had NOOKs before. But I had bought books on Kindle and read 'em all on my android phone. So, I went for a tablet for reading, browsing, and writing. I knew I didn't want a small tablet, and I didn't want it to be too big either. This 8 inch was just right. Mine came with Lollipop. Microsoft free apps were preloaded. I got a Logitech bluetooth keyboard to work with it, so worth it. I got a great cover, also worth it. I have no problems with the screen resolution, its awesome! I don't use it for games, but I did load some educational apps. I have not overloaded it yet. The 16 Gbytes is a pretty big space to fill. Even so I got a flash card. The rear camera is great. I took great video at the Butterfly house with it. Yeah, no zoom. Otherwise, super great video and super easy. It was surprisingly comfortable to hold up for long periods of time as well. With the keyboard, its like a more portable and lighter laptop. But its better than a laptop.
RLTCP6UOA4W73	5.0	told that it has great screen resolution	1	1	given as a gift. told that it has great screen resolution, is easy to use and set up. responds quickly on WiFi with good signal strength.
R1ZWDIXCYQM7F8	5.0	Great Tablet	1	1	Just what I expected. It came in record time. I love the speed and flexibility of multitasking without closing sites. Highly recommended
R1X83KV89RJ08G	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Excellent product.
R22UVMA8BU2QZL	5.0	Display is great	1	1	Love the tablet! I use the S pen a lot more then I thought I would, awesome palm rejection. Text is clear, the resolution is fine
R3MR3768III5IA	5.0	I definitely will recommend this to anyone	1	1	Love this tablet, great price has a lot of nice features and especially love the free word, PowerPoint and excel spread sheet
R3D2V2SYKCWCM4	5.0	samsung is always on point	1	1	This is a great tablet. Samsung does it again. Great product all around. Nothing negative about this one. Will buy again!!!!
R270IRSB3O371T	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Very nice tablet.
R3UHBLL8QK28F9	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Very good product
R1EIKOKL4DXH8C	5.0	It is a great tablet! I have been very happy with everything ...	1	1	It is a great tablet! I have been very happy with everything about it. If there is a down side, it could use more space.
R1WG1WMOKLQROH	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Wow great tablet
R22V4MJIVCU6D1	4.0	Pretty great tablet.	0	0	I bought this from best buy through a promotion discount they had. The tablets runs very smooth. With proper internet speed, this tablets can stream videos, play games, listen to music, etc. with little to no lag. It's very lightweight and easy to use. Only con to this product is the sound and the resolution. The speaker is at the bottom of the tablet under the power button, it is put in an awkward spot where sound cant spread good. The quality of video looks great but the resolution puts most video's (such as youtube) in a widescreen view when in full screen mode. It's not entirely bad but can be annoying seeing black bars on every video you watch instead of filling the entire screen. Besides those two cons, this tablet is worth the investment.
R362JT8DQND3FN	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	SO FAR SO GOOD
RDI7GUZTTAIKT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	love this computer i have the galaxy samsung 10.2 will reorder now that my main computer is working.
R2S0MZ69RWKAQ4	5.0	Awesome	1	1	I love the Tab A. I am used to tab 3. Was in perfect condition. Amazing service! Thanks
R251OKDSJ22QY5	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Easy to use and just the right size for my needs. I am very happy with my purchase.
R2DF6LGASZ5563	5.0	Couldn't ask for better!	2	3	I love it so much! Not a single complaint from me. And I don't know why people are complaining about the resolution, because it looks amazing to me. The only thing is I got the smokey blue color cause blue is one of my favorite colors, but it looks like a blue silver. (Not a big deal to me at all but just thought I'd mention it). Runs perfectly and everything, would recommend getting a case with it though because it feels pretty flimsy and it makes me scared of dropping it lol then again this is my first tablet.
R1STBYPOCWJ6QV	5.0	Lover it the graphics are awesome. It's my best friend when I'm on the ...	1	1	Lover it the graphics are awesome.It's my best friend when I'm on the road.
R29W7XYWEH2E3X	4.0	samsuns 8 inch	1	1	A good solid tablet.could be brighter screen. But. Evertheless a good buy.
R2XZO1U1CZ0KAM	5.0	The newest is better	1	1	Great tablet has nan y free features you normally have to pay for.
R1C61P9RM3YXB8	5.0	Love it!!	1	1	I have had my Tab A 8" for a few days now and I love it.
R12MV1VTXEOEBD	5.0	awesome tablet.	1	1	my son loves it, I liked that it links to my galaxy phone :)
R1OGL36HQGFDXN	5.0	Great!!	1	1	Great product...would consider buying other Samsung tablet.
R1LDVWN00AG1CG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it! Exactly what I wanted, especially at this price!
RW5C73EXCEFL6	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Yeah my baby loves it and would recommend it to anyone
R9GQAVGHA7TM5	5.0	Works wonderfully.	1	1	We've had zero problems with this. Works wonderfully.
RLBNB4PJW77W0	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	works really good for what I want. learning to use it
R1YLD6JBXKK7HU	5.0	Excelent.	1	1	I really love this Samsung tab. For me it is perfect.
RVBPUSYDB17XR	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	perfect
R2N1H7WN2QMJZ9	5.0	A+	1	1	I love Samsung. Always great quality merchandise.
R2D4QTKAFMA4C3	5.0	Perfect gift	1	1	Bought for my husband, and its perfect for him.
R1ZJIZKO6XGXO5	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Perfect! I save money as compared to mall price
R27Y34GP94KQUQ	4.0	Very good purchase.	2	3	This is an excellent compromise in a tablet. For me It was a bit of a learning curve to go from a Nexus 7 tab with Android 4.4 to Samsung Galaxy Tab A with Android 5. But the one inch larger size was very important to me, as was the upgraded operating system that is very powerful.
RKCFU8X0KY24P	4.0	No regrets here.	2	3	No regrets here. I bought this tablet, a Bluetooth keyboard case, a 64gb microSD and a screen protector about two months ago for an overseas trip and have been happy with this product. I use it daily for streaming, downloading, games, and video chatting.
R1YV9W7P6B9J1M	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Fantastic, easy to use, great battery life
R1JD0EDQXCGH9L	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	No question this is the best i-pad made.
R1NXLDWHDM0R14	5.0	Fits real nice, slim and made real	1	1	Fits real nice , slim and made real well
R1Q8FV7UCDSZM5	4.0	It's a good tablet, but like all Android devices has way ...	2	3	It's a good tablet, but like all Android devices has way too many apps that I don't use, which uses memory, and you can't disable them without messing up the other apps. Get rid of all the unnecessary apps and you'll get 5 stars.
R1I8GCGY4NAB3Z	5.0	Best tablet ever!	2	3	Best tablet ever! Defintely recommend. Quick, efficient, perfect size. Absolutely LOVE! I previously was using the Tab 3 and am very happy with all of the updates done in this new tablet. Received on time.
R2OGVXO7HHLDGE	4.0	Very good table, i upgraded with a 64GB card	0	0	Very good table, i upgraded with a 64GB card. It has FREE Microsoft (Word, Excel and Powerpoint). I see complaints about graphics but it's ok to me for netflix, games, browsing, etc. The price is very good too. Actually i got 2 more for my brother and my father.
R2EBKZHLFCRBKX	5.0	The perfect solution for my husband's reduced mobility	2	3	The perfect solution for my husband's reduced mobility; he can access the internet and our financial accounts without leaving his chair. There was a learning curve, but he'd be lost without it, now.
R1LL6MS0GYHJA8	5.0	Pleased.	1	1	Exactly what I expected. Pleased.
R2QOR1B6PPA3EK	5.0	Great tablet.	2	3	Bought bigger tablet, returned bigger tablet and used this to replace it. WORKS great. Easy to take with you. Processes commands quickly and has great screen. Love it, great gift for dad.
R16HDHJYM8D6YQ	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	good
R168MZFHD6KD2A	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I absolutely love this cover.
R3AMFRQH7NHUVT	5.0	Awesome	1	1	Birthday gift and I love it.
R12DVWH7XK6SR0	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	A good size for a galaxy tab
RTUQ5HM5P08HV	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	its great solves my purpose
R16YQRN8F6ADV4	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Just got it. So far so good
R1MGSUHSIVSNPU	4.0	My first ever tablet ... so far, so good.	2	3	Seems to be a pretty useful device. Good size screen, light-weight, nice features and reasonable price. Battery life has also been real good.
RPDXT2SQJZ5LC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very impressive so far.
R3ARWM8HSF21FX	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Nice tablet, love it.
R2FWQ9PLM2MQW6	5.0	Big screen = Big smiles	0	0	Got this as a gift for my aging uncle who loves to play casual games on his android phone and he can't stop telling me how much nicer it is to have a bigger screen.
RITNIDMB41ML2	5.0	it has worked very well for him he and is happy with	2	3	This was bought for my husband and is his first tablet. it has worked very well for him he and is happy with it
R1HHTRLUH1J6AV	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Really cool tablet!
R3PWWDP82HAP2E	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	outstanding product
RHCYVPZI23TOM	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Works Great So Far!
RKPA634LO8ISH	5.0	Excellent device!	2	3	Excellent device! Full of apps and details, looks great and is full HD. The Office Pack is real!
R3LDS0FNS9HHW8	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great, of course.
R2GK1GNB2P4D33	5.0	Excellent Price and Product	2	3	Easy to read, easy to operate, great addition to the home Wi Fi network, Thank You
RBTSI8FVUWA6A	5.0	Great tablet!	2	3	Love it. So fast. One con - Wish the the two buttons at the bottom lit up : /
R12AL4ASP5NIS0	4.0	Excellent Value	1	2	I went back and forth over this decision several times. Ultimately I purchased the s-pen version. I own a note 5 and like the stylus experience. The resolution is lower than more expensive models but at the same time it is not the worse I've seen. Runs smooth video and pictures look fine. If the tab s2 had the s-pen and software I would have bought it but it would have been a much higher price. All in all everything considered it's a great inexpensive unit and the benefits far out weigh the screen resolution whining. Samsung products have never let me down.
RUL0EMZ4OFEXK	5.0	better than ipad mini 3.. worth every penny	5	8	Amazing Tab, I bought iPad mini a week ago and was very unhappy with it, then I bought tab A , it's amazing, affordable, offer more functionalities etc. It's worth every penny!! Way better than iPad mini 3.. Don't waste your time n purchase this beauty!
RD8ANDA7DIHOH	5.0	Great electronic	2	3	Simple to use and has everything I need in a simple, portable device.
R2VO6Y160HR6RA	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great table.
RYVK6A2RAC52E	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	NO problems
R2O6SX8LTQR9EZ	5.0	GREAT	0	0	Baught "Good-Like New" and it's perfect. No scratches or anything.
R34TKS8P3DD4VZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent
R1Q32ENK5ETUGD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Liked it.
R2FNXUJ5P0SHK	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	Amazing larger tab especially for the price.
R754RL6U075WI	5.0	Great Tablet at a great price!	1	2	Decided to purchase the 2014 Tab Pro 10.1 over the Tab A 9.7 because of the higher resolution and slightly larger screen and higher camera resolution. The screen size doesnt seem like much but it makes a difference. though it's rated for a 64gb micro SD card, It will operate with a San Disk 128gb card to store and transfer data with no problem!
R5YXAHPWZ8NKM	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excelent
R3PRXWXHJ4C3SK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it!
R288NAX0SPPV6E	5.0	Best tablet, but wish it was super amoled	2	3	Best tablet,but wish it was super amoled.
RF6FX2ASFNJ0N	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	Love this tablet great long battery life.
R22TNKZX467NPL	5.0	So far it good. Easy to set up and use	2	3	So far it good. Easy to set up and use.
R1KRLUA59LOPX7	5.0	very good product I give it 10 stars .	2	3	very good product I give it 10 stars .
R1BQ9UP9M78I44	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	love it
R1MKFJR6S37WER	5.0	love it	1	1	Love it
R3FUEO8YQ3PMZB	4.0	Still mostly love it	2	4	This tablet arrived today so it is a little early for a full review, but I will review anyway. I was looking for a lightweight, fast, and reliable Android table for under $300. This one definitely exceeds my expectations (and at a great price). My husband has a new ipad (not air) that I think its too bulky. Also, I don't love iOS and am not a fan of itunes. So Apple was out for me. I was worried Samsung would add too many layers on top of the pure Android experience, but Lollipop (it upgraded already!) seems to have minimal overt Samsung modifications (at least none that bother me). I am not a heavy video consumer but the few videos I did watch (you tube) looked great to me. Strongly recommend this table at this price point! Update: I've had it for a few days and still love a lot about it. What I don't love: even though I don't watch a lot of video content, the resolution difference between this tablet and my phone is enormous. I didn't think it would matter to me -- but it does. I like reading websites on my phone better, which defeats one of the purposes of this tablet. Also, the touch screen isn't always as responsive as I'm used to. I haven't seen anyone else mention this in the Tab A, so maybe it is just this device. I also get a lag sometimes that I never get on my Moto X (phone). I'm leaning toward returning it right now even though I still think it is a great tablet otherwise. Changed from 5 to 4 stars.
R228WZ4DA6OKXG	4.0	Four Stars	2	3	does exactly what i wanted it for
R2T6XWLD2U695U	5.0	Pleasantly Surprised	2	4	This little thing is awesome. I program Android and iOS so I wanted a device to push my apps to for testing. I ordered a 10.1" Android KITKAT 4.4 [QUAD Core] 32GB Tablet / Dual Cameras / Bluetooth / HDMI - PumpkinX, but all I can do with it is watch it reboot. I was not expecting much more out of this one, meaning I didn't think I would be able to use as a tablet, like my iPad, but I was totally wrong. This thing performs great, the display is awesome, and it has not crashed yet!! I ordered a BMOUO Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 Case with Keyboard - Ultra Slim Detachable Bluetooth Keyboard Portfolio Leather Case Cover for Samsung Tab A 8.0" Inch T350 Tablet , Black Color to use with it. It works great. My wife will use it as her on the go tablet since it fits into her purse. Her iPad does, but it makes it pretty bulky. The camera isn't the best, so that is a slight bummer, but we rarely take pictures with our tablets. We just reach for our iPhones. Very nice device and well worth the price!!!
RJBIT530W8GIY	5.0	Better than the original Nexus 7 times 2	1	2	This is a great tablet and it is way better than the Nexus 7 thstvut replaced. I had read the reviews that the clarity and sharpness of the screen were not that good but don't believe it as this tablet is great.
R386YRZKQUQGUN	5.0	Like it.	0	0	Excellent tablet. Easy to use & program.
R3S4TF0WYGWJ3Q	5.0	Would Buy It Again in a New York Minute	2	4	I've had the Tab A for about a month--have been using it with an OMOTON smart case, an Anker Bluetooth keyboard, and an iKross collapsible stand. I love it. Very portable and convenient-it does what I want (mainly email, internet, writing). More inviting than a full-size laptop and easy to use anywhere (the car, the kitchen table, etc.), which makes it easier to get past writers block (I can use my smartphone as a Wi-Fi hotspot for internet connectivity if need be). The 8" is just the right size for me--screen is big enough to read web pages comfortably but still very portable . No complaints about the screen resolution (I don't watch video on it or play games). Bluetooth connectivity works well (occasional, rare, connection blips). Long-lasting charge. Got helpful free phone support from Samsung. [Note: The advertised free Word and other MS Office applications are extremely limited--not worth downloading.]
R3J0NN97J80FLG	2.0	Speakers Placement is a Loser	2	4	I bought this somewhere else today, I played with it for a couple of hours, I'm returning it tomorrow. It's really a pretty good tablet, the screen resolution is unimpressive but it still looks good, it's light, wifi is excellent (Speedtest showed 5-10% faster than the wifi adapter with antenna plugged into my laptop), Antutu was only about 23k but the OS is very responsive. The deal breaker is the speakers: they are both on the bottom side (at the end with the home button) when the tablet is in portrait position, so if you turn it to landscape position to watch a video all of the sound is coming out of one side of the tablet, makes me feel like I've got something stuffed in one ear. It's really too bad, other than the speakers it's pretty nice. I'm amazed Samsung made such a mistake in the design.
R1G6A59G7SQK3V	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	Outstanding product.
R3NC5N60CLAZB3	3.0	Dissapointing camera and video	7	12	Purchased at a big store with electronics that allowed me to trade in a 1st generation iPad for $100 off this tablet. We were hoping to use it as a basic video camera for capturing video of our new baby. The SD card expansion made it a lot cheaper than an iPad mini with similar storage. Sadly the camera is awful and the video is just ok. It's definitely a bright light camera only. If there is movement at all it will be blurry. I'd say the camera is like a 10 year old digital camera. Barely usable. The screen lags bad as you turn on the camera. I suppose that's related to the slower processer others have mentioned. For what I wanted this tablet for I regret my purchase. My iPhone 5 and old iPad mini take superior pics and video. At least I got a good deal on it and technically it's a working, up to date android tablet. Just not going to recommend it to anyone. It's what professional reviewers have said it is, a new tablet with mediocre specs and not a great value for the money. Nice that it comes with Microsoft office though. Good luck finding a variety of cases for it.
R3QVC6E0VICFX1	5.0	I would recommend it to anyone	1	2	I've only had this for a few days and its my first tablet but so far it far exceeds my expectations. I would recommend it to anyone!
R15NWQC5ZTIOXQ	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	works very well
R2GCBCLX76TNC2	2.0	Clumsy and shameful	2	4	It was a bit slow. Like others have said, resolution is at minimal budget acceptance. Clumsy design and location of speakers - my hands were often covering up the speakers when handling the device. Speaker itself is shamefully under-powered that produce the most minimal low-quality sound. My old kindle keyboard Ereader even has a much better, loud, and clear sound. Had a lot of problems with the device recognizing my taps and had to sometimes repeatedly press buttons. Routinely lost recognition of my SD card until I fully powered down and powered back up. Product returned.
R14WLUTIF69ALV	4.0	Nice for the price.	1	2	Bought this for my wife to replace her Kindle fire. She likes it. It is fast but the screen is not as sharp as my Tab S.
R24YG1HRR1QOUC	5.0	Excellent product	2	3	Great product
R3TW5MDMVD16ES	4.0	Just enough, not too much...	1	2	Nice big screen. Good quality. If you like Android tablets this will be hard to beat for the price!
R12RJLKYUDAEX7	4.0	Four Stars	1	2	as good as ipad but half the price. gave 4 stars because i'm so used to ios.
R33M0G5QO20VJZ	5.0	Excellent tablet. Very good color and very good size ...	1	2	Excellent tablet. Very good color and very good size for my use.
R314AXRSD1FZ5B	5.0	As advertised	1	2	Everything was great. Love the product and the timely shipping.
R1A9K0R7PNZBYC	2.0	1024x768 resolution? Seriously?!	9	15	1024x768 resolution? Seriously?! This is absolutely unacceptable for a tablet in 2015. Major "fail" by Samsung on this one.
RF1JATMAYD4PU	4.0	Better than I expected	1	2	I am really enjoying my new Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8 tablet!
R2POKEXA69C5S5	5.0	Excellent tablet!	1	2	I love it! Very fast , almost work like a mini laptop.
R37EP7RD1WSPB9	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	I love this tablet so much. It's perfect for me..
RLOFC8GDXPKCT	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	This is easy to use, reliable and so much fun
R1PL2YW0NYB39K	5.0	it's wonderful!!	1	2	What can I say............it's wonderful!!!
R31HOBI6956U4S	5.0	Great	1	2	I love my tablet. I am happy I bought it
R3SFPX38PXG3Q9	4.0	Good value for money	0	1	Good value for money. I like the screen, for some reason though it sometimes flashes on and off. This might be a function of the case or the angle that I'm holding it (maybe this is some sort of a feature)... but otherwise does what i bought it for - surfs the web, plays all sorts of movies, reasonably good MS Office performance and no more itunes!
R2E7GWKMPIOIVO	5.0	Excellent	1	2	Got this for my wife and she loves it.
R37PF26EYRWI6U	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	Good
RHKVFWN0VQN8X	4.0	Almost Perfect !	0	1	I wanted to give it a 4.5. Sure, I could have spent $500 for better resolution, but I don't need it. I don't notice very much pix-elation. One of my best apps is Verizon FiOS Mobile. The live TV resolution is quite acceptable. If you want to save some money, this is the one. Battery life is excellent !
R1BHW89Z0IFJGV	4.0	luv my samsung tablet	0	1	I love it .Don't waste your money on a cheap tablet. The one I had before this was a piece of junk .I would have given this a 5 star rating but the screen has a haze on it that wont go away. It's supposed to be new.I hope it is. It works great.! I wouldn't hesitate to buy it again.
R11KKNBO0MOB45	2.0	Take a look at the Pro before buying.	11	19	Just purchased this and returned it 3 days later and purchased the Galaxy Pro (same price) Here are my reasons on why I returned it: - Tab A has a 5mb camera - Pro 8mp - Tab A has 1.2 processor, Pro 1.9 - Tab has a slippery back panel, Pro has leather cover The only reason I purchased the Tab A was it was newer, had an upgraded OS and the buttons where in located on bottom in portrait mode. After a few days of using it, it seems slow when watching youtube and I watch and work on it in landscape mode so the placement of the buttons were better. One more thing on the tab A the navigation buttons on bottom no longer light up. Takes a bit to get used to that.
R3RR579HWSZH9T	5.0	Love our new tablet.	1	2	Absolutely love this thing.
R7M8I6R0671RN	4.0	A Good Samsung tab - may need improvement for resolution	0	1	Being the 3rd Samsung tab I feel very familiar with. The other two still working in the hands of other members of the family. Good quality, good price, comfort with the facilities, it is an instrument for my daily activities.
R3SGT0DHI1YZWN	4.0	Four Stars	1	2	This device is excellent
R3GR7M7G7T03X1	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	This tablet is wonderful
R2MQUQ1HPVS68K	4.0	Love the screen size and the kids mode app	0	1	Bought this for my son to replace his kindle fire. He loves it! The screen resolution seems very clear to me, it doesn't interfere with him playing his games and learning apps. Love the screen size and the kids mode app.
R3DYJO0QPI0KLZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Am enjoying my tablet
R2YYKVWX1M8ZS	4.0	I think this tablet is a good replacement for my I pad that died suddenly	0	1	I think this tablet is a good replacement for my I pad that died suddenly. The 8-inch is a good size for my purpose. I mostly use it for e mail and to check the market on the go.
R2MI16V8X9VO1Q	4.0	It's good, not great.	1	2	Not good. not bad.
R3MPN03R2YCHAC	4.0	works great but don't like that I can't print from it ...	0	1	Is well worth the money spent for it, works great but don't like that I can't print from it but don't know if I can't print because of my old printer, HP Deskjet 3512.
R18KWDFJOYI8WQ	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Wonderful tablet.
R3L2RBVCX0A24J	5.0	Great TAB	1	2	Love the tablet!
R3JN8KDTV8JWSE	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Working perfect
RUR1OI2P3WBIY	4.0	++ Offers many premium app perks for free and holds upto 128GB ++	1	3	Samsung Galaxy Tab A is satisfyingly simple tablet, but its lackluster screen and relatively high price make it forgettable when compared to this Dell version here: http://amzn.to/1GIiqZm THE GOOD: This Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 is thin, light and stylish. It offers many premium app perks for free and its microSD slot accommodates cards up to 128GB. THE BAD: The screen's low resolution looks pixelated on the 9.7-inch screen. Given its average specs, its price feels too expensive.
R3620U41NZD4UA	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Love my tablet
R23ZMIYPCLLLUV	4.0	Four Stars	1	2	great poroduct
R2MZGELXYKTXOU	4.0	Great value tablet that holds up to daily use	0	1	Screen is not as HD as others but with use at average distance this is a non issue. Great value tablet that holds up to daily use.
R16I706SABCBLF	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Satisfactory
R1H77JQZXDA326	2.0	I've always had apple products but decided to go out ...	3	6	I've always had apple products but decided to go out on a limb and get a Samsung however after about a week it keeps shutting down! I've reset it and it's still a problem.
R2NL2UQCWFQTIY	5.0	The Tab A is an excellent tablet for business	1	3	The Tab A is an excellent tablet for business. Simple, easy to use, it works and has all the key features [like Microsoft Office]. The S-Pen is a great feature especially with the Swipe keyboard function - makes email and document creation easy. The Tab A is price right for the Road Warrior. If you drop it or break it, the replacement price is right. Highly recommend this tablet
R1YADLH5SIKHI5	4.0	Love it	0	1	I brought this for my daughter and she loves it. The only downfall is the camera doesn't have flash
RNXLL4VYLWEH2	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Excellent!
R3ASI7YAUFOZWM	5.0	it is great.	2	4	Once you get use to it, it is great.
RCPQCT7C27BIC	5.0	Five Stars	2	4	Got this for my son and he loves it.
R2N08EKN896JR6	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Love it!!
R24QK4Y3XX3MXP	5.0	Excellent product. Talked my husband into this one when ...	0	1	Excellent product. Talked my husband into this one when his died...he is impressed!
R2YI0NX2TWTQZF	2.0	Just ok tablet that sucks for watching movies	2	5	Just ok. It does all the normal Samsung phone stuff except it's not a phone. If you want to watch movies and your movies are on Amazon, you're out of luck. There's no way to download movies to the tablet to watch offline, even movies you own, and streaming movies play in standard definition. I guess if you want to connect to wifi to watch movies in standard definition on a 9" screen, and have the option to split that screen into two 4" windows so you can check email, this tablet would be great for you. But if you own a Samsung phone or iPhone, or an actual TV or laptop for that matter, this is a pass. Don't be seduced by the pretty shiny new toy just because it's new. FWIW, we found the single use functionality of the Kindle Fire to make that a pass as well. I guess we're stuck with our phones and laptops for movies for now.
R1DWOUEWU3GT67	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Great experience so far. It has excel and word. Power poor too
R2NAPNKSW8VRIH	2.0	Poor Resolution...	5	10	I did not purchase through Amazon, however, was given the opportunity to try it out at a store. I cannot believe in todays day and age Samsung would release a 7.9 inch tablet with such a low resolution. In addition, the video and camera quality are poor. I own a 1080p smartphone and would not be able to grow accustomed to the poor screen quality of this tablet. I do believe 6-12 months from now (around the Christmas season perhaps) they will release a high resolution one just as Apple did. Think I'll wait around for that one.... ***UPDATE*** - Just as I thought, Samsung will be releasing a Samsung Galaxy tablet with the same dimensions as the Ipad mini and also a larger one with high resolution and 3 gb ram around the holidays. However, I is called the Samsung Galaxy S2. I'm glad I did not purchase this one.
R38M0RLVPW3AUD	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	As promised. A bit slow loading pages from wireless.
R2KFZGJRXYU4YW	5.0	Daughter loves it	1	3	My daughter loves it. She hasn't complained yet and that my friend says a whole lot about this product. . I would recommend this to everyone.
RXZOFNMPR7XQD	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Good
R1YZM1UC4EHL6W	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I have enjoyed learning how to use it.
R2MRDN907YN6Q7	4.0	Four Stars	1	3	Good extra features in the software, acceptable performance, but the resolution of the screen is a little low
R3SZ3GNMZ8EVZB	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Great Tablet, really enjoying it
RFW619CQPTHLC	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Love it, just what I expected.
R2DYOV7ZGX8YDW	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	Product and service was great
RFADGMW1Z9ZOK	4.0	Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7	0	2	I bought this Tab A 9.7 and am very pleased with it. It does what I want a tablet to do at a nice price. Although the screen resolution is not as good as many others, it is clear and bright and very easy to read emails, documents, internet and the like. It is not as sharp as I would like, especially for photographs. Excellent battery life and WiFi connection speed. Just came back from a road trip up to Canada and WiFi connected quickly in every hotel throughout the trip. I can only give 4 stars because of screen sharpness. I installed a Samsung 64GB SD card and it works great.
R3NKFDO0HIKQHV	4.0	Four Stars	1	3	I'm enjoying this tablet better than the Samsung Galaxy S3
R1MGZJ8TFRTOJS	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	My husband is very impressed with how the tablet work's.
R17NK36QNB36MD	4.0	Four Stars	1	3	Great but the resolution of the screen is not the best.
R1VF1GZJK2OCH7	3.0	Not Working Properly	1	4	I have tried every way there is possible to get this thing set up. Soon as it's turned on & Wifi connects, it tells me that "hangouts" has stopped working. Tried to set up my e-mail accounts, & it gives me "error" messages, Tried to set up the Samsung account, same thing, "error" message. A pop-up message came thru saying Google needs to up-date. Went thru that procedure but it never up-dated message came.....My purpose for buying another Tablet is because my OLD tablet was doing these things, but it is Five years old...time to be tired, This Tablet is supposed to b "new" Something is wrong Internally...I like the tablet & the features IF it was to work properly....I even did mfg reset to start anew & followed the on-screen instructions from my PC. If no one can help, it is on it's way back.....UP-DATE; 5 hours later of trying to make sure that I made no mistakes, this thing still not functioning. these messages are just much...connection failed, yet all other devices connect, authentication failed ...this & that and that & this ..so it's going back. these 10 days have been no fun.
R14583MYH73Z55	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	No comment
R3DC0B7FR7NGA6	4.0	Four Stars	0	1	nice color
R65WN1MQHZVFV	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	Perfect tablet for this price!
R17Z66F0K75J91	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	Just what I was looking for.
R1JEQK3HRIJAHP	3.0	Horrible low-resolution display	1	4	I was looking for a tablet to substitute for a PC while traveling and to replace my 7 inch Kindle Fire HD, which is still working but doesn't charge properly unless one fiddles with the USB plug and has some freezing issues. I bought this because it was a good price for a 10 inch tablet. It looked beautiful and sleek and I eagerly downloaded all my games and apps. But when I checked out the Kindle reader it was such a disappointment! The resolution is awful ... just 1024 x 600 (my 7 inch Kindle FHD is 1280 x 800 and looks so much better). It was like reading something printed on a dot matrix printer (anyone reading this knows what I'm talking about?). I also decided that a 10 inch tablet is much too difficult to hold when reading or playing games. So I returned it the next day and have now bought an ASUS 8-inch tablet which has an amazing high resolution display.
R130N38BF13A7R	4.0	Major UP'S and DOWN'S in a very SHORT REVIEW	8	16	I had the opportunity to test the 9.7 and so far I am not very impressed. Four starts are given due to some good side of the tablet. I made this review very simple and short. Hopefully help you decide if this tablet is the right one for you or not. ░░░░░THE UPSIDES (The ones that really matter in this tablet)░░░░░ ❖ Provides inbuilt memory storage of 16/32 GB and expandable memory via microSD, upto 128 GB( this is a + since companies are taking this feature away little by little). ❖ Available in different colors( to me that is not a big deal anymore). ❖ Its Solid build, Slim 7.5 millimeters, UMTS and LTE, Accurate localization, Smooth operation, Comfortable voice control, Decent camera, Bright screen, High viewing angle stability, High performance. . . ❖ . . .Most other feature are not that great to mentioned again and again since they are the universal features in every tablet now days. ░░░░░THE DOWNSIDES░░░░░ ❖Non-removable Device. Cover. Etc. ❖Its display has worst pixel density and looks mediocre.Really! ❖It is heavy to carry Then average tablet. Other reviewers mentioned that its pretty light. I had several tablets and I think its not the lightest I have had. ❖Battery back up is very poor it will drain very fast even with minimum usage as far as my experience goes. Maybe I got a bad batch. ░░░░░BOTTOM-LINE░░░░░ Tablet cost is not cheap. If the price was little lower. Size is perfect. Wish the Resolution was better compare to other tablets around the corner. ░░░░░If you like this review, please mark this review as helpful! Also, feel free to ask me questions about the tablet. Thank you for reading░░░░░
R2549GUJGPAAM	1.0	help with tablet	7	14	I have received the tablet & case. I love the case as well as the tablet except everytime the charger is taped or hit from moving tablet screen locks and turns off and even if the charger isn't turned on and you move the tablet it turns off. Also if you press home or the lock button and it goes black it doesnt let you unlock it right away and the screen cuts in and out when doing so... Doesnt happen all the time but often enough to where it's becoming a noticeable problem! Any help is very much appreciated
R2ULNRGNMURBJU	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	absolutely loved it
R1P5SX53AZP73Y	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Great but problem in screen resolution just and battrey
R2AUXCL6ZFAZ48	4.0	Nice Tablet	2	5	Like it but prefer the Galaxy Tab S 8.4
R1ZS232V9A053K	3.0	It's a tablet. It does tablet things and nothing more.	2	6	Decent tablet for the price, nothing too fancy by any means, but has a good display, super light weight and it's a nice iPad Mini like size. I would recommend anyone in this price range either spend a little more or find a used iPad Mini instead. This isn't a BAD tablet, but it's a $199 tablet at best. Over all it's fine for web browsing and reading books but not good for anything more than that. It struggles with anything graphic intensive. Even just loading webpages and apps it's not very fast. Just slow performance from something that's brand new for 2015.. It's a tablet, it does tablet things. It looks nice, it's lightweight. If you like the Samsung ecosystem you're good to go there. I wish the menu / back buttons on the bottom were illuminated like they are on the Samsung phones.. My last issue is there is a lack of accessories. Just a bunch of "folio" type cases.. I'd prefer something more rugged. But that's a result of the tablet being so new.. so not really a fault of the tablet. It's okay. Not too impressed. Just a tablet by Samsung.
R3IVS7FF9EBYBA	1.0	Overpriced piece of junk	12	23	First, I have Galaxy S5 and Tab 3 8", and a new Samsung 55" Smart TV. My niece needs a tablet for her school because her Note 10.1" stop connecting to wi-fi. Galaxy Tab A just came out, and I thought this Tab A 8" would be a good replacement although a bit more than what I paid for my Tab 3 8". Not really. Out of the box, I was disappointed with the resolution. Then when I tried to move from screen to screen, it froze from time to time. Next thing is Screen Mirroring. What's showing on TV screen is only 1/3 of the TV screen. Even my S5 shows a full screen. My 2 years old Tab 3 8", which runs on an old Droid 4.2, is a thousand times better and has a lot more features than this Tab A, which is running on a brand new Lollipop 5.0. After two days of frustration and disappointment, I returned it. Going to get my niece Tab 3 8" where everything works perfectly, at a much cheaper price.
R1828BPO7TCFIQ	1.0	The screen resolution is so bad! Shame on Samsung and Amazon for selling it in the modern tablet market!	19	35	This is a nice tablet for the price, but, the screen resolution is a real problem. I understand that the price and size of the tablet is a huge bargain, and I love it, but the blurred screen that is due to the lack of a higher resolution is a huge bother to me. It could have been much better. Even for a budget tablet. Everything else is very nice. Update: I hadto edit my review and i really hated to, but this tablet is not very good at all. I had such high hopes for it too. The screen ruins it. If you read on this thing it will ruin your eyes. It is way too blurry! Very bad! I am so mad... I have been a very very avid amazon customer for a decade. I buy almost everything from here, but this product is so inferior I am just insulted. This should be taken off the shelves and go in for a redo hahaha!
R2P43EKXG5E2PW	5.0	Loved it!	1	3	Loved it!
R3PM4AOYL104WP	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	love it!
R3BE6PL6QVD7G0	4.0	Four Stars	1	3	Good one
R3BCOGVU97GXI4	5.0	Five Stars	2	5	Exactly what I wanted
R3EQHR4Q1O646M	3.0	good with A FEW problems!!!	2	6	its not bad, but here a few problems, 1. the navigation buttons only "sometimes" light up, (still no fix from what i can find) 2. the app drawer, IT CANT BE ALPHABETICAL, its all custom arrangement, took me hours of work to get something basic so it didnt drive me mad, seriously, no alphabetical apps.... and 3. and to this day i have NO idea what these are for, WHAT ARE THOSE CIRCLES ON THE BACK! the instruction manual, says nothing, the websites say nothing, but all the pictures and everything have these little push in circles, for like NO reason, if anyone knows what these are please... tell me
R1XOZSKWEEBEUP	4.0	Functionally it works great. Display is lower quality than expected	1	4	Functionally it works great. Display is lower quality than expected. And the back and app buttons are very sensitive. Was a gift for my girlfriend. She loves it so that's all that matters.
R1Z1KXJT7M3KTB	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Very good he is very goodness person.
R306L3ROOSOF9B	4.0	Four Stars	0	2	Exactly what I was looking for.
R33POQJO4URUC9	4.0	Four Stars	1	4	Delay a little bit but the color is awesome and works pretty well
R1H96LM4G78174	5.0	Fast service	1	4	Always extremely pleased with purchases made on Amazon
R1SB2LOK9IO9H9	5.0	Five Stars	1	4	Tablet works awesome, got a 128gb memory stick for it
R2520727BMB81H	5.0	Five Stars	1	4	works as expected
R102AO8XBC8IFM	5.0	Five Stars	0	3	Great item, never opened wanted to exchange for 10" screen but was unable to get label. Still in package.
R3E24626BG35OG	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	👍
R3B5OTN8CHHC3J	3.0	Three Stars	0	3	its ok it lags and hangs maybe defective
R3W4Q0W2C5WIQL	1.0	Terrible. Do not buy.	6	17	Do not buy this unless you never plan to update the pre-installed apps, add new apps, or run any apps (you tube, netflix...anything) for an extended period of time. Doing any of those activities will freeze it in it's place after seconds - or minutes if lucky. Bought on June 24th as a future Christmas present for my daughter as her 3 year old Galaxy Tab 10.1 was beginning to act it's age. Fast forward to August 4th, 4 days after my return window has closed, and the old Galaxy Tab fatally fails. I give the new A8 to my daughter early and it's utterly useless. What a waste of $200+.
R256MZHE8VDNHO	1.0	4 hours gone.	1	7	Spent 4 hours downloading apps. Restarted tablet and everything disappeared. All my apps. All my settings. Everything go be. Reset itself just because I turned it off and back on.
RYO7OBXWL06O0	3.0	Three Stars	0	5	Very slim and easy to operate.
R3VHXP6RBA6JCA	1.0	Reading glasses required	3	12	Equipped with a EGA graphics card. Boy did I get burned on this one. I would have sent it back if I hadn't waited so long to open the package.
R2LJJDV3IZUL36	4.0	Four Stars	0	7	Great product only down fall it's difficult to pause movies
RK41KAAXSMX4E	3.0	Three Stars	1	9	ni ce tablet bit missing headphone
R1K2Y6LXUVGZU	3.0	Three Stars	0	7	i thought it had more gigs on it
R2ZA6TM6QAACUO	5.0	Five Stars	0	9	HfjcGv, cngdkgdyshfsiy
R2XN9HJA0QGJQ1	1.0	Worked great form about 6 months	1	14	Worked great form about 6 months. Stopped working, would not charge, would not go on.......nothing.......dead. Sent to Samsung electrical guy (who he was God only knows....it was not Samsung). The repair person returned it 3 weeks later. It worked for about 6 more months.....just beyond the warrantee. Now the thing may work sometimes. It goes of all by itself...won't start up. Then I plus the recharge adapter into it 400-500 times and then it may start up. However, only for a couple days.....then the same garbage all over again. Now I have to pay for the service to fix it. I would rather throw the thing into the river....which I may do today. Thank God I did not put anything on this piece of junk that I care about. Mine is the Galaxy 3.....I will never buy another.
R3BVJE7UIJF9AJ	1.0	One Star	2	21	It didn't reach my expectations. Sorry.
R3OXPVDI9CC58N	1.0	Really like the size though	0	18	Person who I bought this for didn't want it, so it was returned. Really like the size though. And it was really light. If I had bought it for me, I would have gotten titanium grey.
R3IP45K2AFLBOQ	1.0	Disappointed!	3	39	So disappointed with the USB cord length.. Really Samsung??? Think I will return tablet over this.
