R2WH71EG9TLZPG	3.0	I wanted to like this tablet...ended up somewhat disappointed	980	1010	I bought this tablet for its size, economical price point, and the ability to watch content offline. And it offers exactly that...but falls short on performance parameters. If you're price sensitive and are looking for a value tablet, large screen, and the ability to watch content offline, this is a great device to get. However, if you already have an earlier Kindle like the HDX 8.9 or even an earlier version of the Fire, I recommend keeping your tablet since this device wouldn't really be a worthwhile upgrade. I have been disappointed with several operating shortcomings of the device. The - constant freezing of the device, - slow speed to load apps, - significant lags when switching apps that only become worse as you load more stuff on the tablet, - erratic wifi connection that drops often and the ensuing trouble to connect back to the same network, and - the frequent need to reboot the device, all factors made this a frustrating device to own . The HDX is far better in every aspect, heck even the original Fire 7 runs better than this device. The only good things about this device are the screen size and the MicroSD slot. So if you're only watching videos on this, and would like to have the option of watching content offline when you're traveling, this tablet would be just fine. Otherwise, the HDX is still a better option, or you could get the 7" or 8" Fire models. Those are priced cheaper and work better. Original review is below --- For the price point and size alone, the Fire HD 10 would seem like a good deal. For its performance, however, it falls short of expectations. I would probably rate it a 3.5 overall. If it wasn't for the price, the rating would have been even lower. This is a value mid-tier device with a screen size that is good for videos, but the tablet's weight makes it cumbersome for reading books, and it has a number of flaws that need to be ironed out with (hopefully) future software updates. QUICK SUMMARY: PROs - Price, speakers, picture quality is great, good screen size for watching videos, expandable memory slot (great for viewing content offline), good mid-tier tablet specially for watching videos. CONs - Lags significantly when switching or starting/closing apps (runs fine once an app is open), battery life is horrible, tablet size makes one-handed reading difficult. Meant to be a mid-tier tablet and it is exactly that. The device is claimed to be "Designed for Entertainment" - true, but I would also add "Not designed for performance". --- FORM FACTOR - The tablet is thin and light, doesn't feel like such a large tablet given its thin form factor. The device measures 10.3" x 6.3", slightly taller and narrower than the iPad Air which is 9.4" x 6.6". The screen when viewed in landscape mode is great for videos. Apart from the increased size, it feels sleeker and less boxy compared to previous Fire models. However, one-handed reading is not very comfortable on this device specially with a case on it. SPEAKERS - The dual stereo speakers are superb, definitely one of the finer points of this tablet. At full volume, this tablet is loud (even with Amazon's case on it which has a cutout for the speakers). I have always preferred to use NR headphones to watch videos since I feel they deliver better sound quality, but the speakers on this tablet eliminate the need for headphones, the sound is just that good. Note that give the location of the speakers, the sound may get slightly muffled if you're sitting in bed watching videos in portrait mode, since softer surfaces will come very close to the tablet. EXPANDABLE MEMORY - The tablet comes with a MicroSD card - a very useful feature to have particularly when traveling or if you wish to watch content offline. Accessing the card slot is a little tricky, but once I was able to get it in the slot, it has been sitting in the slot securely. With the ability of viewing offline content viewing with Prime membership, you can download and watch movies and shows even when Wi-Fi isn't readily available. This makes the microSD card slot a very welcome addition, especially for long trips. I'm glad this feature is finally available. SCREEN - The screen is made of gorilla glass, similar to previous Fire versions. The display is 1280x800 which looks sharp, technically short of most tablet specs, but it looks good. For comparison purposes, the Fire HDX 8.9 has a 2560x1600 display. SPEED: The device is slooww - this is due to several bugs in the OS, which should hopefully be fixed soon. But for now, the device lags when performing basic operations like loading a video, or switching from one app to another. This is more noticeable when you are switching from one app to another, or closing a video and starting an app. If you switch from landscape mode to portrait mode, the device takes a few seconds to make the switch to the screen. The lag is most apparent at the time of switching or starting/closing apps for the first few seconds, but once an app or video is loaded, it runs fine after that. BATTERY - Battery life is horrible, so far in my experience it runs out within a few hours even though the advertised battery life is 8 hours on a full charge. I was barely able to squeeze out 4 hours from it. Again, low price equates to a subpar power battery I guess. Given the fact that both the charging port and the headphone jack are close to each other, watching videos in portrait mode can be cumbersome. This makes it difficult to watch and charge the tablet at the same time (and since the battery life is just ok, I definitely want to be charging my Fire while watching videos so it doesn't run out). Switching to landscape mode solves the problem, you can charge and use the headphone jack together. CAMERA - The Fire 10 has a 5MP rear camera. This is good enough for a tablet which is not really my first choice for taking pictures, it's useful for situations when I don't have access to my phone. The 720p front facing camera for video calls is just fine as well. APP STORE - The app store remains the same Amazon app store. Still no Google Play unfortunately. The tablet looks and feels so much like a Android tablet, so it seems strange to not have Google Play. If the Amazon app store had as many apps or games as Google Play, this wouldn't have been an issue. However, the app selection available at least as of now is skeletal. NO MAYDAY BUT SCREEN SHARING FEATURE - Unlike previous Fire models, this model does no support MayDay, at least not yet. However, it does come with Screen Sharing which allows a customer service technician to access your tablet with your permission to help you navigate through the tablet or solve any technical issues you may be facing. This is good enough for me in case I need help, I'm not crazy about actually seeing the rep that I'm talking to. BOTTOM LINE - Overall this is a decent mid-tier tablet - value for money given its size and price point. And that's what it's really meant to be. Yes, it's not great, but then it's not $600 either. If you are looking to buy a basic tablet primarily to enjoy the large screen when watching videos, this is a good value proposition. WHICH ONE TO BUY? - If you are looking purely for a basic value device, for yourself or your kids, that gives you access to the Amazon ecosystem without caring for audio/video quality, the 7" at $49.99 is probably the best option. However, with the slightly increased real estate and added features (better processor, screen, speakers, expandable memory slot), the 8" tablet gives you just enough to spend the extra $100 for a better user experience. If you want a basic tablet for watching videos and playing games and definitely care about screen size, the 10" Fire HD for an even additional $80 is a decent option. The added $80 does deliver a better watching experience compared to smaller tablets.
R3UZGVXM3XMBZL	5.0	Simply gorgeous	383	395	I previously owned an Asus infinity with 10 inch screen until it died on vacation and I grabbed the smaller 8 gb fire during the one day sale. I could not get used to the small screen or lack of storage so here I am with the new 10 inch fire. If you liked your fire 7 you will love this. The 32 gb is sufficient itself for downloading tons of books, music, and a couple of movies and games but when you pair that with the ability at last to use a memory card (and it's about time Amazon makes a version that can do this) the storage is enough for even most power users! Set up is a breeze just follow the onscreen instructions. Within minutes out of the box I was surfing the web, checking my email and posting on Facebook. After charging the battery to full I streamed a one hour tv show from Netflix and when I checked afterwards the battery was still at 95 percent. I am writing this review on it right now. If you have prime you can download a movie to watch later without needing your wifi which is a big plus for me as we are in storm season here so when the power goes out I can at least watch a movie.
R2KERUQ3ZE6R83	5.0	Keeps Getting Better, Especially for Comic Readers	496	530	This is my 4th Kindle Fire, I also have the first generation, an 8.9” HDX and the new 6”. The first thing that impresses is how thin and light this new model is, despite being the largest Fire to date. I love the more narrow, widescreen design of the screen, perfect for watching videos and reading books in portrait mode. Anyway, before I get carried away gushing, I’ll just list my pros and one or two cons, to make this easier to read and save time. PROS: Wide screen design is perfect for videos and allows more text on a page for books. The stereo speakers sound incredible, even better than the previous HDX model For comic book readers; comics purchased from Amazon now utilize the active panel reading mode from Comixology. I was wondering when Amazon was going to incorporate this feature for their comics, finally! Battery life seems to be similar to my 8.9” HDX, but I’m happy with that considering the larger screen and thinness of the device. Considerably faster response time across the board. Finally! We can add a micro SD card to expand storage capacity! Yay! The camera takes photos that are much better quality than previous Fire CONS: Would have preferred a rubberized back and case. The glossy finish is a fingerprint magnet also. Still deciding on the new software layout, maybe it’s because I’m so familiar with the old Fire OS, but let’s just say I’m not blown away be the design so far.
ROFMN6Q4KZJNM	1.0	NOT THE PRODUCT I WAS HOPING FOR~ But thank goodness for returns and refunds!	814	897	I pre-ordered mine and was super excited to receive it promptly on Sept 30th, I ordered a case as well as the san disk of which I have yet to receive, no problem anyway don't need it as I'm returning my tablet. Huge disappointment to say the least, I have the second generation tablet fire HD7 and the Fire 8.9 both excellence products so I had high expectations for the newest member the fire HD 10~ first issue I encountered was the power button I had to push the button 4 times before it would fire up, then there was a problem with installation and backup, I have a lot of books and music on my original fire HD7 tablet it being my first kindle tablet I made the most of it I have to say I have never encountered any issues that couldn't be fixed and am still enjoying to this day. the second issue with the fire HD 10 was loading, freezing, connection, and re-start issues, I have the same games on my fire HD7 and 8.9 DHX kindle when I installed the same game to the fire HD 10 I encountered loading, freezing, lost connection and re-start issues, I had to call customer service to load my books and the tech guy of whom I had to talk to in costa rica was difficult to understand I had to keep asking him to repeat himself, it took a very long time and I was instructed to do a hard re-set only after a few times did we manage to enable the books to download before that I couldn't open them, I called customer service the next day and asked them to send me out another fire HD 10, I explained the issues I was encountering with the fire HD 10 and she had another sent out the very next day I thought maybe I got a dud Hey! it happens! I needed to compare the new one which BTW was delivered in a soft brown wrapper instead of a box and the packaged was torn thank you!! :( I let the new fire HD 10 go through the cycle of downloads and backups which I thought went more smoothly then the first fire HD 10 that had been sent out I also fired up my fire HD7 and the 8.9HDX so I had 4 tablets going of course my first 2 gave me no problems what so ever (I knew they wouldn't) then comparisons to all 4 in terms of loading and connection issues both fire HD10 failed to meet the standards that the new fire HD 10 claims, I'm returning both plus the case when Amazon comes to their senses and redesigns the fire HD 10 to comply with the claims they make then I'll just leave well enough alone. and what's with the power button? its like you need to hold it before the tablet will fire up and compared to my second generation fire HD 7 and my 8.9HDX this one failed, sorry Amazon you'll have to do a heck of a lot better than the fire HD10 before I shell out big bucks for another dud!! I've been a prime member for a long time and enjoy the many benefits, I'm only giving you my honest opinion. if you revamp the fire HD10 I might give it another try but for now I have to pass, and having customer service send out another one to help me figure out if it was just the first one being a dud or what now I know. thank you for reading my review and to those who make the decision to buy one hope it works out better for you than it did for me. sorry for any miss-spelled words hope you understood what I was trying to convey.
R1H9TDO8DX5HGF	1.0	Amazon made a cheap tablet...	118	129	This is the third Kindle I have purchased. I still have my original reader from when they first came out, Its a wonderful device. I also bought one of the first Fire Tablets that came out, that was a very functional device. It was easy to read, movies were fun to watch and it was very functional. The New Fire 10.1 is disappointing. I agree with the reviews out there that Amazon missed the mark on this device. Its pretty to look at when not turned on, but turn it on and that is where the disappointment starts. The device doesn't have enough pixels to make for a sharp image. The device sounds awesome on the amazon site, but, that is where it stopped. There is not enough video memory on the tablet to make it useful and the processor lacks speed to make movies flow. I tried one movie on the Fire today after receiving it, it was making me dizzy. It was so out of focus from the action that I had to turn to off. The movie was on prime. Also, the Fire is for reading of Kindle books, the lettering is fuzzy because the pixel density is not there. It makes ones eyes tired reading , that should not happen Amazon. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. Really Amazon? This is the best you guys can offer? I know you went for a cheap tablet, but really? I guess I will spend the extra money and get a full use tablet. I guess you really do get what you pay for.
R2JXA4HNGMY79S	5.0	It's the perfect wish fulfillment machine	91	99	My FIVE star rating means "I love it!" The back story is that I am an unashamed Amazon fanboy. The only thing I look for in an Amazon produced product (or any other) is will it suit my needs. The new Fire 10 HD is most certainly what I hoped it would be. The setup (it downloads updates) can take an hour or so (while you explore its features - while plugged in to its included small power brick). Mine had about a 60% charge right out of the box. I had pre-ordered mine a few weeks earlier. It came on the day promised. To prevent moisture damage it arrived with the actual unit in a shrinkwrap plastic which I left in place until my screen cover arrives (just punched a hole in it for the power cable and the earphone jack). Just like a Windows installation, it will give you the chance to select the level of privacy you want. Amazon, to help it sell you more stuff, hopes you grant it the ability to hoover up details of your photos, browsing, etc. I declined most of that. You can change your selections later. If, like me, you have bought music on Amazon the Fire 10 will list all selections available for you to hear online or download. BTW I bought the 32GB version. I would have bought a larger capacity if it had been available. But I suppose Amazon will bring out a more advanced version of this product in a year or so. Background on my tablets/phones: my first Fire was the original with (I think) just 8GB of memory. It's now obsolete and has a date with the crusher. Within this past year I bought the Fire Phone (the one Amazon just discontinued selling). Shame - it love it, too. Best phone I ever had. Flawless operation. I wanted a new tablet to replace the aforementioned original Fire tablet as well as an original Apple 64GB tablet, also obsolete. I have the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 also bought within the last year. I like that a lot, too. But I still wanted a tablet of 10" to 12" which would work well for reading the books, music, and videos I buy on Amazon. Unlike many of the earlier reviewers (which I haven't read since they include fanboys of other devices as well as the usual suspects who have a wishlist of features a mile long which no material device can satisfy), I have taken a few days to try the features the Fire 10 Tablet ACTUALLY has. Since the technical features are shown extensively on the Amazon page for the Fire 10, I'll just say it does everything rather well. I just watched a PRIME download of the film "Transformers: Extinction" which played flawlessly using my 130Mbps router download speeds. Your WiFi service should take the blame if video or any other aspect of the online performance is lacking. Speaking of internet performance, the Amazon browser and general performance of Amazon's OS is extraordinarily improved from my original Fire. It keeps track of what you are doing but dumps memory on inactive processes (as it should), and dims and shuts off the screen promptly to conserve power. Viewing a long movie (Transformers) the power on battery only went down hardly 40%. So, you could get at least two long movies on a flight, in the car with kids, etc. The main screen not only has the specialized screens shown as tabs at the upper part, but all you have to do to move along the screen selections is swipe the large screen right or left like most cell phones will do. The latest Fire OS is excellent. Take a few days of exploring the SETTINGS button features. If you think you have a problem, go there. You can adjust all sorts of operating parameters - no need to get upset and call Amazon for help. You are in charge of this talented machine! Learn how to use it to its fullest. And nobody uses printed manuals anymore for devices like this. Just play around with it. You won't break anything. Have fun exploring it! For those who say it won't do everything an iPad or other Android device (Fire OS is based on Android but produces it's own flavor) I have news: It's not supposed to! It will do many similar things (including running Google apps if you are willing to take the trouble to learn how to do that - it's technique is online). But this is the Soul Of A New Machine, like that book by Tracy Kidder from the MiniComputer era, Remember that? The Fire 10 HD is designed to get and keep you in the Amazon ecosystem. THAT'S IT! Anything more than that, from Amazon's viewpoint, is just icing on the cake. As an Amazon fanboy I'm content with that. I've already shopped using the Fire 10 and have placed my first order (for a screen protector film). BTW, I bought the non-sponsored version. Pay no attention to the complainers who didn't and are now complaining about pop-up ads. Tough! Spend a little more. If you can't, don't buy a device like this. The competing tablets don't have a sponsored version for cheapskates. They just charge up to a 50% premium on the cost of their tablets. As mentioned earlier, my ability to read my extensive purchases of books, and listen to my extensive purchases of music flawlessly in a larger format than previously was a major reason I unhesitatingly ordered this. I have enjoyed trying its features with perfect results every time. The 128GB microSD card I ordered at the same time just arrived a few days after the Fire 10 HD. It's a little fiddly to insert it in the jack on the right side at the top. Just goose the tiny plastic cover and it swings down. Insert the card with the contacts facing back and press firmly (maybe a few times to make sure). Do this while the Fire 10 is OFF. Cards don't like to be put into "hot" circuits. Turn the Fire 10 on and press the SETTINGS button, go to STORAGE, select the card and you will see that the default is to allow the unit to download videos, music, books, apps, etc. to the card. That takes a load off the core memory of the unit and it should run better in the long term. A category 10 card is recommended. Earlier card specs might not be optimum. Also, I tried pairing the bluetooth in the unit to my bluetooth enabled table radio and it works well. I stream my Amazon music purchases to the Fire 10 and listen on my good quality radio. Even so, the tiny speakers in the Fire 10 aren't too shoddy. But a modern film deserves top sound reproduction to enjoy those roars, thumps, booms, shots, yells, and background music. The unit is twice the surface area of my original Fire tablet and it's about half as thin. It is FAST, FAST, FAST. The Fire 10 internet browser brings up pages just as fast as my quad core CPU powered desktop computer which is on high speed Ethernet, not the 5GHz WiFi that the Fire uses (2.4GHz also available). Use 5GHz internet WiFi if you have it available through your router. There is lots less interference from other neighborhood users slowing the speed. You can find an adapter available to plug an HMDI cable into the Fire through its micro USB jack to put the screen to your TV. It does have mirroring, too, but I haven't tried that. Batteries used in devices like the Fire 10 are not user replaceable so it's best not to run it flat but instead recharge when it's no less than 40% or so. Keep the total discharges to a minimum. These types of batteries are designed to accept only a certain number of charges. If you can, use it mostly in one place and keep it on the charger cord most of the time. Save the mobile uses for special occasions. You may get years of use from this. The battery in my original Fire tablet still works. The batteries in my older iPods still work. At the pace of technology today, obsolescence is what kills devices. But remember that Amazon builds these Fire 10s to a price point. Drop it, a kid pounds the screen with his fist, it gets left in a wet place ... All bets are off. These are not military spec devices. They have a Planned Obsolescence factor which may just allow it to survive until a new model arrives. Some won't. The truth is: No one NEEDS a Fire 10. It's just built to keep us amused until something else comes along. RECOMMENDED
R2J94KPEQNPUTV	2.0	So disappointed in this new Kindle	81	88	So disappointed in this new Kindle. Maybe it is because I have had the higher end Kindles and know what a Kindle is capable of doing. This one does not even come close I have every generation of Kindle made, 8 Kindles in all, and this one is a complete disappointment. From the start it did not work well, the video quality is poor at best, the sound is terrible, the WIFI antenna is substandard and overall, and very slow. What can one expect of the price I guess. I am a big Amazon fan and will continue to be, but they really need to take this Kindle off the market so that their reputation doesn't go to hell. So unfortunate that they put out a product like this. STAY WITH THE GENERATION 4 KINDLE FIRE HDX *.9". This tablet is fantastic and is well worth the money. Remember, you get what you pay for.
R2RU9FO8I42BIC	1.0	Very disappointed in the Kindle Fire 10.1	86	94	Purchased this Kindle for the increased screen size expecting the same quality as my family has experienced with the other Kindle products, but we were so disappointed. Placed this Kindle side by side with the Kindle HDX and compared WiFi connection, etc. The Kindle 10.1 had very low WiFi connection and took a long time to download an app. Features that we use on the HDX were not available on the Kindle 10.1 and we found it hard to navigate. We returned the Kindle 10.1 for a refund and will be hesitant in the future to order any new Kindle product until we have a chance to read reviews. Personally I think Amazon has made a big mistake in the release of a product that is apparently cheaply made and lacks the features and workmanship of the Kindle HDX that customers have came to expect. If they released this product hoping to build their satisfied customer base I am afraid they are going to be very disappointed.
R3EPT0KTN2GWSR	3.0	Fairly Disappointing	467	538	To sum up what I will tell you about in the details below, for $230 you are getting a good deal on a large tablet computer - especially if you compare it to the $379 for last year's base unit of the 8.9” Fire HDX and the $500 or more you can spend on a Wi-Fi base version of the iPad Air. However, if you are an existing large screen Fire user and your unit is fine, as someone who has used and tested each version of the Fires as they came out I would strongly recommend you not upgrade as there are a lot of quirks to this one that are just annoying to me. If you are a first-time tablet buyer looking for the larger screen size, or where price vs. value is a key consideration, I'd recommend this one. As a heavy user of Fires for several years now, I’m fairly disappointed in this year’s model. I’ve been playing with this for over a couple of days now, and my review below compares several of the features of this version of the Fire to last year’s 8.9” Fire HDX but also some of the features for a first-time user. Initial setup of this year's model took a while as the Fire could not “see” my WiFi connection (while every other device could) as well as due to significant hangs and crashing issues due to an immediate operating software update. New Tabs and Screen Layout: In addition to the normal tabs Amazon has significant changes with the look and feel to the overall display such as different fonts and sizes and not showing all of the icons in a particular tab. For example, you may have 30 books on your Fire, but it will only show a few of them in a larger size, then you have to scroll around to hunt and find. Also, if you are looking at your material stored on the Cloud (books, music, etc.), it consistently does not show all of your stuff – you can tap the menu items to show all of your books on the cloud by title, and it won’t show them all. I’ve had to go to the Amazon website, find a particular title on the manage your content section of the website, then have the server send it to my Fire. That’s a pain in the neck, as you lose any bit of convenience by not being able to see all of your items on the Fire. Because of this, and the time it takes to stop what I’m doing to go to my computer to send something to the new Fire because it won’t recognize the full cloud library, I wish I could return this and will continue to use last year’s 8.9” version of the Fire instead of this one. Screen Display / Video Playback: If video is your thing, this version of the Fire is better than last year as it has the absolute best screen display of any Fire model to date: I’ve been comparing various episodes of the first season of the “Breaking Bad” TV show to each of the previous Fire models and I am very impressed at the picture quality. Looking at the technical specs Amazon made some major changes in the display / resolution, and the picture appears more crisp. Wi-Fi Connectivity: As mentioned above, the Fire had a hard time seeing my WiFi connection, and it continues to do that as I take it from home to work – I’ve had to reboot it several times at each location just to get it to see a network in order to connect. Data transfer speeds are the same as the previous models of Fire – it’s fast in the normal places it is fast and slow in those same slow places with similar devices. Sound / Music Playback: The two speakers are located on the side of the Fire in two not-noticeable port. My usual test of this feature is cranking up Van Halen's “Panama” to maximum volume (I always want to see if it could really play the guitar licks and hear the bass), and I would alternate covering one speaker up over the other: you have true stereo sound with no degradation of the sound that makes you think you are about to blow the speaker. The speakers sound nice and you do get to hear the bass. If you are using a cover with the Fire, the sound gets somewhat distorted and you have to make sure you angle the cover the right way to have the sound bounce off of the cover and in the direction you may be sitting. One thing to point out is there is not a default equalizer with this Fire: everything sounds the same. To get the most out of the bass and treble, as well as to turn down the mid-range, I highly recommend you downloading and installing one of the many free equalizer apps here from the Amazon app store as it makes a huge difference, especially if you are listening with headphones. Reading Books: Turning pages is easy - just tap the side of the screen to go to the next page or back a page, or you can swipe your finger across the screen to do the same. Game Apps: Playing most of the games I play on my tablet is a much better visual experience than the 8.9” HD model, although there are several of them that look worse with this version of the Fire: I attribute it to this version of the Fire having a longer aspect ratio, which distorts some of the graphics. If you are new to the tablet world, need (vs. want) a new one, or are looking to upgrade from a smaller size I would say go ahead and get this one if video and apps are your thing. If you're comparing last year's 8.9” model to this version and it is operating fine, I'd say save your money and continue to get your money's worth out of last year's model. As someone who has always looked forward to the new version of a Fire, I’m not that excited about it and will continue to use last year’s model.
RMWHLFHHPIFSW	5.0	Collections for my book organization is back!	47	50	My original kindle keyboard had collections to organize my books. My two previous Fire tablets (HD 7 and later 8.9) did not have this capability without downloading an app. So pleased that this has collections have returned The new 10 inch is impressive. Very lightweight with stunning screen. Faster than my previous models. Nice integration with Fire TV. Browser is much more stable..has not frozen yet. Quite pleased but mostly about collections!
R167MYA2I2F96N	4.0	Don't pay attention to the negative reviews	50	54	Not sure what most of these negative reviewing dim-watts were thinking when they bought this tablet. It's a budget 10 inch tablet. For the price, it's a great deal. Movies look fine, text looks fine, the tablet works fine. Comparing it to a $600 tablet is just dumb. It's not an iPad, and wasn't made to be. It was made for Amazon purchasing and prime members. Duh. If you bought this thinking it was going to replace a new iPad then you don't get it. Like I said, you can watch movies and read text just fine. It's a little sluggish at times but I believe the new OS is to blame for that. Give it a software update and let app devs update their apps and this tablet will be great. If you like Amazon prime, this tablet will work great for you.
R38K911QV9A3EV	5.0	Decent tablet	36	38	It is a pretty good deal considering the price and the fact that you get a 10" tablet. Fire HD 10 is very much set for use with Amazon content - prime video, music, books. I find it to be very easy to use and intuitive. Starting it up for the first time you get some hints on how to operate it if this is your first tablet. It runs Amazons version of Android (Fire OS) so the experience is slightly different but not that much. You do not get your usual Google Play store but Amazon provides their own equivalent that has plenty of apps available. There might not be as many but you will find that all your most popular apps are there. One downside here is that if you have purchased an app via Google i.e. on your phone, it will not be transferred here so you might have to pay for it again. Here is the list of pros and cons: PROS: - easy to set-up and use - thin and light - wide-screen design which makes watching videos a pleasure and allows for more text on a page for reading books - micro SD card slot that allows you to expand storage to 128GB - display viewing angles and colours are good - clear sound - excellent dual-band capable Wi-Fi - built-in cameras both take clear, sharp pictures (front is 720p HD and on the back there is 5MP with 1080p recording) - battery life is around 8 hours CONS: - screen resolution is a bit low for this day and age being only 1280 x 800 with 149 ppi - no access to the Play Store so no YouTube, Gmail or Chrome browser - glossy finish is a fingerprint magnet
R299ZZ4R8PD701	2.0	Spend your money on the 8 inch Kindle Fire HDX, instead...	51	56	I'm an early adopter of anything by Amazon... Kindles, Echo, Fire TV... you name it... so I ordered this early and received it the very first day it was available. Sadly.... I am disappointed by it and will probably return it. For the following reasons that may or may not matter to you personally, but I find them extremely frustrating. The good: As promised by the pre-marketing, it seems to be a little faster than my current 8" Kindle Fire HDX... but not by much when I test them side by side. The screen is bigger, but if you notice in the Amazon comparison charts, the resolution isn't any better, it is just bigger... which I've found makes it quite a bit more cumbersome to hold one handed... which is how I normally read. There is a slot to upgrade the memory up to 128GB... this was a HUGE selling point for me and "may" be the only reason I decide to keep it. The Bad: As stated already... no improvement on resolution, just size. Cumbersome without much else to offer. Poor camera resolution... for no reason I can determine. Not as much "faster" as I'd been led to believe by the pre-marketing... and... here is the BIG ONE... The new interface is TERRIBLE! WHY did Amazon decide that they just HAD to mess with a convenient and easy-to-use user interface? (Think... the switch from the traditional MS Windows interface to the MS Windows VISTA fiasco... yep, that bad... or worse). I have no doubt that some manager talked everyone around the conference table into "upgrading" from the previous user interface for some reason that sounded sexy and cool... but like it or not, we (the users) use our kindles enough that we don't want (nor have the time) to relearn how to move around our (formidable) amount of Kindle content! Grrrrrr! I wish that User Interface "experts" could figure out that the more a person uses a system, the more they rely on that system remaining recognizable... new functionality is GREAT... new "looks" and "navigation" are best kept for brand new types of technology, and NOT for something that should be so easy to use that the interface isn't the focus... the content is. I doubt that this little rant will make any difference at all... but I'm hoping that, at the very least... Amazon won't "pull a Netflix" and change key usage principles in their other wonderful items just for the sake of change. It will only hurt them with their loyal, core customers. As one, last clarifying statement... I'm not knocking Amazon as a whole... I buy everything from Amazon and own nearly every Amazon-branded item that they sell... they are a fantastic company and I reward their "fantastic-ness" by funneling nearly all of my disposable income into their coffers.... But... that doesn't mean I am willing to pay over $200 for an "upgraded" kindle only to find it is a step back, rather than a step forward. Good luck... you may love this new kindle for all of the reasons I don't... but... fair warning... it isn't much of an upgrade... and in some ways it is a major step backwards. If I were you, I'd spend your money on the 8 inch Kindle Fire HDX... I love mine and it is worth every penny!
R2ODHYRQHA0NS4	5.0	I Love it! This is my Second Kindle	27	27	I Love it ! This is my Second Kindle ! Best tablet ever !!
R3SQ95I0378KS3	1.0	I hate it. Let me tell you why.	36	39	I currently have a Kindle Fire 8.9. I love it. It has an easy to use intuitive interface, adequate storage, and decent internet access. When I saw that a 10” screen was coming out, I was excited because I play a lot of games and I thought the bigger screen would be a bonus in that respect. I also assumed that the interface would be essentially the same- easy to use and intuitive. I was wrong. This is one of the clunkiest, clumsiest, hardest to use interfaces in my experience, and I go back before the age of icons. The carousel has been replaced with a page of icons that defaults as the home page when you turn it on. There are a lot of icons on there that I never use (firefly, etc.) I don’t like this. I don’t want to have to hunt for the last book I was reading or the last game I was playing. When you go to your various libraries, you are inundated with ‘recommendations’ and have to click the library button in the upper right corner to get to your stuff. There is no tab for the internet in the tabs at the top of the home screen; to access the internet you have to hunt through the page of icons and find it there. I tried four times to download items from my cloud account ( including two reformats ) to this device with no success. The last time I managed to start a download for Wordfall (a fairly small file) and saw that it was going to take over 40 minutes to download. I downloaded it onto my kindle 8.9 in less than 2, using the same internet connection. The overall feeling I got from this tablet is that it’s not so much a tablet as it is a ‘Buy All Things Amazon’ device. Everything I wanted to do that wasn’t Amazon related was difficult and frustrating. I’ve been a loyal Amazon customer for years and will continue to be so. I rave about my current Kindle to everyone who will listen. However, as much as I like Amazon I really don’t care to feel corralled toward their website every time I open my tablet. The advertising and selling were just too egregious. I’m sending it back.
R2430IA8B07HCF	1.0	This is a disappointment	40	44	Very disappointed in this "new" Kindle. I am a Prime Member and own 5 Kindles so I was excited when the new, larger screen was introduced. However, the programming for the auto population and Home screen for books is poor at best. How many times do you have to remove a book from either screen? Five, ten, or more? I'm not exaggerating. I have removed some books over twelve times which keep auto populating without my accessing them! If you purchase several books while reading one, the book you are reading drops off the book page and you have to locate it again in your library. In the collections library, the programming is different that previous Kindles. Which means if you had Alpha or Numeric collection tabs set up to identify your books, they may/may not be the same -- especially the numeric ones are different. I had to completely renumber the collections I had identified to see first. The Alpha, (by author) seem okay but the numeric ones were completely off. The background for "Collections" in the books section is white. Hard on the eyes and the processing is SLOW. The only thing I can say positive is that the screen is larger. The processor is slow and uses a lot of battery life. Perhaps my Kindle is a dud but I could not recommend it to anyone. This may be my last Kindle and I'll just stick with IPad.
R1YOUI6SO68TN1	1.0	Highly Disappointed - Not The Amazon Product I Know and Love	44	49	I am an obsessed Amazon device customer. Over the last few years, I have found myself "needing" to buy their new devices because I've come to love and know their quality and ease of use was unlike anything out there. I must confess that I am very disappointed in this new Fire HD 10. It doesn't act or feel like the Amazon products I've come to know and desire. It is very slow to respond, looks too much like other tablets, freezes constantly, and not as user friendly. It has a cheap price probably because it was made using knock off parts. This is not an Amazon product. Not the ones I know and have grown so fond of. This is going back, and my strong disappointment from this let down experience has compromised my enthusiasm that has always boasted that Amazon's products are the best. I guess I can say pre Fire 10's were the best. I have every kindle fire model, their phone, fire stick, dash button, echo, but this... I can't put my finger on it...but this is not Amazon. Please try again. The HDX was the best and most impressive.
R3E76XP3TH51UI	5.0	It's good - would like a few tweaks/upgrades ..	24	25	I like it - especially for the price .. love the widescreen size/format. A couple of minor things I'm hoping Amazon will address in the future with a software update - 1 - I did see some comments about it freezing up and being slow .. as soon as my WiFi connected - my Fire started downloading the system upgrade from 5.0.0 to 5.0.1 - that will cause some of the slowness as well as your Fire syncing everything from your Amazon account - your books, music, movies, apps, etc 2 - FOUND IT - you can change the wallpaper .. I wish I could change the wallpaper .. it's an easy fix .. do it Amazon! (I did look in the settings - bud didn't find it .. ) 3 - The white search bar at the top - get rid of it please! On my Android phone (it's rooted) I just remove it in the Home settings. There's a search in every section - don't need it on the home page - and it looks ugly .. 4 - TWC TV is now working fine .. 5 - I'd like to be able to do a "restart" instead of shutting down, then powering on again .. I do like the wide screen format .. I think the screen is fine - it's just as good as my iPad Air .. maybe the test will be later when I'm watching a movie - but the streaming TV on my (oops work) WiFi is good .. I do like that you can add a microSD card One of the rewiews said it needs a USB port - it doesn't - you can get a small dongle that will fit into the power slot and it has a USB port on the end .. and inexpensive .. WiFi - yes, as some others have said - WiFi would not connect the first time - I "skipped" it .. then went into settings, turned WiFi off, then back on - and it worked fine. That's my first impressions .. the price is fantastic .. thanks Amazon!
R2BH2ISZB8KMI6	1.0	A microSD card but no HDMI out???	34	37	When a company makes a new item for the market, they should never leave off a feature that was on their previous fourth-generation release! I purchased the fourth-generation 6 Inch fire HD tablet. Then I ordered an HDMI adapter so I can hook it up to my big television screen. I payed $25 for that adapter and it works great with the 6 inch tablet. The adapter will hook up to the 10.1 tablet, it will charge it, but it will not work as an HDMI adapter for my big screen TV. So in a nutshell, I can download one or two HD movies on my little 6 inch HD and watch them but that's all that will fit on there because it doesn't have a micro SD card slot. I can download all the movies I want to on the 10.1 onto a microSD card, but can only watch them on the tablet itself, now where is the logic in that??? I am a very dissatisfied customer! Oh and the display mirroring does work but just not great! A lot of the times the audio is out of sync with the person talking with the display mirroring. I can't stand that either!
ROBWNIPAP63WQ	1.0	Piece of Junk!	33	36	This was a total piece of junk from the start. I am in the process of returning mine, don't want a replacement. From the start the device worked a bit jerkily. Changing screens, opening apps, almost anything had a slight pause in it that my old Fire HDX never once did. Also from the start I noticed that the letters in any of the books I was trying to read were pixilated. On the HDX they are clear as day, clean and sharp. Not so on this one. Who ever came up with the case and size of this never held the end result. It is like holding a chunk of a 1"x6" plank of wood. Very add size in that it is super skinny for how long it is. Even allowing for 16x9 format movies it just feels too skinny. Then there is the super slick back. I couldn't set it on anything to give it an angle without it skidding off. It was almost like they did that to help sell cases for it, and even then the available cases are rather cheap. From what I can tell Amazon has stopped working with Otterbox because even on their site they no longer offer any Kindle cases. I got one for my HDX and even with the added weight it helped get a good solid grip on it. Nothing like that for this Kindle. The topper for me was when I came home yesterday and used it for a bit, went to go do something and when I came back it would not turn on. I had left it with 70+% battery left. After playing with it for over 30 minutes it finally turned on and acted like nothing happened. I thought that things happen, though I had read other people had this same issue. Then it did it again for me this morning. I had an alarm app going off and I could not get the screen to come up so I could shut it off, or even get the Kindle to turn off! It worked fine for a week, now this. If I could give this thing negative stars I would. I wanted something bigger and newer to replace my much used Kindle Fire HDX. I never expected the newer device to make me wish I could just get another of the older tried and true device. My old one is 2 generations older and yet much better in every way I can see.
R1XE6DI3VLGMU4	2.0	a giant leap backwards	33	36	I've had a Fire of every generation and the HD10 compares most closely to the 1st generation 7" Fire that my 3 year old granddaughters uses. Having become used to my HDX7 the picture quality is really lacking, the processor is incredibly slow and it needs more RAM. I bought it for the expandable storage but the performance is so poor compared to my HDX7 and my wife's HD8.9 that I find it hard to believe Amazon would put out junk like this. It has froze up 2 times and taken several minutes to do a hard shutdown and reboot. And did I mention it is incredibly slow. Feels cheap, looks cheap and operates like it looks and feels. Looking in to sending it back. Very disappointed in Amazon and I am a long time Prime customer who uses them a lot.
R2JSWOD195NSS	1.0	What a Disappointment	41	46	Like several other reviewers, this is my fifth or sixth Kindle. I hope it's not my last, as I'm sending this one back. Silk constantly crashes, the keyboard freezes every 30 seconds, you can't see all your content in the cloud. I don't know if it's the hardware or the updated operating system and I don't care. This tablet is a step backwards. I'm so disappointed. I've overlooked for years not being able to use Google products like gmail. But this might send me over the edge. I'm a loyal amazon customer and truly feel bamboozled by amazon with this product.
R3670NQ2SUIT3Z	4.0	Initial Thoughts and observations on the HD 10	17	17	I have been using Kindle Fires since the first one came out. Only fire model I have never owned is the Fire HDX 8.9. I purchased the Fire HD 10 32 gb version and received it on Oct 1. Here my initial thoughts and impressions about the device: 1. Love the big screen but it has a tendency to not respond to touch at times have to touch multiple times to get it to respond. Also when you switch back and forth between your email and the web browser in the email section at times you lose half of what is suppose to be on the screen of the email you have open. The work around is open a different email and then go back to the email that you had a problem. It's workable that way but it shouldn't be happening non of the other Kindle Fires have this problem. Are you listening Amazon? 2. At times it is slower then the Kindle Fire HD 7 which is kind of sad since with the newer operating system it should at least be the same speed or faster then this older model. The screen resolution on the HD7 older generation and the 10 are the same. 3. Word of warning if your thinking of storing your ebooks on the sd memory card it don't work. Only works for video and music. I think that is dumb. 4. I am hearing impaired so I can't say anything about the speakers on the device so if anyone cares to share there thoughts on my post on that feel free to jump in. 5. The bluetooth works great on this I paired my Nexus 6 to the HD 10 using the App tablet talk so I recieve all my text messages on the HD 10 and don't have to switch devices. I understand with tablet talk you can also make phone calls just never used that feature since I can't here. 6. The new operating system on the Fire HD 10 does take a bit to get use to if your a preivous owner of Kindle Fire Models the carousel is gone and from my viewpoint I am happy that it is. 7.Over all I am pleased with the device and would recommend it to other people just as long as your aware there are faults with the product. 8. I think Amazon made a smart move in adding a SD card slot but stupid in not allowing books to be move to the card. 9. What I would love to see accessory wise for Fire Hd models is a dongle so that you can receive over the air tv reception. With this large screen would make it an ideal portable TV. I am a prime member and also use Netflix and viewing video on this device has been enjoyable.
RNX27QGD7A2XZ	1.0	Fire HD 10, 10.1 HD Display, Wi-Fi, 32GB	26	28	Not at all what I expected. Awkward to hold. I own 3 others Fire Kindles. My 4th generation 8.9 HDX with the Mayday is great to hold ...I was updating to the new one for the larger size and new features. I was very surprised to find there wasn't Mayday on it, which I use . I definitely could have used mayday to set up the Fire HDX 10......but I didn't like it well enough to keep it!!
R20UKYDEY4WCFC	5.0	So Loooooove my Fire!	22	23	I was extremely excited to receive my Fire early! It was easy to set up and the screen size is great! Beautiful color and sleek design. So far so good. Can wait to discover all the things it can do.
R337VVCCKV4AF3	5.0	Five Stars	20	20	Its great!
R10V5Q8IW11FD2	5.0	Great FIRE, even better price!	12	12	I couldn't be more pleased by this new Fire tablet. The new OS is great, and easy to use. I'm very pleased that I can set my own wall papers, a lack of customization has always been a tiny complaint for me. I haven't experienced any of the "Freezing" described in other reviews. As far as I can tell this tablet works just as good my Fire HDX 8.9. Being able to expand internal storage with a Micro SD card is awesome too. I've seen complaints in other reviews about the arrangement of buttons and plugs, but I think it's great that all that stuff is on the side. The built in speakers are easily the best I've ever seen in a tablet. I've only had HD 10 for two days so I'll update this review if problems arise.
R2QG2N8NSPEEFE	5.0	Keeps Getting Better, Especially for Comic Readers	15	16	This is my 4th Kindle Fire, I also have the first generation, an 8.9” HDX and the new 6”. The first thing that impresses is how thin and light this new model is, despite being the largest Fire to date. I love the more narrow, widescreen design of the screen, perfect for watching videos and reading books in portrait mode. Anyway, before I get carried away gushing, I’ll just list my pros and one or two cons, to make this easier to read and save time. PROS: Wide screen design is perfect for videos and allows more text on a page for books. The stereo speakers sound incredible, even better than the previous HDX model For comic book readers; comics purchased from Amazon now utilize the active panel reading mode from Comixology. I was wondering when Amazon was going to incorporate this feature for their comics, finally! Battery life seems to be similar to my 8.9” HDX, but I’m happy with that considering the larger screen and thinness of the device. Considerably faster response time acros... Read more
RCCS7HK57LTUH	2.0	Something of a disappointment	11	11	I already had a Fire HDX 8.9 that I like very much, but I am something of a sucker for newer versions of things, so I bought the HD 10. So far, I have been disappointed in several things about it. 1. After charging the device to 100 percent, I shut it down (not just sleep, but where it actually asks you if you want to shut it down) for the night. When I booted it up the next day, I had to plug it in because despite supposedly being turned off, the battery had drained down all the way. 2. In the last day or two, it has developed the problem others have mentioned about not turning on when I push the button to turn it on. Yesterday it took three tries. Today I have tried repeatedly and it won't boot up. 3. Since I also bough the SD card, I downloaded several movies. When I turned it on the day after doing that, one of the movies I had downloaded was not there and I had to do it again. I suppose in one respect this my own fault for ordering one that would be delivered on the first day of release. I hope the bugs get worked out, because there are some very nice things about it, including both audio and video on playbacks. For now, I guess this one just goes into a drawer.
R3DFPHIVKKST9E	2.0	Don't do it - wait for a 10" HDX fire to come out instead (Please Amazon - a big screen with actual power would be nice)	18	20	This is my 6th Fire - and the only one that has been a big disappointment. My first complaint is not directly the fault of the device; I hate with a fiery passion the new interface. It looks slick but is a real pain to navigate and the issues with it are exacerbated by the hugely under powered device. As you are fighting your way through the "new improved user friendly" interface the device hangs (and hangs.... and hangs). In one day I rebooted it 20 or 30 times to get the following working again: 1. Wireless 2. Audio 3. Prime Video 4. Screen Freezes It's just trying to do too much with too little. I wanted to like - I really did. I'll just hope they come out with a big screen HDX. PS. If Amazon development pays any attention to these reviews - the only good thing in the new interface is the ability to advance a video by 10 seconds- KEEP THAT - throw the rest of it away
RPIAALUOF3CXC	2.0	Disappointing.	21	24	I've owned most every past kindle and fire and was excited to upgrade to the new 10. The large screen, memory slot and new design seemed like it was a winner! But after having it for 2 days I shipped it back. Here's why: The form factor is odd. It's like holding a shoe box cover. Very rectangular, tall and narrow. I like to lay on my bed and rest it on a pillow on my stomach. In landscape mode for watching videos, it was great! For portrait mode, it was top heavy and I felt like it would topple over and smack me in the face. My wrists got tired holding it up after a while. The case was also disappointing. Instead of the clever origami design which locked in place and was very stable, the new case just has a fold. It was unstable in landscape and unusable in portrait. A surprising design miss since I usually like amazon's cases even if they are WAY overpriced. I'd read the screen was of lower resolution and while it was okay for TV and movies, you really see a difference when you browse prime video. The program icons where blurry and pixelated. Also when reading the fonts were not very sharp. At first I thought I would love the 10 inch screen but i found games to be too large and bright on a 10 inch screen. I had to hold it at arms length to play it comfortably. And I know there is an auto brightness setting but I don't like to have to fidget with settings when I switch apps or uses. The other annoyance with the 10 inches was that I like to read magazines on my fire. The 8.9 fire is a tad small for reading them full page, so I thought the 10 would be perfect. Instead, my magazines only scaled to about 8.5 inches so there was a black band on the bottom of the screen. Seemed a waste of space and I had to zoom in on the page like i do with my 8.9. I had mixed feelings about the new interface. I love that the background is not plain black anymore though I didn't have it long enough to see if I could change the mountain background to something else. It's also confusing to navigate. The icons for books etc are various sizes for no apparent reason. I liked the ability to page through my videos, apps and books etc but I kind of missed the carousel! A nice feature was that you can create folders for apps like on a phone. Sadly the first folder i made was "never use" to which I added "free time" and a couple other Amazon apps you can't delete. I didn't keep it long enough to test battery or memory expansion. It started and set up just fine as expected. I did notice that most every time I changed apps or pages or videos, there was a slight lag. Not sure if that is a processor or RAM issue but it was noticeable. In the end, I guess Amazon was saving money by skimping on the screen but I think if it were true HD I'd be tempted to have kept it but for now I am happy with my HDX 8.9. Sorry Amazon!
R3K0V4PZAIWDDF	5.0	Glad I took a risk! Apple lover converted!	10	10	Let me start by saying I'm an Apple Lover but never enough space on my iPad for my apps, magazines, movies or pics. I would have to delete everything for just one movie. I'll admit I have a 16 GB tablet but not much on it. Frustrated I upgraded my phone with 128 Gb. That's great but not for magazines, books and videos. I desperately wanted a larger capacity iPad but could not bring myself to spend the money. Amazon gave me a credit on an expensive item that was broken. It had to be on their products only. I researched this device and thought this could solve my problem and accepted I would need to be patient in learning a different platform. I've not had time to see all it will do yet but I was quickly using it. I have almost all of my same apps I had on my iPad. There will be some you won't be able to get. That's ok. I still have my phone. The screen is large, vibrant and lightweight. I have MS so sometimes visual problems and clumsy hands. Most all of my shopping is through Amazon. I'm a Prime member so all of those perks are at my fingertips with their device. It will take some time to figure everything out. I've ran into a few snags Ex- downloaded magazines and they were sent to other devices instead of the new device. I can find the device menu but it won't let me change to this Fire Device. I've read it could be a software update on iPhone that needs updating although no updates are needed. Little things I can figure out. In the past, I've regretted trying Android and Windows devices and gone back to Apple. I am happy with the Fire HD so far. Not liking change and having little patience, I have not put my new HD fire down much. Sure, there's much to learn but it will give me much more storage, larger screen at a reasonable price. I think it's solved my problem and I've gained more. What started out as a negative experience with Amazon, has been turned around into me receiving a product I never would've considered in the past. I've read negative reviews that people prefer the older Fire devices. Since I'm a newbie and LOVE Apple, I can say if you're considering a change, please give this tablet a chance! Understand it's not Apple but it's easy to navigate, more for your $, much to learn(just like we've done with Apples progression) and it crisp and clear. It's change but I've not found anything frustrating enough to make me want to put it down. If you use your tablet for movies, shopping, games, web surfing and especially reading - you'll be happy. Don't let negative reviews sway you. You have nothing to lose by trying this beautiful device! It's been less than 24 hours since I received this product. I would've quickly thrown my hands up if this wasn't easy and a beautiful device. My common apps- eBay, Amazon, Pinterest, Netflix, Houzz- all there!
R3PZJKVJD2J018	5.0	Love my big screen Kindle!	11	11	I read the reviews and was sort of in the middle of the road as to if I'd like it or not. I do love it. I love the size. I write reviews for Netgalley and privately for authors. I do a lot of reading. My Kindle is my life line to many books that I'm dealing with on a daily basis. I'm not into technical aspects. I just know I love the size. I love the storage and I love the way it looks. I'm comfortable with it and works well. I've not had any issues with it.
R1E8LL5BKPHABM	1.0	Not happy with this purchase.	28	33	Not happy at all with this purchase. The size is nice, the screen is average, feels solid, but it keeps locking up. I have to power it off and back on often, every other day. And it just now shut it self down in the middle of the game I was playing. Nope - not happy at all.
R3MVQ499O8FPGW	1.0	Disappointed. ...	10	10	I purchased a 10 recently. This was my 5th Kindle. It did not work properly out if the box. I spent hours resetting and starting over to no avail. I spoke with Amazon support who was unable to help me. They wanted to arrange an additional support call to go thru further evaluation before allowing an exchange. At that point, I informed the support person I had no further time to give to the table issue. The support person offered no other alternative to their inefficient process. I returned the unit but had to pay shipping on the case. I went to COSTCO and purchased a Samsung Tab A 10 and I am delighted with it. Probably will be my last Kindle...
RIWH6LT5BTFH2	1.0	Congratulations Amazon, you've now made it painful to use the products I've bought.	9	9	Amazon has ruined the Kindle. Two major issues have destroyed my love of Kindle. First, the new ones have a lower memory but tout the ability to store data on an SD Card. What they don't say is that books can only be stored on internal memory, not the SD Card. This may not be a problem for some, but I have just shy of 2000 books in my collection, including many with audible narration. So if you think you can get by with a low end memory model think again. What really kills it for me though is the new interface. On my older Fire I could put my books into collections, then pin those collections to the home screen. I open up my Kindle, one tap on the collection, one tap on the book, and bam I'm reading. Contrast with the new interface. You can no longer pin things to the home. Instead, I have to swipe to my books. Then I have to click on my library. Then I have to click the menu button. Then I have to click on the collections option. Then I have to wait on the collections to load. Then I have to scroll down to the collection I want. Only then do I finally get to open my book. Congratulations Amazon, you've now made it painful to use the products I've bought. It goes even worse, as any of the menus I went to I felt like I was being bombarded with "buy me" messages. Every tab had tons of stuff it thought I should own, and I had to drill down to get to the stuff I already own. It actually interferes with my ability to get to my own purchased content. I used to be a huge Kindle fan, but sadly no more. I'm returning this one. If you'll excuse me I'm going to go sit in the corner and sob quietly into my coffee over the death of a once excellent product.
R3PEJIKL1CIDIH	5.0	Fire HD 10, 10.1" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB	9	9	This Fire HD tablet is for my husband. It was supposed to be a Christmas gift but when it arrived I went ahead and gave it to him and he loves it so far. He has not handle it much because we want to put the screen protector first to keep it from getting scratch before he starts messing with it. He loves the size, and how sharp and crisp everything looks. Prayerfully it will last him a long time. He also loves that he can change the font to a giant print since he is legally blind in one eye and will be able to read without struggling to see the words with his other eye. I looked up other less expensive tablets but they did not compare to this one in quality and what this one can do. I am very happy with this purchase and the prize was decent too.
R3ORNYYPNV814Z	1.0	Giant Step Backwards for Fire	52	66	Let me begin by saying this is my 7th Kindle product and 3rd Fire, so I know my way around a Kindle. This version is a piece of junk and I've already started the return process. Before buying, I suggest you read not only the reviews on this site, but also take a look at some external reviews ("google" Fire HD 10 reviews). I wish I'd waited to see what others had said before ordering it pre-release. Live and learn. Here's a partial list of where Amazon went wrong with the Fire 10 from my perspective. SIZE. All I can say is "weird." I assumed, wrongly as it turns out, that this Fire would be proportionately scaled up in size. Instead, it is a couple inches wider in landscape mode, but it's the same height as my HDX 8.9. While that wider screen may work for watching a movie, it's not great for tasks like reading that are ordinarily done in portrait mode. I suppose I could get used to it in time, but I don't need to because the other deficiencies prompted my return of the device. RESOLUTION. This is the biggest reason this Fire is going back. While it may have beautiful display for watching movies, don't expect to use the 10 for reading a book, your email, or the news. It may have vivid colors, but black and white text is blurry. External reviewers say this is because Amazon didn't add extra pixels (or whatever) when they made the screen larger, which isn't noticeable watching a movie, but is definitely noticeable when reading -- to the point that some webpage text is unreadable. DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE IF YOU INTEND TO READ ON IT. You'll get a headache within seconds. BUGS. As others have noted, I got all kinds of bad behavior when first starting it up. When I "restored" my HDX backup to the new 10, it randomly selected what it was going add to the 10, sent some of those items to the home page (no rhyme or reason to which ones), and moved the others into a jumbled pile in the apps or books sections, etc. Because I'm sending it back, I haven't tried to sort this out. SLOW OPERATION. The 10 has a noticeably sluggish response time. External reviews say the slowness is because Amazon cheaped out by using old technology. I'm not a techie so I don't know the reason, but I sure did notice the result. INABILITY TO CUSTOMIZE HOME SCREENS. Although you can move them around, you cannot get rid of icons that Amazon thinks you need on your Home page. For example, I have no use for Free Time, but I can't get rid of the icon. Want to be able to open up your favorite app from the Home screen? -- nope -- can't move it to the home page. To access that app, you have to go to at least one and sometimes several different screens. RELENTLESS ADVERTISING. Every new page you open up has a small top section that includes a few of your apps, or books, or whatever, but the majority of the page is taken up with "recommendations" consisting of whatever Amazon is trying to push right now. If you've been an Amazon customer for any length of time, you know how ridiculous most of their recommendations are. In previous Fires, the recommendations took up little space and you could turn them off. These hog most of the screen -- and you cannot turn them off. Extremely annoying. NO HELP HELP. Forget about using the Help page to get info. The user's guide is a joke. But then that's been the case with other Kindles and Fires, so its not unique to the 10. If you can't figure it out yourself, you either have to call and speak to an English-impaired customer "service" rep (ugh), or shell out more money to buy a user guide. BOTTOM LINE. Although I could go on, these are the most annoying problems I encountered on the first day. This device is useful only to stream video, and I noticed that most of the positive reviews posted so far seem to be using the device to do only that. Bear in mind that the actual purpose of this device is to get you to pay $200 plus to give Amazon an advertising platform: "We have recommendations for you, buy, buy, buy!" If you can live with that, and only want to watch videos, then maybe this Fire will work for you. If you want a functional tablet experience (watching, reading, surfing, etc.), do not buy. P.S. I would have written this review 3 days ago (when I received the device), but Amazon disabled the comments section until today. Hmmm. Makes you wonder why . . . .
RUDJDVVNONLYL	5.0	Words of Advice? Buy it!	33	41	Totally Love it. from, the moment you get it. It is very lite and strong. The pictures come out in HD. The screen is very soft, its just like a computer you can create profiles that log into different access. Customized wallpaper no more black carousel. Instant Downloads, although the product does not have MAYDAY but it should have it says coming soon. If it was advertised by Amazon to have MAYDAY than they will put it, because Amazon does not put different from product description. You can download the google play store! Skype looks so bomb! You can go on Silk and see your skype. Mirroring is awesome! Mirror your kindle and get to work, it lets you mirror your movies while you are probably watching or typing. totally recommend it, great upgrade from Kindle Fire HD 8.9 model. Great back camera, and the product comes with the all new Amazon charger, and the Amazon cable which charges while in USE, and doesn't feel hot at all! The tablet charges in 1hr to 1hr 30 minutes for it to be fully charged. Great design on the back Beautiful Amazon Logo. And the Kindle Underground Office Suite Pro usually $14 but if you have the fire hd 10 it is $0 all yours to keep. One year warranty covers all! And great speakers by the side sounds professional and very advanced!
RVNBS7AHHIP8R	5.0	Don't listen to the negative reviews!	8	8	First I want to mention that of all the negative reviews I have seen none of the problems and the picture quality is excellent. I upgraded from a Fire 8" hdx and to be honest I cannot see any major difference in picture quality, in fact many of the movies and programs that I do watch seem to be better in quality on the Fire 10. Also reading magazines on the 10 is amazing. It is roughly the same size as a magazine page so it's like having a paper copy in hand. I also expanded the memory and that I think has kept the fire running more smoothly seeing as the tablet isn't as burdened with apps and downloads. I did also get a Finite case for my 10, and I recommend getting a case and a screen protector. Not because the Fire NEEDS it but to protect it from the normal wear and use so it keeps on running!
R2QJ8B0EPHUTVD	1.0	The new fire hd 10, 10.1, is not worth the money.	24	29	im very dissappointed with the fire hd10, 10.1. Ever since i bought my first e-reader, paperwhite, i was hooked on the kindle. I moved on and bought the 8.9 hd kindle. Was still impressed! so i bought another of the same. I didnt buy the hdx because i didnt have the money at time. When it came time for a new upgrade, the new 10.1 fire came around. i was excited! I bought the new 10.1 Fire, and to my dismay, it was a popped ballon floating south. Amazon went cheaper, thin, and weak. Wifi connection stinks. Not worth the money.
RVKRLWVLJ8G41	3.0	Sadly...disappointed.	11	12	I've been a Prime member and kindle user since the first one came out. I still have my kindle e-reader with the keyboard on it and I love it. I also have the original kindle fire tab and I really like it. It has amazing picture quality and great sound. I've been waiting for amazon to add new features to their tablets like -SD- for sometime so that I can upgrade. Well, I'm not very pleased with the new line up. The screen resolution is grainy and the response is slow at first I thought it was my internet connection. At times, it would tell me I needed to connect to WI-fi when I had full bars but, I still couldn't do anything so I had to reboot. I also find it cumbersome to read books on since the screen is so long although it's thin it's also heavy. Sadly, I will be returning my new Fire Tablet. Amazon why couldn't you just make the Fire 8.9 HDX with all of it's great features and add the SD storage. I love your e-readers and tablets, but my honest opinion, this one is just not....good.
RUERDMX8DWMJX	1.0	They certainly dumbed this one down.	11	12	Just sent mine back today. I had my Kindle Fire HD 10 for about a week now and I have not used it once without it freezing or crashing. It would freeze any (and almost every) time I would open a new app, or switch between apps. I got fed up after it froze for the 19th time in 4 days. I finally had time today to go through the process to return it (another headache), and when I went to power it on after sitting for 2 days without touching it, it crashed again! Needless to say it is going back. My mother in law and wife each have a kindle fire 7 and an 8.9 respectively, and using theirs made me fall in love and want to spring for the new one. They certainly soured my taste with this one.
RB64I8GQVISC0	5.0	Amazing product	8	8	I had a first generation Kindle Fire that I loved so much. I put a lot of thought into which upgrade I wanted. Despite of several negative reviews I decided to go with the 10inch. I am so extremely happy with my choice. I have had no problems at all and liked it enough to give my old Fire to my mom. My only advice is to order a case on here because I could not find a good case to fit at any of the ten stores I went to.
R1JWXIL1PSMF11	4.0	Very Good; However Improvements Needed	7	7	.I received my Kindle Fire 10.1 on September 30th and I am happy with it though improvements must be made regarding the 10.1 Kindle Fire. Pros: On the Home screen, what I really like is that you can now manipulate what you want displayed on your home screen via creating folders and dropping the application icons in the folders you create. For instance, I created a folder on my home screen to put all Apps that I rarely use so as to not pollute my home screen unnecessarily. This is a really awesome feature though I cannot say whether the previous kindle devices had this feature as none of mine do. There is the option to choose whether you want your screen display to "rotate" or not and I really like this feature. This feature is new for me compared to the first line of Kindle Fire HD 8.9 device I purchased so perhaps this feature was already in the previous models but I really like this option. The device is a very nice slim and elegant device for which I find easy to handle. The micro card was very easy to insert and I was able to add additional pdfs files with no issue. My pdf files look awesome on this device. Cons: I am not sure why others have indicated that the display is blurred when reading Kindle black and white print books. Not the case for me though I will say that the black print of the words is lighter then the previous Kindles I own. I am disappointed in this because I like darker print, but it still is very much readable and does not give me a headache but I hope they improve this in the next line of kindles 10.1 the release. Also, the display seems to be "too bright" when I read my books and I did not have this issue so much in my previous models of Kindle. The brightness of the display was very easy to adjust for reading. In this new model it seems too bright. This device is definitely a very good Kindle Fire 10.1. So, if you have high expectations then perhaps this would not be the device for you. I purchase Kindle devices mainly for reading books but also have a Samsung 10.1 tablet to handle my other tasks. So, Kindle Fire 10.1 was definitely worth the purchase for me but they do need to make some improvements regarding the screen display in reading the Kindle books in the next line of new releases.
R39KZG2D04QVV3	2.0	So many glitches!!! dont bother till they fix so many issues.	10	11	This tablet is not worth 259.00. this tablet has more glitches than America has illegal aliens. its slow, apps freeze up, they dont want you to use Google apps or app store. They make it it so you have to get the apk files that are needed to use Google from somewhere off the web. you have to side load anything Google, but if you go into settings you will see that they preloaded something to handle the Google apps so when and if you do get the Google files to run Google they use a Amazon fire app to handle it even though they dont want you to use it. if you update anything through the amazon app store some of them get stuck in forever updating mode. if you create an account for one of your children through the Amazon Freetime app and log into that account your tablet will get stuck in that account and you have to go in and delete the account to be able to get back into your own account. some apps even though you select large font and text will revert back to really small text without you even changing anything. remove things from your home screen and they reappear. change your screen saver and it reverts back to the original. everything you do with the tablet its like it has to pause and think for a few seconds before it performs the task, i had to download a different keyboard because the stock one at times just wouldn't respond. Any way you hold it you are aoways hitting the power button. The battery doesnt even last four hours without needing to be charged. i mean i could go on and on. i've used 79.00 dollar tablets that worked better than this version of the kindle fire. if i knew now what do now, before i bought this, i would never have wasted my time, effort, money and energy purchasing this tablet. ive spent more time dealing with its glitches that i have actually used it. come on Amazon you can do better than this cant you??
R1XQZP4CEBB50K	2.0	Disappointing	10	11	This tablet may work for you and your needs, but it does not suit mine. The processor is just slightly too slow. It's just enough to be noticeable and aggravating. The system would crash if I tried selecting multiple books to download. My biggest problem was one of the big things they pushed: The expandable memory. I was really excited for this prospect. I have a few hundred books, comics, and magazines, that are too much for my current Kindle. I saw the expandable memory and jumped on this offer. I could actually carry all of my Amazon digital data with me at once! But that quickly faded as I had my new Kindle downloading files over night. I woke up and it said it was out of memory. I was confused and checked the storage. The internal memory was full, but the SD card hadn't been touched. Try as I might I could find no obvious way to put books on the card. You could store movies, music, and apps, but not books. I went to the forums and found I was not alone. Why boast expanded memory when one of the key backbones of your service, it's very foundation for both the company and the lineage of the device itself...books...are not an option? Why not say that clear as day? Usually when I have returned things, and those times are extremely rare, they have been due to the seller sending me the wrong product, or something being broken on arrival. I am really disappointed with Amazon on this one. I feel like they knew this would be an issue and purposefully didn't mention it.
R1L01SBEY65382	2.0	Sound great...picture dull...plus other problems sadly.	10	11	This is NOT HDX but HD... So read carefully before you order as the picture is not as bright, crisp and colorful is the HDX smaller tablets. We knew this going in but are such Kindle addicts (and I've had every single one/version since the very beginning ) so we had to see and get this new larger one! The size of the screen is nice the volume is wonderful even at the halfway mark it's quite loud and great.... but it's the picture that lacks bigtime-especially if you owned the two smaller HDX tablets which have the best screen on any Amazon tablet!! The color is fairly dull and there's no way to adjust any brightness. The weight is wonderful and size but we also had a severe problem with heat. After a couple minutes on, this kindle was so hot even in its case we had to turn it off.... I've never had any problems like that with any other tablet so I think we had a defective one too..... Plus it kept shutting itself off...... So will be returning. But please keep in mind if you have the HDX versions.... The screen and picture of this one will not even come close...if You've never seen our owned the HDX 8.9 or 7 inch tablets, you might like this one but if you're picky about your picture quality this one's going to really disappoint you. But it Is a nice size and weight..... But you may want to wait till they come out with the HDX version hopefully they're working on it!!!itll Cost a couple hundred dollars more but so worth it if you're picky about picture quality!!
RCPPC673JN1DA	1.0	Returning it after one or two hours.	7	7	I currently had the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9", 3rd generation. I loved it. When I saw the HD 10 was available, I immediately ordered it. It arrived today, and I am returning it. The touch screen interface is weird. It apparently requires a very specific combination of taps at a certain speed, which I guess I am too dumb to figure out. It took me 30 minutes to set the language, all the while with the thing talking into my ear. Sorry Amazon, but this thing sucks. Hopefully the next version will be better.
RE7GN8HV76VLU	5.0	Great media consumption tablet	6	6	I debated for a long time on updating my Kindle from version 2 to a modern version. I finally made a decision when free apps of the day got moved to Amazon Underground, and my version 2 Kindle could not receive them. I decided to wait, knowing that it would only be a few months before the new models arrived. I was pleased to see that there was a large model, and after extensive investigation I decided to go for it, and I'm glad I did. I wanted a large screen, mainly for viewing convenience, but also because I'm a large person (6'10", 250lbs) and small screens just never work for me. I read all the reviews and found that most of the issues were things that should have been known prior to making the purchase. When my Kindle arrived it was packaged nicely, very easy to open and setup and was the perfect size for what I was expecting. It is much, much lighter than my previous Kindle and much thinner. During initial setup I did experience some lag, but this was because I was downloading everything I needed from the cloud. Once the downloads had completed I experienced no lags, no slow downs, nothing to complain about. The screen is not as high a definition as modern devices, but that is clearly laid out in the specs. The screen is very good, and I found no issues in anything I was doing or watching. The included charger is extremely fast, the on board WiFi is excellent, and the processor is good enough to handle what the device is intended for; media consumption. If you're looking for a productivity tablet, this is not it (nor would I recommend any Kindle tablet for that). These tabs are made for Amazon content and media consumption, and they handle it very well. Don't expect an iPad or a top of the line Android device, because this isn't it, however, it is a fantastic device for reading, watching TV/movies, playing mobile games and general web surfing. These things are exactly what I wanted this device for, and I'm very happy with it.
R21O2BOKLGTQCB	1.0	better version. I couldn't have been more wrong	7	7	First electronic device I have ever returned. I had cracked the screen on my 8.9HDX and thought the 10 would be a bigger, better version. I couldn't have been more wrong, it was a regression in every category. I returned it for another 8.9 HDX, which Amazon handled flawlessly.
R2BJJ6BUC0O42Z	2.0	Budget tablet that wasn't for me	12	14	I have an HDX currently and love it. I don't have the same love for the Fire HD 10 even though I wanted to have the slightly larger format because I use the tablet primarily for consumption of videos and reading books. Mine had quality issues where there was some ghosting in one corner that showed as a purple layer when there was a black background. Even without the quality issue, it doesn't have the same quality feel as the HDX. The button placement for me was poor. The screen quality was questionable and seemed to flex easily. Responsiveness wasn't as good as my HDX. This seemed to be a re-badged budget tablet without any of the features I love in my HDX. Not terrible but not great or even good. I returned mine and I'll either go to Apple or to the Samsung tablets for the larger format screens.
R3J35GIFS1LDWS	5.0	Perfect gift for my 75 year old husband.	7	7	I bought this as a gift for my husband and he loves it. He is not a technical type person but he has no trouble maneuvering around the Kindle. The size is perfect and the graphics are amazing. He loves his kindle and takes it everywhere.
RCHCF81A29IVZ	2.0	Huge disappointment. Huge.	6	6	I am an avid Kindle fan. I think I've purchased every generation on the e-reader. When Amazon released the 1st generation Kindle Fire I was quick to buy it. And to buy each generation thereafter. I've been wanting a bigger tablet for streaming as well as reading and I knew the HD 10 was for me. Boy was I wrong. This device is worthless. It doesn't stay connected to my wifi. It's slow to download....any and everything. It took 30 minutes to download a magazine!!! The Silk Browser is a complete joke. It takes too long to load to the point where I end up grabbing my phone and use it to search. The responsiveness when moving around the device is weak. It takes forever. The Fire is constantly thinking. The lag time makes this device more of a hindrance than anything. I hate that I missed the 30 day return date cause I would truly return this frustrating device. I'm back to using my previous Fire. It's smaller with no external memory but it's faster and more useful than the HD 10. Only plus is the expandable memory. That's it.
RY3B5PR2D4V56	5.0	Great 10 inch tablet!	6	6	I spent weeks agonizing over the reviews of this product and doing research. I finally nit the bullet and bought it, and I love it. I bought it because my 7 inch kindle fire was wonderful, but I needed a bigger screen for work, as I have the Office Suite for document creation. I love this tablet. TV shows and movies are crystal clear, and typing up documents is a breeze. For those of you worried about the screen and pixelization-don't. I've been reading on it as well, and the text is incredibly easy to read, and the same goes for websites. If you want this too be an iPad, then go buy an iPad. For the screen size, the buy is unparalleled. I spent 4 months trying to find a 10 inch tablet for less, and I couldn't. And the screen on this tablet rivals the Galaxy Tab A 10, which is another tablet I considered. I'm incredibly happy with this purchase for work and leisure.
R3KED51OSRK9OH	5.0	It's not bad at all	7	7	I don't know why many people are complaining about this tablet. For $229, this tablet is actually great. Give it a couple of days, and I'm sure you will love it.
R3UFYLN63XTSXD	5.0	EASILY WORTH THE UPGRADE	6	6	Everything about the Fire HD 10 is about improvement. Starting with the larger size, higher definition screen, and going to the micro SD Card Slot for independent memory expansion. Yet, this upgrade looses nothing from my prior purchase of the 7" Fire - it's just another choice. (Do I need little, when I'm headed for the door, or do I need a lot?) I sure will not accept the old on-board 1MP camera now that I have a 5MP on-board the Fire HD 10. All the details are in the advertising text - the claims are accurate - not one speck of hype. Note also the retail price! Really, this has been my best purchase of the year.
R11ECNRQR7ODDO	1.0	disappointed	6	6	I buy every kindle and have been so pleased. But this one was a mistake to buy. Usually a bigger screen brings me happiness, but not this time. The screen shows movies grainy and you have a horrible picture for viewing movies or shows. I'm writing this on my 8.9 hp fire. Small but quality picture. I haven't used the 10 since I bought it. What a waste, I'm so disappointed. Which is to bad, because the 10 is light and could be so much more. Maybe down the road they will fix the quality. For now, don't waste your money.
RFU7KP66TNT1Q	2.0	After 3 days, returning it to Amazon	8	9	I bought a Kindle Fire phone for my wife and was so impressed, we decided to switch from our Apple Ipad 3 to a Kindle Fire HD 10. Bad decision. There are four things that most disappointed me about this tablet: 1. The Amazon appstore is lacking in, what I would consider, some very basic apps. There are no Microsoft Office apps available and neither do Google Drive, or any of the Google Docs apps exist in this store. 2. Even though it is an Android device at heart, you can't connect it to the other millions of Android apps unless you hack the thing. Which is possible. I called Amazon support and their suggestions didn't allow me to install Google Drive. If Amazon wants to be competitive, they'll need to change this. 3. Some apps couldn't open and several apps crashed repeatedly only days after getting the tablet. Netflix would try to load, but then shut down and return to the home screen... I never got to LOG IN. If you want to use Netflix or games... I would strongly recommend getting a different tablet. 4. The performance is NOT smooth, nor fast. The difference between this and the fire phone is night and day. The fire phone looks and works like a phone that can actually stand it's ground against an iPhone or Samsung. Not so with this tablet. And some of the cool features included on the phone, like Mayday or a free year of Amazon Prime aren't included with the HD 10. Other than those main points, I would say that the device is ridiculously light (POSITIVE!), though being all plastic gave me some serious doubts about the durability. The Screen looks nice, but I wasn't a fan of the dimensions of the screen. The organization of the apps is nice and I did like the button to see all the open apps and to scroll through those.
R2KQ1I29YC0SIX	1.0	DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY- THIS NEW KINDLE IS JUNK	6	6	DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY! This was my fifth Kindle. I returned not just one but two. The first Kindle froze on me with an unresponsive home button. The second, which was the replacement for the first one, after two days, yes I mean two days, I could not turn it on. So disappointment in Kindle and Amazon, returned for a refund. Amazon: why dont you test your products before you introduce the item to the general public. Do not buy this item, you are wasting your money
R1WI6XRAJN47U8	1.0	I've liked and enjoyed my Fire HDX 7" and 8	8	9	I've liked and enjoyed my Fire HDX 7" and 8.9" Kindles! But, this 10" version is in some ways. I really wanted to like it, and tried to use it for several days before I finally returned it and the 128 GB SD card I had purchased. Facebook and Messenger would never install properly on the memory card or th he internal memory when I removed the card. Nothing installed to the card of any kind, including pictures, videos, and music. It often indicated that it couldn't find the card, even though it was properly seated. This Kindle was slow, was less convenient to use (no carousel, for example). It seems like this10" version was put together to a price point, and not for superior performance. Customer service to help with these problems was unexpectedly poor. On my call for chat help, I was transferred four times...the help on the last chat site provided no answers, the same as the rest of the help section. I sent the tablet and the chip back for refund. I was very disappointed in Amazon for the first time since joining when the website opened for business. I am still in shock at the low overall quality of this product and it's support. When, or if, Kindle puts out a new high-quality version that outperforms my 8.9", I will try it. But, I will expect SIGNIFICANT improvements!
R3FZBM2VOO1ZRI	1.0	Extremely disappointed; getting a refund	5	5	I am extremely disappointed with this device. The problems are numerous and severe; I will enumerate them here. Screen resolution: The 1280x800 screen resolution is extremely awkward. It's not 16:9, so if you watch almost any video content that's designed for 16:9 (as in, all of Amazon Video), it will be letterboxed. I guess stretching wouldn't have been any better. Who came up with the brilliant idea to make this a non-standard resolution geometry?! Screen resolution, continued: This screen is effectively 720p for most video content. But 720p is very much a 2000s-era standard. 1080p is the gold standard for video today. Indeed, you can stream 1080p video on Amazon Prime on a computer if you have an HDCP system. After years of watching video in 1080p, I'm extremely disappointed at the "fuzzy" quality of the low DPI on this tablet. No Google Play: Granted, this is a problem on all Fire devices, but the absence of the Google Play Store is a pretty severe limitation of the tablet nonetheless. No HDMI: No support for "wired" HDMI (either via MHL, SlimPort, or micro-HDMI) is the big killer for me. I wanted to use this device to download video at 720p and then stream it to my HDTV over HDMI. Since there's no way to do this short of Miracast, aka "Screen Sharing", I'm dead in the water: Miracast is far too unreliable in a noisy WiFi environment such as mine (pretty much anywhere that isn't a rural farmhouse is going to have a noisy WiFi environment these days, and the interference is just too much to maintain a reliable 1080p stream.) System on chip: The MediaTek SoC in this system is *slower* than some 2012-era smartphone chips! On a large tablet device like this, it is reasonable for the consumer to expect a much faster CPU and GPU and more RAM, especially at this price point. Value: Since you get so little for your money -- a 2012-era SoC, a 2000s-era display, less RAM than even the iPhone 6S, no HDMI, no Google Play, the value of this device is atrociously horrid. It's not worth even half the asking price. This is, quite possibly, the worst hardware device Amazon has ever released to market, and I am *stunned* that Amazon is trying to sell this like it's a mid-range tablet. Amazon ought to be ashamed of themselves.
RRQYV6EAUIG5H	5.0	If anyone ever tells you BIGGER is not better, they are lying to yah	5	5	If anyone ever tells you BIGGER is not better , they are lying to yah.....................................lol! I love this new bigger , faster Kindle Fire it is different than its smaller and slower predecessor the Kindle Fire 7 inch HDX. I like that the pages can be opened or closed in succession and that you can add memory to your new BIGGER kindle Fire is one of the best features. I bought a 128 mb memory card when I purchased the 10.1 Kindle Fire . And it has this cool mirroring with my 65 inch Panasonic Plasma television , I have always loved that I can stream my movies on my Kindle Fire and now with a much bigger screen its even better. Even though my 7 inch Kindle Fire is smaller the picture quality was amazing , I always thought I couldn't watch movies on a smaller screen but the High Definition was so dazzling it more than made up for the 7 inch size , with my 10.1 its just that much better , I have 4 Kindles now 2 readers and 2 Fire's and I love them all, I am kind of a gear-head if you couldn't tell..................lol! The smaller 7 Kindle Fire had that annoying blue line around the window that drove me crazy and the lose connection for the cable was nuts too. But this bigger 10.1 Kindle fire has none of the issues................so far;) So far I am very happy with my Kindle 10.1 , I just use the 7 inch Kindle Fire for games and an occasional movie but I use this bigger one from streaming my FREE movies and music, Amazon.com totally RULEZ with all the free stuff. And they have AMAZING customer service my 7 inch Kindle Fire totally stopped charging and I couldn't get it to do anything just when I purchased the 10.1 inch Kindle fire, just in time too. But Amazon.com sent me a refurbished 7 inch Kindle Fire to replace the defective one and I have it like 2 days after the 10.1 Kindle fire arrived I have had nothing but great customer service with Amazon.com they never deny my returns I now buy as much as I can through them just for the great customer service . I will update you on my new 10.1 inch Kindle Fire but so far its better than all the previous Kindle Fires.
R1Q3SYLNG6SDNG	4.0	Not bad	5	5	First I have to say, this is my fourth Kindle including one second gen white, the original Fire and one Fire 8.9 I had high hopes for this one, when I saw the price for a 10" tablet I was blown away. I own a 128gb iPad Air 2 and let's say the price for this isn't even close to what I paid for that. When it arrived my first impression was how skinny it was, seems as though the 10" is stretched vertically and not also horizontally. Looks a little weird. Next impression was how light it was, good thing, like that. Third impression was it feels a little cheap compares to the others. Back is a light plastic and feels weak. Buttons are black on black so tough to see. Micro SD door (and having the Micro SD slot in itself is a HUGE plus) is tough to open, felt like it would break. Thankfully I only had to open it once to put the card in and done. Overall the physical aspects of the new Fire are good, not great but I see how they were able to sell this for such a low price. As for the tablet OS, I don't see as much an improvement as more just a need to change. I cannot find the old carousel with everything on it rather everything is moved into categories which isn't bad. The main or home screen has an assortment of icons already there including Amazing shopping , e-mail, etc. I am not into audio books so I basically set up my e-mail and then went to reading. I did add a few of my game apps and once again from different generations of Fire's some are not playable on this generation. Netflix and Qello played well and looked good, sound is nice and in stereo. Menu system is okay, I find I need to hit home (represented as a circle) twice to get where I want. Reading is a little weird since the tablet is tall but not really wide - had I known this I would have passed on it. In conclusion this is a nice budget tablet. I would have thought Amazon would have gone all out on a 10" tablet but instead it is in the budget line and works well as such. To compete with the iPad, you definitely need one of the 8.9 HDX models but this will suit you as I said, on a budget.
R3F2H8SAODG62V	5.0	love has has blossomed between this kindle and i	5	5	10/16/15 definitely glad I didnt returning my kindle....reading on this is amazing....the sound is great...I dont have to turn the sound all the way up while watching a movie to still be able to here....sucks a few apps arnt compatible....but...kindle underground definitely makes it easier to find awesomeness to replace the other apps....there is a bit of a learning curve....the few automatic updates ive gotten haven't taken the ten minutes it says it will...no where close....I would like to be able to change the screen saver....and the expandable storage is awesome...I could only down load a few movies to take with me on long trips on my old kindle....now....with the ability to up to 128 gb of memory I wont have to choose what movies I want(was going to take along all three TMNT movies and hellrazior and wax works 1&2 but I didnt have enough room)...definitely a great buy....started with the kindle keyboard and each kindle I get just gets better and better..... 10/8/15 seriously thinking about sending this back....im finding out now as I try to reinstall some apps and games(like the simpsons taped out...it needed an update and suddenly was no longer compatible) that they are no longer compatible with my kindle.....what was the point in that.....I should have stayed with my fire hdx8....i hope amazon fixes this soon....off to google play I go so I can hopefully can find my apps.... 10/3/15 although a bit confusing at first this thing is awesome.......I love the look and feel of this kindle....this is my 3rd fire and 5th kindle overall....and they just keep getting better.....plan on adding a case and memory card...it is a bit of a fingerprint magnet...but putting a case on it will fix that problem....all in all this is the best kindle yet!!
R2YKR4H89R9NKN	5.0	Best Kindle / Fire Tablet yet	8	9	I have had a few Kindle tablets over the years, including 2 or 3 Fire tablets. This may be one of my favorite ones yet. I was torn betwen the 8 and the 10. This is actually a light tablet. It's super fast and powerful. I like the larger size for reading magazines especially. The best part is that I have full access to Amazon everything through it. I can order from Amazon.com, get my Audible downloads, buy and read Kindle books, utilize Amazon Prime Music, watch Amazon Instant Video, control my Echo. It's a fantastic product. I can do some of these things on my Apple and Android tablets, but making purchases is much more restrictive. This device works seamlessly with my Amazon account, which is great. I still would love to hold the HD 8 on my hand, just to compare it and may eventually pick that up, just to see which I ultimately like better. But, this is a wonderful tablet and at a great price that is tough to beat. It's as good as any Android tablet I've used, including the leading brands. And, it's much more affordable compared to Apple's tablets. You really can't go wrong with this one. The sound, resolution and build are top notch. Highly recommended.
R27KU0MEN3LX3J	4.0	Review: Mid-Tier 10” Kindle Fire has its strengths and weaknesses	16	20	The latest 10" Kindle Fire has its strengths and weaknesses. In this review, I'll discuss all aspects of the device, including things that I found to be a step back from upper models, such as the HDX Kindle line. PROS: - It's wonderfully thin! It measures a slender .3" - 10" is an excellent screen size, offering a nice movie-watching experience. - The price is very good. - MicroSD slot allows memory to be expanded. - Fire OS 5 has more of an Android feel. CONS: - Screen resolution is 720p. - Performance is sluggish at times. - Rear camera is only 5MP. Images aren't very sharp, especially when zoomed. - Stretched-out length takes a little getting used to. My initial impression is mixed. I love the slimline form factor (all of .3”). It’s light, shiny, and slick. While it performs much like a new hybrid between my old Kindle, the Kindle Fire TV, and an Android device, its form factor reminds me of my gangly teenage nephew; it’s slightly awkward, skinny, and stretched out. Amazon’s latest move is to offer the Fire tablets at a reduced price knowing that consumers will use them to buy additional Amazon content. The Fire 10” is a mid-tier offering compared to the entire Fire tablet line. As for most products that are sandwiched between high- and low-end versions, this tablet has its strengths and weaknesses. The 10” Kindle Fire comes in only black or white. It comes loaded with an Android 5.0 Lollipop core and Amazon’s proprietary Fire OS 5. The engine is a quad-core MediaTek processor consisting of two 1.5GHz processors and two 1.2GHz processors. The display is 1,280 x 800 HD. It weighs a scant 15.2 ounces and measures 10.3” x 6.3” x .3”. Other technical niceties include dual-band a/b/g/n/ac WiFi and Bluetooth. A microUSB is included as is a microSD slot, which is an excellent addition that supports up to 128GB of memory expansion. Supported Prime Video titles can be saved to either microSD or internal memory. The device comes with a meager 1GB of RAM, although the 10” Fire can be purchased with either 16GB or 32GB of onboard memory. As with other Fire tablets, it comes with the Special Offers screensaver or, for a $15 more, you can forgo periodically updated advertising as your screensaver. The case is plastic, which decreases weight and cost, no doubt. The bezel is absent of metal and doesn’t have a robust feel. Plastic does crack, so my initial impression was concern for its ability to last if a drop ever occurred. Amazon says the product has undergone extensive durability testing, so we can only hope that real-life situations don’t prove their durability tests wrong. On a few occasions, my 4-year old has accidently stepped on my 8.9” Kindle. I have less confidence the 10” Kindle would survive a 35 lb. toddler’s footprint. The first thing I was disappointed to see was the video resolution. Supporting only 720p is a big drawback for me. I want full HD, and this tablet doesn’t provide that. Even the 8.9” Fire HDX provides 2560x1600 support. But at the 10” Fire’s current price point, Amazon has to cut corners. The camera is another cut corner. Two cameras are provided: a 720p camera in the front and a 1080p, 5MP camera in the rear. The 5MP camera lags behind most cell phones and even the 8.9” Fire HDX, which has an 8MP camera. Images look generally okay, but not as sharp as I had hoped. Zoom in modestly, and blurring is noticeable. While the video resolution was a downer for me, to be fair, it does eliminate some of the black borders on the top and bottom of the screen for some video. The aspect ratio is 16:9, which makes for pleasing HD video watching. I do notice some things are not as crisp as I’m used to, but it’s certainly not a show stopper. Do I enjoy this tablet? Absolutely. Because of the 16:9 aspect ratio, the tablet is rather narrow, and some video seems stretched out. Physically, the narrow feel takes a little getting used to. When holding it like a book, it’s a tall tablet, and its height is expanded due to a bezel that is thin on the sides and larger on the top and bottom The simplicity of setting up the device when first turned on is impressive. The 10” Fire optionally comes preregistered, if you selected to have it registered when you purchased it. If you do, setup involves turning it on, choosing your language, adding your WiFi credentials, and agreeing to the legalese—done! Users who preregister will find all their content available immediately. The feel of the OS is a little different than Kindle Fires or yore. What I first noticed missing was the familiar carousel. It now feels more like an Android device. With older Kindles, you swipe your finger to scroll through all your open books, videos, apps, etc. With this Kindle, you have a Home screen stocked with your app icons, much like an Android device. I also noticed the back arrow and the home icon are missing. The Fire OS 5 organizes content logically using subcategories selected at the top menu. Selecting a menu category brings you to a screen specific to that content: books, video, games, etc. In these menu screens, content is stocked similar to the Kindle Fire TV. You scroll up or down to identify the category you’re interested in, then side-swipe through the content in that category. I immediately loved this for a few reasons. First, I’m familiar with it from the Fire TV. More importantly, it’s a more logical way to organize items and find what I want. In addition to this, the OS recommends content based on your existing content. Recommendations appear on the top of each category screen, and these are continually updated. If I’ve read a number of books in a series and a new book has been added to that series, Amazon recommends this to me. I’m using a book as an example here, but it works for other content as well. This is a very nice feature. And it’s a win-win between Amazon and their customers. Amazon recommends content that I might not have known existed. I’m happy to find it, and Amazon gets a sale. This is where the entire Fire line excels as a platform based on a symbiotic relationship between company and consumer. The integrated Silk Web browser has been updated compared to older Fire tablets. This version is faster and appears to be more reliable. My past experience suffered the occasional hang, which either resulted in the OS force-closing the browser or, as a last-ditch solution, I’d have to force a reboot of the entire device. I haven’t experienced any of this behavior on the new 10” Kindle Fire—at least, not yet! A variety of bundled apps are integrated in the OS, including some handy reading apps. Once in particular that I like is Word Wise. Word Wise enables you to tap on a word in text that you’re reading to reveal a pop-up that provides a definition. I can see this as being very helpful for my son, who is learning to read. While it’s a bit early for him to use, it’s nice to know it’s available as a learning tool when he’s ready. I use it and find it very helpful. As far as performance is concerned, the tablet doesn’t feel as quick as I’m used to with my 8.9” Fire tablet. Switching between applications and returning to the home screen resulted in mild hesitation. App switching is faster than returning to the home screen. Dumping out of an app and returning to the home screen requires the OS a few seconds to complete the task. This is with the stock 32Gb installed and no microSD memory expansion. One nice feature that Amazon added is Advanced Streaming and Prediction (ASAP). ASAP is already in the Fire TV and works very well. It anticipates what you may stream, then downloads enough of it to provide almost instantaneous response when that item is selected. Along with ASAP, the 10” Fire also supports X-Ray, which displays on-the-fly information about actors and access to further program details while watching a show. I find this a very effective feature, but it’s not supported with all programming. Audio is provided similar to other Fire products. Two side-firing transducers emanate loud and predictably midrange-heavy sound. These speakers are located on the top of the Kindle when positioned horizontally, in move-viewing mode. The sound is clear and undistorted, even at higher levels, and is quite good, considering the limitation of the speakers. Three-dimensional imagery is offered thanks to integrated Dolby Atmos. Atmos nicely manipulates the sound within the listening space, adding 3-D depth and realism to music, movies, or whatever you’re listening to. The Fire’s speakers are anemic of low end, but this is to be expected, considering their size. In recent years, battery life hasn’t increased very much. Considering the advances in battery technology, it hasn’t made it to devices like the Kindle Fire tablet line yet. Battery life is about the same as my old 8.9” Fire tablet—6 to 8 hours, depending on how the device is used. We also have an iPad, and that curiously outlasts the Fire Tablet, for whatever reason. The primary selling point for this tablet is Amazon content itself. If you’re a Prime member, the entire Kindle Fire tablet line is superbly integrated with Amazon’s content. The new Kindle Fire 10” tablet falls short in screen resolution. The 1,280 x 800 resolution provides a true 16:9, 720p experience, but the form factor is awkward, stretched out, and takes a little getting used to. Is it usable? Yes, and many will no doubt be fine with it. But users who are familiar with and enjoy tablets that offer increased resolution will no doubt notice the difference. In video watching, 720p is a softer image compared to the sharpness of 1080p. Icons aren’t as crisp and text isn’t as clear, but it’s very usable and doesn’t destroy the enjoyment or use of this tablet. The 5MP rear-facing camera falls short as well, resulting in blurred images when zoomed in. While the tablet is promoted as containing a quad-core processor, performance at times stutters. Some apps are plenty quick though, and app switching generally is okay. Pulling out of an app, back to the home screen, often results in noticeable lag. All this stated, the draw to this product is the mid-tier price. It gets you into the Kindle Fire line with a healthy screen size, the largest of the entire Kindle Fire tablet line. It’s also fabulously and intimately intertwined with Amazon’s products. If you’re a Prime member, this feature alone is worth the price of admission for all of the Fire tablets. It’s not a bad offering, but compared to the Fire HDX line, if I were to provide my recommendation to a friend (which means you), it would be this: if you can afford another $150, jump up to the 8.9” Fire HDX line. But not everyone is willing to spend that much money, which is why Amazon has created this mid-tier line. For those of you who this is marketed towards, you have a decision to make.
R3SXTU5YJB3AJ9	4.0	Happy with my Fire HD 10	5	5	I've had no problems with connectivity. Was a breeze to set up and been solid since. Responsive to all buttons.. Fire OS is closer to the Android base than I've seen it before and for the first time, I like it. Had the first Fire 7 and another two including one of the hex. The plastic casing on this one feels very glossy and certainly not luxurious as my Nexus 9 metal casing, but this one feels much lighter weight. On-screen keyboard is almost certainly based on Swype because it's the only non-Swype keyboard I've ever been able to stand. (Cut and paste text by dragging from bottom left corner smiley face to C and X and V, respectively.) Ten inch form factor is more comfortable than I was expecting--not too big but comfortably-sized to read things like long documents and graphic novels. With the documents, I love the text-to-speech option. I am someone who generally needs a lot of power from my gadgets; I've reduced expectations for the specs of this device but I still would not put up with much lag. While it's not a super powerful machine I'm finding it pleasantly capable of smoothly delivering what I ask from it. Price is good. I expect service to be good if that ever comes up. Sound quality is good. I can see the pixels which I'm not used to doing (I'm used to super high resolutions) but I don't see pixels when watching videos in hd; they look great. The one thing it really cannot do is run Google Play services and non-Amazon-store apps that rely on Google I'd services. Otherwise, it's fine. Glad I decided to get this tablet.
R3R0HSKFVWNJC7	1.0	Horrible!	8	9	It worked Ok for a few days and then began "flipping" from one screen to another. Called customer care and received a replacement, which worked for a short time and then turned off, never to come on again. Went through troubleshooting 3 times with no change. Called customer care again and it got really interesting. During the hour on the phone, most of it on hold with someone pounding on a piano, they told me that they couldn't refund my money because I had received a replacement. At that point I asked, "Are you telling me that because I allowed you to send me a replacement, I gave up my opportunity to ever get my money back?" At first he said "yes". Then he asked if the replacement was new. I asked, "how was I to know, you sent it". At that point he disappeared again. When he finally came back he agreed to send me a return slip. This whole exchange makes me wonder if the next person who has trouble is going to get the one I'm sending back.
R1M2X5GWBD7P38	4.0	Upgrade for HD 7, downgrade for HDX 8.9	5	5	We purchase a new Kindle Fire each year and have always been impressed and felt like we were obtaining appropriate upgrades. This year we chose the Kindle Fire HD 10 mostly due to the larger size, expandable memory and price. As soon as I started using the HD 10 I knew it was not an acceptable replacement for my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9, which was to be expected given the price and the specs. Specifically, the graphics for the HD 10 (149 ppi / 1280 x 800) are an obvious downgrade from the HDX 8.9 (339 ppi / 2560 x 1600) but are comparable to the HD 7 (216 ppi / 1280 x 800). We therefore decided to look at the HD 10 as a replacement for the HD 7. In that scenario, it does appear to be a good choice. I personally like the changes to the OS, the overall look and feel of the device is an improvement and as always if you are an Amazon Prime member the Kindle Fire remains the best overall option for value and cost. We also use Kindle FreeTime for the kids and could not be happier with our overall experience with the Amazon/Kindle products. PROS: Storage (expandable memory) Excellent sound quality Lightweight CONS (when compared to the HD 7): Slightly slower response time, though I suspect that will resolve with future software updates CONS (when compared to the HDX 8.9): Graphics downgrade Controls (I prefer the feel and placement on the HDX) Slower processing
RUKME7DONLRT6	5.0	Wonderful Accessibility features for the deaf, hearing impaired, visually impaired and blind.	5	5	I was worried about buying a replacement for my broken Kindle DX so I did a lot of research to see what product would best meet my needs. I also talked to the Representatives at Amazon Chat. I found everyone I talked to very knowledgeable, helpful with their solutions and well trained. I always found my questions answered. As for the Fire 10, I am very excited and thrilled with the improvements over my old Kindle DX. My old Kindle DX was strictly for books, newspapers and magazines. Everything was in black and white. What a difference the Fire 10 is! Everything is in color. My books are no longer in a list of titles, but are listed as the actual covers. So beautiful! The Fire 10 has so many features many other reviewers have covered so I won't repeat them here. One feature, the accessibility feature for deaf, visually challenged and blind owners is fantastic! There are closed captions available for the deaf and hearing impaired users, there is a feature that allows a blind user to use their Brailler and a zoom feature that makes the print large enough for the visually challenged user. I highly recommend the Fire 10 if you are looking to upgrade and want something with a large enough screen to make reading easier this is the Kindle for you. Don't hesitate to contact Amazon Chat if you have a question or problem. You will be pleased with the help you receive.
RLBZ5ZLC9AHZ2	4.0	Love This Tablet	5	5	At the time I purchased my Fire HD 10 I had only read negative reviews and was expecting a poorly designed and poorly performing product. That is not what I got. Frankly, I am very happy my tablet. First off, I bought this as an upgrade from a 2 yr. old Fire HD 8.9...with that in mind, this is a light, thin tablet with significantly more screen real estate. This is fantastic for watching movies or sport's on Watch ESPN, and reading. I love the screen size and resolution. Several reviews complained about the power button. I cannot know what those reviewers were expecting, but it is simply press and hold until the screen comes to life... maybe 2 or 3 seconds. Setup was simple and quick, just follow the onscreen instructions. All that said, I have had a couple of issues which I will comment on. First, the battery is very much undersized for this tablet. Everyone seems to agree on this. Second, my HD 10 does not recognize my MPOW Bluetooth stereo headset even though the Mpow uses a Bluetooth profile which the HD10 literature says it recognizes. Finally, my Windows 7 PC cannot find the HD 10 when connected through the USB. No problem though, I simply used the ES Explorer app to move files from Google Drive to the tablet. Overall I really like my new Fire HD 10.
R3JDIFE65CI9IE	5.0	Love it!	6	6	Fired up right away. Extremely easy to use even without the tutorial. I bought it for my mom and she loves it. I strongly recommend it. We have had it for a few days now. My mom is 90 and is able to navigate this kindle.
RR4BVLKWDPO1X	5.0	Love the tablet... selling the iPad 3 with retina!	10	12	Price is fantastic for a 10.1 screen with additional storage. Ordered the additional storage to download movies/tv shows to watch offline. Understandably it will draw the battery down like any other large tablet, however this one recharges very quickly. Prime movies are beautiful and uses 100% of the screen! No unused bevel below or under the showing. Surprising super light and thin. Has an additional recently used app screen along with an all app screen. Sorry, have not used this tablet long enough to find all the bells and whistles. The new interface is similar to the iPad's. A button will bring up apps running in the background that can be accessed or closed by swiping away or pressing the X. I usually close these out before turning off. No problem downloading my favorite apps except for Facebook. So happens a software update corrected that. Keyboard uses swiping that makes typing easier. Wish Amazon would include short cut keys that makes repetitive entries such as email addresses much, much easier. Will submit that as a suggestion. Fingerprints are hardly noticeable. Preordered and available 9/30/15, and guess what, I received it on 9/30/15. A few days later it fell off the counter and still working and not a scratch or dent. Gotta think this tablet will hold up to unintentional use. Anyway, now need to order a case.
R221YQWA5VEFR2	1.0	This tablet is a real disappointment. It is very slow	8	9	This tablet is a real disappointment. It is very slow. It take 1 - 2 minutes to load most apps. It is constantly crashing and entering into "low memory mode" and gets worse when I try to multi-task with it. The new operating system is cumbersome and very user-UNfriendly. I replaced my Fire HDX7 with this unit and I am very sorry I did. This is my second unit because I thought my first one was defective...it wasn't...this is just the way it is.
R1HNAO4MRBSVN8	5.0	Not all reviews are helpful. Loving my kindle 10.1"	5	5	I got my kindle on Wednesday and I'm totally enjoying it. I must confess that when I started to read the reviews I was very hesitant as to whether I should purchase it or not. I must say I think some of the reviews are really unfair and unnecessary. Needless to say, I'm thankful mine is working well. I'm impressed with the battery life so far. If games are being played of course the battery life will reduce quickly. But if you're just reading it stands the test. I've not experienced any of the freeIng etc I read in some reviews. I welcome the bigger screen size, had a 7" fire HD and I watch Netflix often. So thank you Amazon for this bigger and better kindle.
R1DGE55Y870EBA	5.0	it is light and has a nice big display - it is perfect for on the ...	5	5	I bought this for my mother and it is exactly what I expected. Sure it's not the sharpest image quality but it does everything you want a tablet to do, it is light and has a nice big display - it is perfect for on the go, to read books and surf the net. The internet connection and downloading times are just fine. This is a great tablet at a great price. I read some of the negative reviews and I'm glad I didn't listen to them. Those people should have bought refurbished iPads if all they want is image sharpness at a discounted price. Great tablet, my mother is very happy with her Fire HD 10.
R2OKFZAG741BJO	5.0	Wow, I can't say all the +'s this thing has!	5	5	I've had the 7" Fire since they first came out. It still works and I will continue to use it to take along to dr visits etc. The 10.1 is GREAT. This was a gift from my husband for my "old eyes". We both have one now and we read books every night. I like the format and the extras it has. It also has great sound when I want to listen to the Bible being read to me so I don't stumble over how to say a word.
R2ZGC57E6WLJGZ	3.0	I was much happier with my 8.9 HD	5	5	I think I have to concur with those who rate this new Kindle Fire as just okay. I'd go so far as to just say - meh. I'm woefully underwhelmed after using this for 1 week. I rarely use my Kindle for anything other than reading - and all this really has going for it is the larger screen, and it really isn't THAT much larger. I was much happier with my 8.9 HD and will likely go back to using it.
R2VGUFD4FN4SY1	5.0	... this for about a week now and am very pleased with its improvements over my old Kindle Fire	5	5	I've had this for about a week now and am very pleased with its improvements over my old Kindle Fire: longer battery life, better display (I never really did like the carousel), and the ability to upgrade memory myself. I have noticed that the screen freezes occasionally during games, but not in other circumstances. And the larger screen makes it much easier to view text.
RR7RPNOE1TICF	5.0	A really good buy!	8	9	Love it. Easy to operate, and good looking too. Mainly bought it to watch movies. Now I don't have to live stream through my t.v. a major plus. In my world, everything Amazon is a great value. Bo
R1WR93T6OMMZAE	1.0	Complete waste of money	5	5	I can never use it because it's always dead - it loses charge even when im not using it - the longest I've ever used it for was about 45mins, then when i pick it up the next day its dead - and it takes half a day to charge. I wanted to use this to carry to school instead of heavy books but theres no way it will last thru my school day. Very disappointing!
R3NUYSZAF2QLX3	5.0	Terrific quality tablet - I love it!	4	4	As a life-long Apple fan I'm surprised to find myself going to the dark side - writing a positive but balanced review of the Amazon Fire Tablet. So OK it’s not the beauty and style of an iPad, but for the same price you could buy two of these, and still have enough cash left over for a pair of 64 Gb SD cards. I've owned several iPad's and tested and reviewed numerous inexpensive (sometimes “cheap and nasty”), 7 and 10 inch tablets, and was impressed by this. As I work in IT, I'm aware just how confusing technology can be, so I'll try to avoid references to jargon, and focus instead on the experience. If you’re a techie (like me), who wants to compare the specifications, this is probably not the review for you. Quick Summary ========== Although not quite as pin sharp as the iPad Air, the screen is clear, bright and colourful at almost any angle, and a pleasure to watch video or play games on. It is highly reflective, and pretty useless in bright sunlight, but so is just about every other tablet. It has the full size 10 inch screen (with optional keyboard), and great value for money. Web performance over the dual band WIFI, is certainly fast enough, and it ran the graphically intense “Real Racing 3” with ease. Sound quality from the pair of edge placed speakers was surprisingly good, and at 8 hours, the battery life is pretty respectable, while a bluetooth connection is also available to power a wireless speaker. The front and rear cameras are good, but again not quite at iPad standard, but storage now starts at 16-32 Gb, an improvement on the 8 Gb starting price of the 8 inch device. You can of course can add a huge (up to 128 Gb) Micro-SD card to store more stuff. In conclusion, for almost any tablet user or as an additional tablet device, this will make a great addition to your household tech. If you’ve have an Amazon Prime subscription – this is a no-brainer as you have access to stream and download Amazon content. Even without Prime, this is remarkable value for money. Score Summary ============ 8/10 - Value for Money. 8/10 - Design and Build 7/10 - Screen Quality 8/10 - Web performance 8/10 - Gaming Performance 9/10 – Sound Quality 5/10 - Cameras 8/10 - Storage and Expansion (5 Gb) 8/10 - Battery 7.6 out of 10 - Overall – very impressive. Full Review ========= Clearly, Amazon have made some compromises, to hit the price point. Here’s the details:- Value for Money — 8/10 ------------------------------ There are some quirks and limitations (e.g. your limited to the Amazon App store and Silk browser), but in value for money terms, it’s hard to beat. Sure, you’ll need to re-load apps from Amazon you already have on your smartphone, but with “Underground” many paid apps are now free. Design and Build Quality — 8/10 -------------------------------------- Weighing just 432g it just beats the iPad Air at 437g, and at 7.7mm thin almost as slender as the the more expensive competition at 6.1mm. The full size 10” screen is a pleasure to watch video, and while it’s not quite light enough to hold in one hand while travelling, you can add a keyboard to turn it into a laptop device. While it doesn’t have the classy aluminium back of the iPad, it’s certainly a step up from the generic Android tablets I’ve reviewed at a similar price. Entirely encased in black, it has a pair of plastic silver volume buttons at the top along with a power button, micro-USB and headphone socket, and a pair of edge facing speakers. Overall look and feel is restrained black, and build quality feels good, although let down by the shiny rear casing. The screen (which is almost certainly not glass) feels like it is, and there’s almost no flex when you push hard with your finger against it. The only thing that really loses points is the shiny plastic back which will end up scratched to heck and covered in finger prints. It’s a real pity Amazon didn’t stick with a matt cover. Screen Quality — 7/10 --------------------------- At 1280 x 800 pixels, you’re getting an impressive screen, but no match for the iPad at more than double the price. Surprisingly though, at 149 ppi (pixels per inch), it’s not quite as good as the smaller 8” model at 189 ppi. This is strange, as most other hardware specs are the same, meaning you’re paying purely for a larger screen – but slightly lower quality. For your money, you get the same IPS display technology as an iPad, which means it has a wide viewing angle. On similarly priced budget tablets without this, I’ve found the screen and colours fade as you tilt the device left/right or up/down. This may not seem much of an issue until you try playing a driving or flying game where you constantly tilt and turn the tablet to navigate a race course - in which case it’s really frustrating. The screen is not made of the tough Gorilla Glass of the iPad (so don’t drop it on concrete), but surprisingly it feels like glass. The screen (like the back), is however a real fingerprint magnet, and is quite reflective so it’s useless in bright sunlight. Having said all that, colours are bright and clear, and video from Amazon Instant or YouTube is a joy. So overall I’m happy. As an aside - if you’ve a Fire TV or the cheaper “Stick” you can start a film on this, and send to your TV when you get home. Web Performance — 8/10 ------------------------------- During this test, I navigated to a series of web sites including News sites, Facebook and the incredibly rich text and photographs of the “Mail Online”. This is a terrific test for a budget device as the pages are packed with text, graphics and photos, and if a tablet can handle this, it will handle almost anything on the web. The pages loaded remarkably quickly (about the same as my iPad Air 2), and the device scrolled smoothly with none of the jittering or multiple screen refreshes I’ve witnessed on some cheaper devices. This is probably aided by the dual band WIFI connection - I had it connected to the faster 5 Ghz link. Gaming Performance — 8/10 ---------------------------------- To check gaming performance I tested a series of Apps including Angry Birds, Temple Run and the graphically challenging “Real Racing 3”. I was less interested in the time taken to install or start the game, as whether it displayed graphics clearly, and was responsive to twists and turns. Pleased to say all games worked well, and although graphics showed a few jagged edges, game-play was smooth and fast, and it was a pleasure to use. Sound Quality — 9/10 -------------------------- This device has a pair of speakers along the edge, and sound quality is around 90% that of the iPad. Certainly OK for game playing, and you’ve also the option of plugging in a pair of wired headphones to watch a film or listen to music. Finally, as this device also supports bluetooth you’ve the option to use a separate wireless speaker or headphones. Overall great. Cameras — 5/10 ------------------- One of the biggest compromises made was the front and rear facing camera to shoot pictures or video. I gave these a rating of 5/10 as they are about what I’d expect at this price point. Video and photo quality from the 5 MP rear camera is OK, as indoor light balance was poor, and there’s no built in flash. Also the front facing camera (to shoot selfies or video calling using Skype), is acceptable but not outstanding. While you can see and hear the other person clearly, it’s definitely one of the weakest points of the device. I also found the placement of the camera really poor. Having said all that, I’ve never taken a photo or video with my iPad - a smartphone is a much better device. Storage and expansion — 8/10 ------------------------------------- In common with the iPad, storage starts at a respectable 16 Gb for Apps, photos and videos, and unless you simply want to use it to read mails, web surf and stream video off Amazon Prime and Netflix, you’ll need to add more. Thankfully, this is easily remedied, and you can add a micro SD Card up to a whopping 128 Gb (Gigabytes). I’d advise you add a 32 or 64 Gb card. To test this I downloaded an SD film off Amazon, and estimated the space free. Here’s a quick summary:- 32Gb = 11,400 JPG photos or 65 SD or 32 HD movies or 8,000 MP3 songs 64Gb = 22,800 photos or 130 SD or 64 HD movies or 16,000 songs 128Gb = 45,600 photos or 260 SD or 130 HD movies or 32,000 songs Even 32Gb of storage will hold thousands of photos or apps, but video uses the most space. I bought a 64Gb myself. A word of warning though. While you an download Amazon content (eg. Video) to the card, for some reason it won’t store kindle books here, an oversight I hope Amazon will remedy with a software upgrade. Not a show stopper for me, but worth knowing. Battery Life and Power — 8/10 ------------------------------------- The battery life is about 8 hours, but watching YouTube videos over WIFI with the screen at maximum brightness will drain the battery faster so you might get slightly less. During the past few days testing, I typically managed around eight hours, so pretty good. Which Model Should I choose? ========================= Assuming you’re looking at the 10” model, you should rule out the 7” device on the basis of speed, screen size and resolution. This then leaves the choice of the cheaper 8.9” widescreen or this the 10” device. Surprisingly, there’s not much between them. This has more storage (starting at 16 rather than 8 Gb), and a bigger screen, otherwise it’s the same device. You can attach a keyboard to this, but the 8” has a widescreen format which is both great for watching films, and can be held in one hand. Of course the 8” device also has the advantage of being that much cheaper. Your call really. Conclusion ======== As a life long iPad fan (since the first version in 2010), I’m surprised to report this is a really impressive device for the money. Thin and light enough to hold all day, but powerful enough to play games and quickly surf the web. While it doesn’t have a beauty and speed of the iPad Air, it also doesn’t have the premium price. Surprisingly though, it has the same processor, memory and indeed all the specs of the smaller (and less expensive) 8” Fire tablet. So be aware, if you do buy this tablet you’re paying purely for a bigger screen - ironically with a lower image quality. This is not flawless however, and you’ve got to read this review in the context of the price. This is less than half the price of a top end iPad Air 2, and better than the other budget tablets for sale on Amazon. If it were a car, and the iPad Air was a top end BMW 3 series, this would be a Ford Focus, but a nice tablet all the same. Highly Recommended
RN6A0HJBJNPAJ	5.0	A Superb Tablet	4	4	I am very happy with the Fire HD 10. It is quick to respond, and texting is a breeze. The addition of a Mic is very handy. What a difference the increase in size makes after using the kindle 8.9. It compares favorably with other tablets I've seen. The Fire is a great size for widescreen pictures, even though it is thinner and weighs less than my old 8.9. The cover and stand featured, and reasonably priced, makes it hands free both landscape and portrait. The pictures are bright and detailed, and the colors are accurate. The menu is a great improvement over my last tablet, and is easy to navigate. The categories simplify finding apps. The only thing I do miss is the favorites menu. It isn't worth removing a star. The fact that it is proprietary means some apps are not available, although substitutes that work are added in time. The plus is that the Fire is more secure from hackers. The Kindle reading app is the best of all. The ability to borrow books is a great feature. My grandchildren and older greats love the Fire 10. The little ones have their own profiles, which I have control of. I decide what they can do and how much time they can spend in various areas. I recommend the Fire 10 for anyone who wants a great tablet and reader.
R287F4VIHI987T	4.0	New kindle	5	5	I am enjoying the bigger screen but it feels bulky. I'm taking my time adjusting to the new features. I have the kindle fire ( 7 and 8) and the 10 is a little different. I don't have any negative feedback, just working through the new addition.
R1U650AP1MIUPK	5.0	Exactly what I was looking for!!!	4	4	The Fire HD 10" Kindle is exactly what I was looking for in a tablet. I have a Note4 so I was looking for a much larger screen size in a tablet. Most reviews I read were knocking this tablets lack of screen quality or its slow performance. I don't think Amazon made this to compete with an iPad or Galaxy Tab. Considering what you get for the $230 price tag, I think it's a great deal. I think it performs well for internet use as well as streaming movies and tv shows. If you aren't a Prime member it's probably not the best tablet, but if you are it's really worth it. It took me a while to get to the OS but after a week of use it's real easy. $45 for a 2 year warranty also seems very reasonable. I had a iPad mini previously, and after 18 months I started to experience "ghost touching" on the screen. Apple didn't want to do anything because I didn't have the $100 Apple Care. That seems awfully expensive for a $300 tablet. Do a search for "ghost touching" and you will find thousands of Apple customers with the same problem. It was upsetting to see that a company like Apple has a very widespread hardware problem and they don't want to do anything to fix it. I will enjoy my new Kindle!!!
R126I99LJ98UA2	5.0	Fire is Awesome.	5	5	I have been very satisfied with my Fire purchases. I have 3 tablets and keyboard and F Stick. They all have arrived promptly and packaged great and work wonderful. I am also happy with Amazon in general.
R6Z4O7IYNROK1	4.0	ok for the money wish i spent more	5	5	I like it but seems slow to open items picts etc. My wife has a ipad and it seems much faster. I bought the delux version but if i had it to do over I would have spent the extra money for the ipad
R2A098QVJX6M6L	5.0	It is perfect for me!	5	5	I am really enjoying this tablet so far. Great picture, convenient size. Easy to use. The improvements to the layout are nice, and easy to get used to. It is going to be super for travel!
R3SJYNTCXUO9NN	5.0	Great value in a tablet.	4	4	I really enjoy using this tablet. I use it with videos, email, reading magazines and books . I also take a lot of pictures with it. Every time you take a picture with this tablet it auto-uploads to the Amazon cloud where you get unlimited storage. I then bought an app for my ROKU that sends all my pictures to my family TV. I also downloaded a free app available in the Kindle App Store that allows me to send my picture effortlessly to get prints very cheap mailed to my house in ten days This has a very bright screen and combined with the nice speakers provides a nice viewing experience for Netflix or Amazon Prime. I also own a Kindle 7 inch but reading magazines and watching videos and listening to music was not as enjoyable with the little scree. This ten inch screen is really nice. This is a very light but sturdy tablet.. Remember this is not an I-PAD but it also is not 400 dollars. You get a lot of bang for your buck with Amazon. I really don't know how they do it.
RYGRFBATO6M7G	4.0	Love them all.	5	5	This is our 6th Kindle Fire. Love them all. Got the keyboard case to go with it and now have a mini-laptop. Have been using assorted Kindles since the first one came out.
RKIKY67YJEJ7U	4.0	Not as good as I thought it would be	4	4	This is my 5th Kindle that I've owned and this may be my 2nd favorite. I love the larger screen size and how I can switch between screens and other functions. But I don't like how long it takes to download magazines and books. It takes way too long. The speakers were definitely better on my Fire HDX 8.9 than this one. I often use it to watch Netflix while cooking and never had a problem with volume till this model. Now I have to plug an external speaker just to get the same volume/quality I'm used to. I don't really play games on it so I can't speak to performance but everything else is smooth and quick. I never liked the Silk browser so I always download Chrome and it works well. Since I sold my Fire HDX 8.9 I will be patiently waiting for the next version of this one.
RK3Y8J4L2VYJ4	2.0	Incredibly disappointing. Software and hardware together slow, clunky ...	5	5	Incredibly disappointing. Software and hardware together slow, clunky, unresponsive. As replacement for my Fire 8.9HDX, makes me want to cry.
R1FEA81KFJ6PE5	1.0	Worst Kinfle ever. Dont wasre your money	4	4	UPDATE I have had some time with this Kindle and all the negative reviews are spot on. This is awful. Would send it back if I could. Should have replaced my 8.9 with a refurbished 8.9. Cannot understtand why they messed with something that was good. I read so many negative reviews I had a hard time deciding what to order to replace my HDX 8.9 that died unexpectenected right away. Also read it was slow, and I have not experienced any slowness either. It really took no time to set up, because it had almost a full battery, yeah that is the way it should be. If you have ever used Chrome you will find this very easy to master. Only gave it 4 stars because I have had it less than 24 hours, but looking forward to many hours of enjoyment!
R1PVFH4KGCNA7Z	3.0	Ok tablet but not as good as my 2nd gen Fire.	4	4	I've had this Fire since release day and it's a nice inexpensive tablet but keep your old Fire. I bought this for a screen size upgrade from my 2nd gen Fire HD7. I was hoping for faster loading games as well. The screen is bigger but if you use this primarily for reading, the widescreen proportions may be annoying. Games don't load faster. In fact they freeze, won't connect to internet and sometimes won't load at all. I've been hoping that Amazon would get a software fix out quickly but hasn't happened yet. Battery life is awful. Has to be on the charger all the time it's not in use. Battery gets used up while the tablet is sleeping in its Origami cover. Unless some of these problems get solved I'll be returning it.
R75VH4DZ5LEWI	4.0	Close to being great but not quite........	6	7	First, I am a Kindle fan. So, this is a Kindle review and not a tablet review. I’ve had different Kindles since they were first introduced, starting with the Kindle DX (the perfect size, strong hint Amazon). I’ll admit that I primarily use my Kindle as a reading device and its Android tablet capabilities are secondary to that requirement. I eventually went to the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 (Gen 3) for its size as a reading tool. It’s been an excellent device but I have always wished for a bigger screen size. When I saw the announcement of the Fire HD 10, I thought I’d give it a try as a replacement reading device for the HDX 8.9. As other reviewers have noted, I too should have read the specs more closely. While I enjoy the higher height, the width is disproportional to its height. When holding it for reading in portrait mode, it feels top heavy, most likely exacerbated by its somewhat narrow width. Its design impetus was obviously geared towards landscape viewing (i.e., videos and/or gaming). For simply reading, turning pages is easily accomplished and seamless (swipe or tap). The 1.5 & 1.2 GHz processors have been shown to be a bit slow during certain functions, e.g., software updates (admittedly infrequent so far), surfing the web, email, etc. For simply reading, I don’t see any trade off between the HDX 8.9 and the HD10, although the HDX has a better quality screen for reading (there’s that should have more closely read the specs). Unlike other reviewers have stated, the HD10 hasn’t had any difficulty seeing my WI-Fi connection or staying connected (I keep waiting for this to occur but so far so good). The greatest improvement for me is the improved user interface, i.e., no more annoying carousel. I also configured the HD10 without the special offers, so no more annoying pop up “offers”, especially when reading! The HD10 is a nice device but not a great device. The price, however, is great. As stated, I was looking for a Kindle reading device larger than the HDX 8.9. But, the HD10’s height is a bit too big (this would be mitigated if it was wider than its 6”). I find myself using the HDX8.9 frequently, although I wish it was a bit bigger (say 9.5). In full openness, I do have an iPad (gen 3) with the Kindle app installed and also read on it too. If I want “tablet” functionality, that’s what I predominantly use. The HD10 is better than 3 stars but not quite 4 stars (like a 3.5). Since I can’t do that, I’ve rated it 4 stars with reservations. I’m keeping the HD10 but if I tire of it, I’ll give it to one of my grand-kids.
R3U86JFQUS1T5B	2.0	Kindle 10 disappointing.	7	8	Great to have a choice of wallpaper. Extremely slow, even with all bars on WiFi. I would like to have my carousel back. Icons WAY TOO BIG in the recent section. Rather disappointing. Hoping for a better performance after updates. Battery life was stated as eight hours, overpromised at best. Embarrassingly slow.
R31X9N4U9C1IYU	4.0	Overall I really like my new Kindle Fire 10	4	4	Overall I really like my new Kindle Fire 10.1 HD. The interface is very clean and intuitive. The tablet performance is very good I have not seen any of the slow loading or WiFi issues reported by others. Compared to my previous Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 I like the Kindle much better. The only drawbacks are the lack of Google Play support and the battery life while not bad is not as long as I wish it was. I also bought the Kindle cover and I really like that the Kindle sleeps just by closing the cover on it. No need to hit the power button and it wakes back up immediately when you open the cover.
R2OA2MVMSN6UCU	2.0	I was so very disappointed. I was looking forward to getting my white ...	4	4	I was so very disappointed. I was looking forward to getting my white Fire HD 10. But it would not connect to the wireless network. I had to turn it off three times before it did. Then every application ran so slow and that was even after inserting a 32G mini SD card. I was really taken back when I streamed Prime movies. The picture and color quality were so bad. Poor color resolution, very unclear picture. I compared this unit with my wifes Samsung tab 4 10 and it was unreal how much better the Samsung was. So today I sent the fire back along with the cover. Im getting a Samsung. Shame.
R3GHS1M7JOI7DT	2.0	Slow and fuzzy	9	11	Good: Nice size, battery life is good. Interface is really good, very easy to use. Bad: Screen resolution is not good, dull and fuzzy is the best way to describe. Operating system is slow, you will wait for every page to load and I only open one window at a time. Loaded games that I used on Kindle Fire HDX and HD10 froze trying to load then skipped through every game I tried. Really wanted this to work Returned today. The price would be fair if the screen resolution and operating system worked better, not sure why Jeff let such a mediocre product out of the bag. I will wait for HDX to go on sale.
RDFBALU9ODG8	1.0	Poor connectivity, low resolution	11	14	Sitting side-by-side with my KF 8.9, this device says Wifi signal is "poor" and the 8.9 says "excellent". I wanted a bigger screen for mags that publish pages graphically, e.g. Asimov's... on the 8.9 they work out to about 5-point type, and the extra 20%+ of screen area on the 10 SHOULD mean I would finally be able to read it. But the low resolution of the KF10's screen defeats that hope... it is truly unreadable, there just aren't enough pixels. The device software has some serious problems too. I moved to a different room with the wifi access point so that even this device confessed it had "excellent" signal. Only once out of 10 attempts over two days was I able to get a complete download of any content. Every other time it either failed to start the download, or quit partway through, "please try again later". It also would not d/l any of my apps from Amazon. Video might look ok, if you are content with less-than-full-HD (I've seen people calling it a "1080p display" but it is NOT)... I couldn't get prime video to play on it either. It is very thin and light. That counts as a good thing. It's too bad they have done such a poor job with the rollout, and selected such a bad display. BACK IN THE BOX!
R1JMEV30462OFQ	3.0	Very slow	7	8	Just got this today, love the look. But it takes forever to open a website. Not sure yet if I will keep it. Has good sound and the videos look good. Any suggestions on how to make it faster world be appreciated.
RNE7U070BBLYZ	3.0	On a battery diet.	4	4	Comparing it to my iPad 2 that I wanted to replace with the Kindel, a few issues. The Kindle loved to eat the battery. It was drained by early evening, with minimal use throughout the day. I didn't play videos or movies. Played some games but 15 minute max. The screen was clear and bright. Some applications I have on my iPad, were not compatible with my device. (No, I was not trying to install an Apple product onto Kindle.)Because of the battery issue, I returned the product.
R3JXDH8WQNJ7TH	5.0	My second Fire. This is the one you will want	4	4	This is AMAZING!!!! The HD screen is incredible and I love my Fire. Make sure you buy the keyboard. BTW, the keyboard slides forward and you can position the Fire in 3 different positions. Yes, it took me a couple of days to figure that one out. The nice surprise when you order is you can pay in 5 installments to your credit card. It was almost fully charged but it does charge quickly. Downloading music, books, etc. is a snap and I love having Prime to save music and watchlist.
R24SYPWY27ZL85	5.0	but not in a bad way, just different	4	4	I wasnt sure if I wanted to go from my Fire 7, which was my first tablet ever, to this larger format. After using the Fire HD 10 for two weeks I am hooked. I will admit it is different to hold because if its size, but not in a bad way, just different. The screen is crystal clear, and the functions are intuitive and similar to the seven. Long term use will provide more feed back but initial results are a thumbs up.
R3QKD6IHK53KP5	2.0	Not sure what to think!	4	4	The email works better than on my fire 8.9 but when the Simpson's tapped out came out with an update the game said I had to update to continue to play but the fire 10 won't update. It just keeps going back to the page to open the game and if you go to the fire 10's app update section it says there are no updates! Is this going to happen with updates for other apps making them and the fire 10 useless?
R2EWG6KSGVOHZS	5.0	I love it! It's a nice size for reading purposes ...	4	4	I love it! It's a nice size for reading purposes -- I am blown away by the read to me feature, and it all around serves the purpose that I wanted it for. I was not looking for another computer with huge applications to slow down efficiency -- I just needed something to keep me occupied; to name a few, reading, game playing, surfing web, and on-line shopping! I think it's the best ever!
RVTLZXVKPKPWO	2.0	Crap	4	4	I bought this for my wife so we could give our Kindle Fire HDX to our son for his use only. So disappointing on the constantly having to disconnect from the wifi and reconnect to it just so the device will connect to our router. Her happiness and joy has turned into heartbreak over what she had in the Fire HDX and this lump. Think we are planning on returning it
R2X0ZN0T6NQVHJ	3.0	I wanted to love the Fire HD10, but...	8	10	First, there's no Mayday button. If you telephone Amazon, they can remote connect to your advice, but no ease of asking a quick question. Lame. I feel a little tricked because Amazon put up a comparison grid that only included the new models, so I can't compare an HDX to a Fire HD10. I used the Mayday feature before I ordered this and asked someone what the difference was, and she spent a few minutes looking at the specs and came back and the new model has a better screen. Even internally, they're not making a direct comparison easy and I definitely think this is on purpose so that downgraded features aren't glaringly obvious. (What other downgraded features are you hiding from us, Amazon?) Second, I use my device while holding it a lot, so it's not always perfectly steady. There's this new menu that opens from the top of the tablet if the tablet is jostled or tilted even slightly, and when I hold the tablet it seems to open this menu every few seconds. It's distracting and annoying and I can't figure out how to turn it off. Sure wish I had Mayday to help me. Third, the $99 keyboard case they're pushing with this is lame. It's difficult to pull the keyboard out and is just not comfortable to use. I'll rate the keyboard separately, but if anyone is trying to decide whether to buy it, I wouldn't. I'm returning the keyboard definitely and on the fence about returning the Fire 10. All of that said, I do like the new layout. The appearance is different and it feels better organized, easier to find things. Also, the screen doesn't feel like it's causing eyestrain. I wish I could combine the best features of the HD10 and the HDX.
R2LIBQ5ZIXI4VD	5.0	Beautiful picture and sound and lightning fast with no buffering ...	4	4	"Perfect".. Just had it a few days now but loving every minute of it. I am perhaps the biggest Kindle fan of all time. This makes my 3rd one and when I saw the new 10.1 coming out...it was a no brainer, I knew I had to have it. Beautiful picture and sound and lightning fast with no buffering issues. Amazon..you did it again! Life long fan.
R1BMBH5MUI42FS	3.0	Budget (?) choice for larger Kindle, some trade-offs	3	3	I'm a Kindle fanatic. I've had (now) five of them: starting with the Keyboard that just died (RIP), a next-gen Fire (still working), the 7" HD (primary Kindle) and a small 6" for long battery life and travel (not my fave, but it holds books and runs for weeks.) However, I noticed two things about my Fire HD 7"--one, it is rather small and two, you really do need more than 16GB of memory. So when the 10" Fire HD went on sale, I bought it, thinking it would be a great tablet to have especially for travel, because I've found the Kindles are actually a great substitute for a laptop. However, the 10" Fire HD is not perfect. So I bought this tablet for the 10" size, the price--frankly, it didn't break the bank, and best of all, I can watch videos offline, which for travel is important--WiFi is not always available, and if you are out of the US, you can't download certain content due to the crazy regional rules for digital rights managment. And there is the MicroSD slot. That is the one thing missing from the HDX 7" . Seems like a perfect Kindle but it's not as good as my HDX 7", which was disappointing. 1. The sound. Yes, it has Dolby Atmos Dual Stereo Speakers, same as the HDX but somehow, they sound tinny. I can't say why. They just don't sound as good as the smaller Kindle. It isn't very loud, same issue with the other Kindle--but, I understand that battery power drains the louder you make the speakers. I guess it's a trade-off, but they aren't loud enough. I do hook them up to Bluetooth speakers or use earbuds if I'm in a noisy place. 2. Seems to load apps slowly. 3. Camera (despite front and back, nice) is mediocre. 4. Screen resolution doesn't look as sharp as the HDX Summary: Good points: Big Screen Offline video Front and back camera (meh quality, though) THIN THIN THIN (easy to carry) Price--not terribly expensive Bad Points Sound Slow loading Mediocre photo quality of camera Not as snappy as the 7" HDX Resolution seems poorer Conclusion: Save money for the best Kindle, but not a bad choice for a family Kindle if you are interested in entertainment and want to save some on the cost. They go on sale from time to time.
R1AILIZC7ITH66	1.0	1st time ever encountering NIGHTMARES buying Fire tablet-Shocked	3	3	I've never written a review of a product I bought from Amazon. I am always so happy with everything. Plus there are already great reviews about the products. This is the first and will be the last time I Pre-order a new product from Amazon!!!! It's the most terrible tablet I've ever gotten from Amazon! I don't know what is worst, the tablet, what an Amazon rep told me that it had 1. Mayday 2. Printed User Manual or how the tech support is rude, when they don't know how to resolve an issue they say "your model doesn't do that" when I'm reading instructions straight from the user manual, keeps repeating that line over and over again. A U.S. based customer service rep was professional and friendly like every Amazon person I've ever had been in contact with (until having to attempt to communicate with the NASTY 10.1 TECH SUPPORT TEAM, the terminology Customer Service must not translate into the language of the country the call center is located). She really tried to help going so far as to get the 10.1 tablet I have, working together to resolve the issues. When her tablet did what it was suppose to do and mine didn't she had to transfer me to the dreaded technical support dept. I requested a person that English was their 1st language. Unfortunately I'm assuming, though I might be wrong, that Amazon has outsourced the 10 HD tech support to a foreign country, I got another tech that English wasn't her 1st language. She was professional and said she read the notes and was sending me a new tablet. She was also going to send me an email with a free shipping label to send back the 1st one. Told her my printer wasn't working, told me I have 30 days to return it. She never emailed it to me. One more issue to resolve. She said make sure the new one is working before I send anything back. Guess what still problems. Now been told SD card defective, some of the other problems were fixed but not all. Bottom line I not only bought the the tablet, bought the Amazon cover, and the SD card with the most data storage, will probably not get full refund for all the things I bought for the 10.1 tablet. Least I forget I bought several manuals that were suppose to be for the HD 10.1 only to find out there is not a hardcover or kindle format for this tablet I'm trying to think positively that Amazon will resolve this situation for me. I've been a Prime member for years and have always thought very highly of how Amazon does business. I believe that the problems customers who own other Fire devices are encountering will be resolved for us. I asked why the price was so low, what was I going to lose. The reply I was given was that the picture resolution wasn't going to be as good as the HDX. Amazon was offering this great price to introduce the new product line with the new feature of the SD card. Asked specifically about Mayday told yes. Tech Rep even said she had one on the pre-order. Never in the past has an Amazon Rep told me anything that turned out to be anything different from what they said. Even when I goofed, not buying the HDX without the max gbs they reviewed what were my options. I think this is what has me the most upset.
R3NYG4G6IONMMH	5.0	Bigger and better.	4	4	After almost four years with my original Kindle Fire it was time for an upgrade. Big screen, great sound, more fun for gaming and video watching and shopping. And great price for 10" screen. Original Kindle still going strong as my primary book reading device too. It's all good. Very happy with my Kindle family.
RKA0CXLZAC97R	4.0	Some problems.	4	4	Good overall unit. In my opinion, change in op system does not seem a plus. Have found too many apps which do not appear compatible. Not good when something you like and are used to is no longer available. Changing op sys just to say it's different is not the way to keep long time customers happy.
R2KEUH1GFDCLRE	5.0	... cant beat this you have the 10 inch screen amazing hd quality and the sound is excellent	4	4	For the price you cant beat this you have the 10 inch screen amazing hd quality and the sound is excellent. Its so easy to use and set up and a ton of free movies and music downloads, amazon really hits it out of the park when it comes to quality and value for money. I highly recommend it.
R2HCFXEJPUPCHH	1.0	DON'T BUY THE KINDLE HD 10"	6	7	I've owned three Kindles and was SO looking forward to this new Kindle HD 10", assuming it was going to match the quality of my HDX. WRONG! It sucks. BUT- KUDOS to Amazon for refunding my purchase price and telling me to keep it! A LOT of people must have felt the same way I do. I am still stuck with an expensive case and an SD mini storage card, making for an expensive way to read books and play games, but I still have my HDX, it still works most of the time and I will maintain hope that Amazon will fix all the problems with this new Kindle HD and come out with a newer better version of the HDX!
R2A8PJO6ZDJT3G	1.0	Disappointed	9	11	Was so excited to get this tablet, and am so disappointed in my 10" Fire. It is slow and the screen freezes. I was expecting this product to be great, especially since I have been so happy with my previous Fires.
R2XT0VRFVNBW94	1.0	Worse tablet ever	9	11	Worse tablet ever.... freezes up, connection issues, it took 1hour and 20 minutes to download a movie compared to 10/15 minutes . Hoping for upgrades soon if not I will be returning it.
R2T3M9VGOG0ED6	1.0	I liked my previous Kindle a lot and this one is ...	4	4	I liked my previous Kindle a lot and this one is hard to work for me. I have trouble getting back into the book every time I shut it down. The pages don't turn easily and sometimes a couple go by at once. I don't like it at all!
R3V4ZN1VUVSQ6T	1.0	It can happen to anyone.	4	4	Sorry to say I received a defective one. The power button is not operating. A replacement should arrive tomorrow. Customer service and tech support were very efficient. Will let you know later if the product performs!
R2WCTZZBFEUSK8	5.0	Outstanding	4	4	I've been using my new Fire since the first day it was available and so far I really enjoy it. The picture quality is awesome. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a good quality pad.
R1VUCKABWR3KW2	5.0	Awesome!	4	4	I love my new fire! I just watched my first movie on it and the speakers on this little thing are amazing! Super easy to use and set up . Very lightweight. I'm very pleased. The price is great for what you get !
R2IF0ZZBS6PSPT	1.0	Looks like the Fire HD 10.1 is going back	11	14	Added a 128 gb memory chip, looked forward to loading up some movies. Started downloading movies and is extremely slow, then just went blank, tried to shut off, have been watching it shut down for the last 15 minutes without and end in sight. UPDATED: It died a slow and painful death, no way to turn on or off, didn't last 24hrs....
R2T5GI8J4UNHA0	1.0	Sorry, Amazon, this was a miss	4	4	Sorry, Amazon. I think they blew it with this and I have returned it. The processor is slow and the display extremely grainy. My HDX is faster and has a better screen. First disappointing product from Amazon.
R221MTQ3YJOWFN	2.0	So disappointed	3	3	Preordered my device and it arrived right on time, really liked the look and feel of it and returned it and the cover and everything else I purchased to go along with it and went back to my older Fire device. Why? I wear glasses and can read my Fire without glasses,can adjust the font size and darkness of print on my fire and you can't make the same adjustments on this device,the print is grey,not black therefore useless to me for reading books. The ads and notices from Amazon that appear(I.e. For adding sound to a book) are irritating and distracting if you just want to read. The color on the device is great but it is a lot slower in navigating and downloading,the sound is good but I was so disappointed in the reading problems that I returned it after working with Customer Support for 2 full days trying to get a better type/ print color for reading. The first rep I spoke to knew nothing about the new version and the second day I was fortunate to speak to someone who even went to design team to get answers for me. I hope Amazon gets the problems worked out so I can try with a better version,until then I will stay with my older Fire.
R3LCLWCHQCGWW	4.0	Kindle Fire HD 10 Review	3	3	I have only used my Kindle Fire for a few days, but I do like the larger version. It is a bit heavier, but it is nothing I can't deal with. The scrolling tends to get confused and opens windows I'm not trying to open, but in time I think I will be able to over come that issue by learning just where to to put my fingers. The one draw back is putting features on the Kindle that are useless to me. I wish Kindle would give a choice to what we want loaded on our device instead of wasting space that could be put to better use. I also which the home feature was on a button to the side instead of having to try and get it to appear with the swipe of the finger. I'm not crazy about the color white, but the black cover solves this problem. It might seem like I dislike Kindle Fire HD 10, but that is not the case. If the few things were corrected I have mentioned I would have gave it a five pistar review. The picture quality is good and so is the sound. All in all I think with a few tweaks this could be the perfect device.
RKLZEB4ENH5NN	5.0	This is great and better than my old Kindle	4	4	This is great and better than my old Kindle. Much lighter the camera the cloud storage the size. I am crazy about this new Kindle and over all just very happy. Thank You Amazon
R2V7ASF4M8XPD	1.0	My Immediate disappointment	3	3	As I just got this on Saturday, I haven't had time to really use it. However, 2 things I noticed right away. I read books, a lot of books. I use the overdrive app, oneclick digital app and the 3M Cloud library app. I could not get the 3M Cloud library app on this Fire HD 10. I have it on my older kindles and it works fine. The second thing is that "subway surfers" doesn't show up as an app for this kindle. I have it on my older kindles. My grandchildren love that app and use it all the time. We have contests between us to see who can get the higher score. I was looking for a bigger screen as my eyesight is going but it seems bigger is not always better. Two weeks later I want to update my review. This kindle just quit working. I use it last night and then this morning I couldn't get it to come alive even after charging it for several hours. Fortunately, Amazon has a great return policy. I will switch to IPad and pay the extra for a larger screen.
R1RSORIPF3S8GZ	4.0	Just a small issue, otherwise love it	3	3	This is the 4th kindle I have owned and I really like them. The price is excellent, they are user friendly and Amazon's customer service is beyond reproach. The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because I think this model has a software problem. The first one I purchased would not turn off without a hard shutdown, the option to turn off just didn't work. Then it developed other issues and Best Buy exchanged it for another one. The current one will not shut off without a hard shut down either, so that leads me to believe it is a software problem. Also, if you purchase this model, DO NOT enable the voice activation, as that function will mess the entire unit up and NOTHING will work. That happened to me anyway. Also a side note, the photo's this Kindle takes are phenomenal. I think once the unit is a little older and the techs have time to work on the software, it will be great. Meanwhile, I can live with the hard shutdown.
RTHB9UVAAH3F1	1.0	Suprisingly Very Disapointed	5	6	I have purchased every Fire since the first generation launched in 2011, and every subsequent Fire Tablet created by Amazon was a substantial improvement over the previous one--until now. Fire HD 10 sacrifices everything that made Fire Tablets great for a simple 10-inch screen and micro SD card slot. It comes with an abysmal 149ppi pixilation, which is even lower than the first Fire released in 2011 (it had 169ppi pixilation). It has poor connectivity rate for Bluetooth devices and poor stability rate for internet connectivity, as well as a slower processing speed (1.5 GHz) than its predecessor. Unfortunately, Fire HD 10 fails in every area that matters for a Fire Tablet when it is compared with Fire HDX 8.9 (4th Generation): Fire HDX 8.9 (4th Generation) Fire HD 10 Pixilation: 339ppi Pixilation: 149ppi Processor: Quad-core 2.5 Ghz Processor: Quad-core 1.5 Ghz Battery Life: 12 hours Battery Life: 8 hours 8MP HD camera (front & rear) 5MP HD camera (front & rear) 2GB Ram 1GB Ram 4G Connectivity No 4G Connectivity The Fire HDX 8.9 (4th Generation) launched in March 2015 and overall functions better as a product than Fire HD 10, as well as offers a vastly better visual experience. It seems that Amazon went from producing high quality Fire Tablets to a lower qualitatively cheaper model, with 1.1 inches of more screen and a micro SD card slot—for What? That’s a mystery, but what's clear is that Fire HDX tablets are qualitatively better than Amazon’s current line of Fire Tablets. Indeed, when contrasting and comparing Fire HDX tablets with Amazon’s current Fire lineup, it would seem that they are two distinct product lines altogether. I do not recommend the Fire HD 10 to any Amazon customer who owns a 4th or 3rd generation Fire Tablet (particularly HDX). Additionally, the very low resolution is hard on one’s eyes for reading, watching movies, streaming videos, and looking at images in general. Unless you really need a cheap, quality non-existent tablet, and you don’t care about your eyesight, purchase the Fire HD 10. Otherwise, save your money, hold onto your previous generation tablets and hope Amazon one day corrects this colossal error.
R2FFB9UX2TXQPT	2.0	Terribly Disappointed. I hate Apple, but I'm returning my Fire and ordering another iPad. :(	5	6	I love everything else Amazon has ever done, so it breaks my heart to write this review. I've had a couple of iPads and they work great, but I find Apple's pricing and politics ridiculous, so I was excited to move away from them and go with an Amazon product. Sadly, the Fire HD is seriously inferior. This device is SLOW. Every step of the setup process was painfully slow. Downloading, and even opening, apps is slow. I have my OLD iPad sitting right next to the Fire HD performing the same functions on the same WiFi connection and the Fire takes 4 times as long to do anything. The WiFi connectivity is not great. Again, I have my old iPad 3 sitting right next to this device, and the Fire HD keeps losing the network connection or dropping down to 1-2 bars, while the iPad is streaming and loading everything with lightning speed. Funny thing is, I have a Fire TV Stick running in the same room, and it has a wonderfully reliable, super-fast connection! The touch screen is also sometimes not very responsive - I will have to tap some things 4-5 times before they trigger. Most of the apps I was looking for are available in the Amazon App Store. However, these are buggy versions that appear to have been thrown together without the care that the developers have put into their iOs versions. Possibly the worst part of all is the battery life. We are supposed to get 8 hours of usage.... I get about 4, even with the screen set as dim as possible. It also completely discharges on standby (with NO USE) within 2 days, even with the setting enabled to turn off WiFi when the device is on standby. I do love the integration with the Amazon ecosystem. I hope someday Amazon will make the necessary improvements and I can give their tablets another chance. But for now, I will be returning this device with a heavy heart. :(
R181OYQJJECLPA	5.0	Replaced my laptop and added features.	3	3	I bought this to replace my laptop when traveling. I received it on Sept 30 and left for a week the next day. The keyboard was backordered so I found a cheap case at a discount store near me. Trying to learn the device without the keyboard was frustrating. The size and weight are greater than I expected and holding it to read is not comfortable for extended periods of time. Fortunately, it fits quite well on an airliner's tray table. The screen is a nice size and is easy to read. Connecting to airport and airline Wi-Fi was easy. It being under 15", I was able to leave it in my briefcase when going through security checks. Battery life seems to be adequate for everything I needed. I did not try movies or TV. Once I connected the keyboard after returning home, I was able to navigate the device more quickly and changed my 4-star rating to a 5-star.
RTEE37FQP7BAV	5.0	Outstanding	4	4	The size is great. The set up is a little different but logical and easy as always Each time I get a new kindle it is better than the last one. I love it.
R3E3HJ0LZBU39Y	4.0	This is an excellent tablet. I did have problems with the first ...	5	6	This is an excellent tablet. I did have problems with the first one I received: frequent problems with keys on Fire keyboard, which others have referred to as "dead pixel" I think; it was a bit slow and was not able to close or open new Silk windows after having a few open. This Fire was promptly replaced. Below is my review of my new HD 10. I love the larger screen size, weight, Evernote connections with notes, document organization, and video access. Resolution seems fine. There’s a little noticeable difference between my Fire HDX 8.9, but the lighter weight and larger screen size more than makes up for any difference. I probably wouldn’t have noticed if I hadn’t seen questions about it in the forum truthfully. I like sd card expansion possibilities, but haven't tried that yet. I edited a Word document extensively on the new tablet and it worked great. No keyboard issues at all. I am still having an issue with closing Silk pages, but manual directs you on how to clear cache, which works. But it shouldn't happen so frequently. Video picture and sound is fine. The Fire HD 10 is a great value. Speed is reasonable, but could be a bit faster. That and battery keeps me from giving it 5 stars. However, I gave my husband my HDX 8.9 and am very happy with my HD 10. To give you some context on my Fire use: I predominantly use my Fire for reading, which I do quite a lot of: the NY Times, fun fiction, academic reading for work and PhD project. So an indexed table of contents, highlights and notes are important to me. I do also watch some videos and movies on my Fire, but that tends to be sporadic.
RO9QYP4RJHGZ2	5.0	Exceeding my expectations	4	4	Exceeding my expectations. Slim, light and fast. Won't fit in my purse, but you can't have everything. Maybe I need a new purse.
R2CVIRL09VO457	5.0	New Kindle is very nice	3	3	I really like it. My main reason for upgrading from my previous Kindle was to get the SD card slot, which has worked out very well. I can now carry quite a bit of my music with me. The 64Gig card cost $20, which is $10 less than the 16Gig upgrade offered as an option. The screen is big enough to watch a movie, and the extra storage allows you to download several at a time. This will be very nice for airplane trips. I do miss the micro HDMI connector, which my other Kindle has, It would be nice to play a movie from the Kindle to the TV. I think this new one works better, and they did a good job updating the OS and user interface. I also like the slimmer design and the fact that it weighs less than my old one.
R201UZH871O394	1.0	AWESOME DEVICE if you don't care about pixelated text	6	7	If you've never looked at an iPad, you'll love this device. I should have looked at the tech specs, my fault. Reading from it feels like reading from a page printed from a dot matrix printer. I like the size...OS is fine...
R25LE0XVY45E3D	5.0	Very nice unit	3	3	Not sure how I missed the announcements for this Kindle. I came across it by accident looking for a different cover for my 8.9 Fire HD. This new 5th generation Kindle is working great. Very thin. Not particularly heavy. I didn't like how the home page was cluttered with a bunch of icons, but Amazon Help explained how to drag and drop one on top of the other, so they form a folder. Keep on dropping, and all the little-used stuff turns into one icon. Always hated the carousel. The settings are better organized. There are lots of reviews, so I won't go into much detail. Just wanted to add the stars.
R31OFGE97J3T2E	1.0	Very disappointed	10	13	I was very disappointed. I ordered 2, with the plan of giving on as a gift. Neither performed anywhere near expected. In fact, after registering the first one, it totally locked up. No re-start possible. I then registered the second one, used it for about 30 minutes and it was very erratic, then it locked up. Neither the picture nor the sound were anywhere near the quality I get with my Kindle Fire HD7. I would really like a larger screen, but the current one is not acceptable, by any means. If you get the bugs worked out, I would like to try a larger screen, but not this one. But I do give you a pat on the back for your return and refund policy. I appreciate it. Milie
R12AUCSFOLA88Y	1.0	I loved my HDX kindle	6	7	Only got this because my HDX that died because of your updates. I loved my HDX kindle. Do not like this one. It freezes too much. Unable to get scrabble to pass and play on here. Dislike much.
R15PRXAB607U2J	4.0	Larger Screen and MicroSD Card Support are the prime benefits as I've discovered thus far...	3	3	Generally speaking, I like it. I bought it as an upgrade to my 3rd generation Kindle Fire HDX but I have since decided to keep both. The resolution of the Kindle Fire HDX is far superior to that of the 5th generation Kindle Fire HD 10 and the Mayday support option for the HDX is not available on the 10. What I like about the 10 is the larger screen size for these aging eyes and the fact that you can add a MicroSD card of up to 128GB. The 10 is responsive and reasonably priced and I'm sure I will learn more as I have more time to use it.
RWGN9NINOB3BG	5.0	Five Stars	4	4	I am thoroughly enjoying my HD 10 especially the upgrade in size and picture quality
R3L3NRDGLZKS13	2.0	Two Stars	4	4	i love the size but it sometimes freezes and the touch screen isn't that responsive.
REQR0KMWWF6MA	1.0	The unit was difficult to turn on and almost impossible ...	13	17	The unit was difficult to turn on and almost impossible to turn off. Half of the screen is used to sell Amazon products etc. Sent the unit back for refund.
RODU68YRW55LB	4.0	Best tablet made by Amazon so far	3	3	Best tablet made by Amazon so far . I bought this device so i can read books instead of reading them on my phone as i have been doing these past months. It's also great for watching movies or shows online. It's a lot lighter than the previous versions and i absolutely love it. I would have loved being able to have the google play store apps on it but for the price this tablet costs, i am very happy with it and would definitely recommend it!
R2NWZNNZJ3CXNP	1.0	Slow Performance	3	3	Overall, I am disappointed with my purchase. While the Fire has some nice features, they are all overshadowed by the poor performance. The device frequently locks up and becomes unresponsive. This typically happens when I'm using Amazon's web browser; Silk, I would have returned it if I could, but Amazon charges a 15% restocking fee if the return is not the result of defect or their mistake. I've gone back to using my first generation IPAD.
RG961OF3OYXAX	5.0	Great product.	3	3	I love to my original Kindle, but I was ready to upgrade. The new Kindle 10 is marvelous. The screen is big and I am able to quickly navigate and use all my favorite features. The stereo sound is very good and the quality of the picture is great for viewing my favorite shows on Netflix and other sites such as Amazon prime . I heartily recommend this product. I do miss the Google play store. Amazon apps supply my app choices on this device.
R37HW8BTFP5R65	1.0	Very, very disappointed.	5	6	Very displeased with this Kindle. It is slow, non very responsive, and un-sensitive to touch screen controls. I bought a 128 gb card to go with it. Great idea, but, what's the value if it is so slow and you have to keep punching the screen to get it to move. Plus, strangely, some of the apps/files are counter-intuitive--never could find "photos", the web browser and other files. It can't compare to my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9, which crapped out after only 18 months (the on/off switch won't work). I'm going to spring for the repair of the broken Kindle Fire HDX (I do wish that Amazon had been a bit more flexible in helping me resolve the Kindle Fire HDX problem--an expensive devise like this shouldn't crap out after 18 months. That's wasted money.)
R2RVU721W1DP93	1.0	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY	12	16	Don't waste your money. There is no Mayday. It locks up all the time and has to be restarted. If you press the round (home) button at the bottom of the screen it hesitates before taking you back to screens. With every app on your device it suggests more apps to buy. $$$$$ Definitely not easy to navigate. If you are using the case Amazon suggested you can't take pictures facing out because the case covers the camera lens. It does not slide out of the case like the Fire 7. This is my 7th Kindle, but Amazon dropped the ball on this one. You can not get the Xfinity app on the 10. The keyboard is hard to work with and the Kindle 10 screen is not that touch sensitive. Hopefully I can get Amazon to refund my money.
R32ON59SIUNAC8	1.0	Inferior Tablet	3	3	I have a two-year-old Fire HDX 7" that I LOVE!! So, wanting an additional Fire, with a larger display, I pre-ordered the Fire HD 10, thinking it would be at least equal in quality, if not better. Boy, was I wrong. The HD 10 is NOTHING like an HDX. If you are price-conscious and not used to using an HDX-level device, the HD 10 might be OK. I ended up returning the HD 10 for a refund.
R2RQ5XSCJ8Q66M	4.0	Turned on easily, and downloaded the update with no problem	3	3	Received the fire HD 10 on the specified day. Turned on easily, and downloaded the update with no problem. All apps and data transferred quickly and logged on to the WiFi network with no hesitation. I noticed no freezing of programs at this time. The display is sharp and colorful for me. I have only had it a few days, but so far I am very satisfied with my purchase!
R2W1TBHKXTZK9	1.0	DO NOT BUY THIS	12	16	Customer service sucks, and keeping this device powered and on is impossible. If the issue does not get fixed soon I will be returning this device and I highly recommend that no one purchase it until two things happen. First, Amazon needs to get better customer service, people who speak and understand english and who know how to trouble shoot a kindle device beyond looking at the info online that any 2 year old can do. Second, Amazon needs to have better quality controlls in place before a device ships. No kindle devices should ship if they do not turn on and stay on until powered off by the user.
R2GT35KUUUZ7TV	1.0	Don't bother upgrading	7	9	Was really excited to get this. I have a first generation Fire that has worked great and never had any problems with it but wanted something larger that had blue tooth and all the other features. The first thing I noticed was the odd shape. It certainly was designed to only use horizontally. But, the biggest problem was the speed. It took forever to load the video page where the very first version of the device I already had did this instantly. That was a deal breaker. That same day I packaged it back up and returned it to Amazon. Glad that the return process is simple and they were kind enough to give me a credit to my account to offset the return postage charge that was reduced from my refund. Not mad at Amazon, just wish they wouldn't have cut corners to make this a value device. Should have known this would have been the case based on the price. For now am just sticking with my first generation device since it works just fine. Might look into the 8" HDX version that is not longer available on Amazon but through other retailers.
RPUDXCQPSUFM7	1.0	beware! read and compare the specs over previous versions	3	3	don't be fooled. This is mostly just a slight physical screen increase over previous versions for ~1/3 more cost. Same processing power, same resolution (which means for the bigger screen the ppi or pixels per inch DECREASES. Look at the specs. It's basically a hardware version of a ~25% digital zoom function.
R2T2IDAP7RD2BU	3.0	S L O W	3	3	Disappointed. This is my 3rd and least favorite kindle. The operating system is very slow, screen freezes, just to few pics on Facebook takes a full minute to load. I don't like the new format and it is a bit too long. Pros _ Once focused the picture is great, sound is pretty good and lightweight. I am returning.
R36V1Z6F9JBVHY	5.0	At first we hated it because it froze constantly	3	3	At first we hated it because it froze constantly. But than we got the extra Micro card with 64GB and I upgraded my router; result; no more freezing, with the extra 64GB we can now store a lot of data, stream movies, books and photos. I bought it for my daughter and I may be one for myself now that we love it.
R17SXOO3ENH1HB	5.0	I love my Fire HD	3	3	I love my Fire HD. I had the first generation Kindle Fire for the longest time and it died recently, so I decided to get something bigger. I use it mostly for reading, so I like the bigger screen. When I do use it to watch Prime or Netflix, I feel it's the perfect size for that as well. It's light weight.
R37B8QZ4L7QPJX	1.0	One Star	3	3	i can not get this to do anything correctly the touch does not work when it should not you can not use the apps it turns when it should not. the system is too screwed up. amazon you are going to get this back. i suggest you not buy this item but find an alternative!!! poor electriconics totally!!!!!!
R2C5QZVSFV35H4	3.0	Will be worth upgrading from previous Fires once the bugs are fixed or documented.	2	2	I'm reviewing this as an upgrade from a second generation Kindle Fire HD, having had the original Fire, the succeeding year's Fire HD, but never having had another company's Android-based tablet. Cons: 1. Color. This may sound trivial, but I pre-ordered this and had to wait several extra weeks to get it in white instead of black. Had there been pictures then showing that the face was still black; which shows finger smudges so much more than white and the unit looks like an old police car when using it; I'd have ordered the black instead and avoided the wait. A case will cover the back anyway, but the face will always show the ugly two tone of the black face with a white edge. The disappointment in the black face of this unit brought my review from a 4-star to a 3-star after the following brought it to 4 instead of 5. 2. Unreliable. I'll be in the middle of something, and suddenly, without my touching it, a screen the size of the settings screen will slide down from the top. Then it may slide back up and come down again with a second screen connected to it. More small screens may continue to come down, or it may start flipping through full-sized screens, one after another. It may do this for a minute or two, then bring up a bunch of small screens with X's at the top right that let me close them. The last of these small screens has always been the one I was using, and there's no way I've been able to find to expand it back to full screen. It can only be closed with any work lost. This first happened on Halloween which made it seem like a haunting ;-) Other reviews that I read when this first happened indicated that calling the help line did not help and that there wasn't any fix in the works. I've waited to write this review to see whether I could live with this or would return the device. As I use the Fire for entertainment only, and have fallen in love with other features, I can live with it. The "haunting" can be stopped for awhile with a hard restart. I'm looking for a way to shut down an app before going to Home and starting a different one, as this makes it appear that unlike the previous Fires, more than one app is in memory at a time, and the haunting presents the only way I've seen so far to click an X and shut down previously-used apps. I suspect the page flipping may be the Fire's way of telling me too much is in memory, but I haven't been able to find any documentation about closing apps, if that's what it's about. This didn't happen with the first two generations of Fire. Unless a way to avoid the "hauntings" can be found and documented up-front, I would not recommend this to anyone who might use it to do actual work such as spread sheets, word processing, or even long emails. If an app shutting down and losing whatever work you hadn't already saved would be horrible for you; wait for a less buggy release. Pros: 1. Weight. When the first Kindle Fire arrived, its heaviness was surprising for its size. The Fire HD 10 is just the opposite; surprisingly light weight for its size. It's very easy to hold horizontally in one hand and forearm. I haven't looked it up to compare weights, but this feels lighter than the first generation Fire to me. 2. Size. This is so much nicer for reading magazines and newsfeed articles. I happen to play an online (non-action) game daily, mostly on my desktop PC. It's playable on the earlier 7" Fire tablets, but extremely slow and cumbersome due to having to constantly scroll to see various parts of the game's page. If the electricity was out in the house, I'd take the Fire to a free-wifi coffee shop to log in or do the minimum needed at the moment; but it was definitely for "emergency" only. The full width of the game page shows on this Fire, and I'll sometimes pick up the game for a few minutes when I'm not in the computer room. It's also a nice side for private viewing of videos, which I've not done much of on the previous Fires. 3. Ability to add an SD card for storage. This and the size were the reasons it was worth upgrading. Odds & ends: I couldn't find the Pulse newsfeed that I use on my other Fires, but found Newshog, which is also good, as well as the free 6-month subscription to the Washington Post for Prime members. This Fire can be set to "closed captioning" for all videos having cc, and the few videos I've perused so far have it. This wasn't the case when the original Fire was introduced, and the second generation Fire, even with it's bluetooth (the reason I purchased as I could connect via bluetooth to my hearing aids) still wasn't something I could use for viewing videos. I need the closed captioning. I'm looking forward to doing more than reading and playing games with this Fire, and love that I can download a video for offline viewing later when I'm not connected to wifi. I've no opinion on the camera, which I'll probably never use (I carry a camera as well a phone in my purse, why take pictures with this?) other than that I'd like the option to order tablets without cameras, which present privacy concerns. I'm already too spoiled by this large, light Kindle Fire to return it and go back to the 7" Fires exclusively. However, I'll still take a 7" Fire for reading in a waiting room or at a fast food lunch. For those still happy with their 7" Fire, I'd recommend watching the the reviews before ordering a 10", to see if the bugs get fixed. Other than that, the size and SD card slot are enough to make an upgrade worthwhile.
R23NSN6YIJR62D	3.0	Good Entertainment Tablet for the Price - But Definitely Not an Upgrade from Previous Fire Versions	2	2	After reading all the reviews, I decided to take the advice of most and just stick with my Fire HDX 7. But, as luck would have it, three days after making this decision, I dropped it and shattered the screen. So, I had a decision to make....order another HDX 7 (which would be a used one most likely) or try the HD10. I decided to try the HD10. There are a lot of things to like about the HD10: the large screen, how light it is, the microSD card slot, the new screen format and the price tag. For these reasons, I will be keeping the HD10 as my main device and "putting up with" the few things I don't like. I have had the device for approximately 2 weeks and it hasn't frozen up once and I use it several hours every day. However, it is pretty slow to open and switch between apps and books. It can take anywhere from 5 to 20 seconds to open an app or book. While that doesn't sound like long, it "feels" like forever as I'm used to instantaneous with my Fire HDX 7. However, since I use the device mainly for entertainment, I've decided that for the price, I can live with the delays. If I were going to use my device for business, I would definitely say stick with the HDX option or buy an iPad! One of the most frustrating things is that some of my apps aren't compatible with this device, examples; The Weather Channel, NBC News, CNN - none of these apps work on the HD10. They were "go to" apps that I used every day, so you can imagine the frustration when they don't work. Again, a minor inconvenience in the grand scheme of things. But Amazon could take a lesson from Apple and get things right BEFORE the device is released. I agree with many of the other reviewers in that I have had the original Fire, the first Fire 8.9 and the Fire HDX 7 and this is the first time I felt like it wasn't an upgrade. Again, I will be keeping the device, but I am not really satisfied with it. I wish I could find someone to fix the screen on my HDX 7!
R3LY6ICBXPB9MJ	5.0	Absolutely love this new tablet!	2	2	I am so pleased with this tablet! Whenever I need to look something up, like recipes or emails, it's so handy and portable. I installed a screen saver right away for protection and choose a cover I found on Amazon for about $15 that really makes it handy, it has a hand hold strap when open. I use this tablet to send emails, I love swiping instead of typing. I just finished our banking and bill paying from my recliner. And I often look up things I'm interested in or curious about. I usually listen to an audio book when I go to bed and set the timer, this tablet has a very good sound. And I enjoy reading kindle books, I appreciate touching on a word when I'm not sure of the meaning and having the definition pop up, or when a name/character is reintroduced that I don't recall then I can touch on that name and those parts of the book pop up to remind me. Before I got this 10" tablet I did just about all the same things with my 7" HDX Kindle which worked just fine but this larger screen is so much easier to see, seems like a huge difference. And this tablet doesn't seem any heavier than my 7" HDX. I think this tablet is a perfect size, plenty big enough yet not too big or heavy. The control buttons on the side to turn it on/off and adjust the volume are kinda small and took me a little while to get acquainted with. The only picture I took with it came out kinda grainy, I haven't really given it a chance to critic, I usually use my smartphone for pictures, I did not buy this for taking pictures. There are many features I have enjoyed and I know it has a lot more that I have yet to explore. I still appreciate my smaller kindle even though I haven't used it since I got this tablet a few weeks ago... Since I have both I may leave the smaller kindle on my nightstand and this tablet in my kitchen and living area where I seem to always be looking something up, I rarely go to our computer anymore. If you're reading a kindle book and switch between kindle type devices then whichever one you go to there's a message asking if you want to go to the furthest read page, or if my husband's is reading the same book from his kindle fire then I know I don't want to go to that page. Very nice feature.
R1O9RL0HVWGR0H	4.0	I am slightly disappointed in this "upgrade"	2	2	I'll begin by saying this was given to me as a gift. As an owner of a Fire HDX, I am slightly disappointed in this "upgrade". Pros: 1. The display is fantastic. Book reading is much easier on the eyes with the larger screen. 2. The text-to-speech feature works flawlessly when connected to a bluetooth headset compared to the HDX, which constantly dropped words over the bluetooth connection. 3. The native video player handles files that my HDX wouldn't play without using a video player app. 4. Has front and back cameras. Cons: 1. When holding it with the Kindle magnetic cover folded against the back, it sometimes "backs out" of an open app by itself or opens a completely different app on its own. 2. Some apps stall when starting. Waiting a few seconds more sometimes works. Sometimes a reboot is needed. Facebook seems to be the biggest culprit so it may just be their app itself and not the Fire. 3. Battery life is much shorter than what I was experiencing with the HDX when used for video. An hour-long 720p movie on the HDX would use about 5% and it drops 8-10% on the Fire. I loaded the same videos on the HDX and the Fire. Just under 6 hours of play. At the end, the HDX was down to 58%, the Fire was down to 36%. Conclusion: I like the Fire's size and how easy it is to read books straight out of the box without having to play around with accessibility settings. The rear camera takes nice photos while the front camera has been hit or miss; depending on the lighting, many have turned out grainy. The text-to-speech feature has worked flawlessly and I have been able to continue "listening" to regular ebooks when I would have had to put the book down due to tiredness etc. For the money, it's a very nice all-around machine. Battery life could be better.
R27MRJN8GT81IZ	2.0	and so far the best was the original	3	3	It was very disappointing. I am unable to connect to any WIFI after the first day. So I am unable to download any books/apps/ex. The online help is unavailable because I cannot access the internet with the tablet. This is the third fire table I have bought, and so far the best was the original.
R11F63R37UBU2L	3.0	Needs some improvement	3	3	I love the big display..not crazy about a few things. 1. It is very slow 2. If reading a book and stop for the night, when I open it up next day it is on the home page and Ifor I've downloaded any other books I have to shift through to find the one I was reading.
R2EX075UPAK1Z2	4.0	Very usable	2	2	I received my Fire HD 10 16 GB tablet just a couple of days after it was released and have spent some time with it exploring its capabilities.and inabilities. I will admit that it is not a heavy hitter for working at home, but that is not its niche. It was developed, primarily, to be an entertainment device and to that end it works well. If you want a high-end tablet for office work, do not buy the Amazon Fire. Spend the extra $1200 to purchase a top of the line device that will handle that load. Have I used it for work? Yes I have and it worked fine. I really cannot complain. It is a good, all around the house, general purpose tablet that specializes in entertainment. There are some of the reviewers that complain about its readability as a Kindle Reader. They say that the extra wide screen makes it difficult to read. Or really...? Just enlarge the font and it is very readable. My wife and I have no problems reading books on it. That is her primary usage for the tablet. Then, if I want to watch a movie from the Amazon Instant Videos, the Fire is in its prime and it works great. Overall, it is not absolutely fantastic. However, I have never found a 10 inch tablet that was unless one wanted to pay two the five times more than I did for the Fire 10. Do I recommend the Amazon Fire 10? Yes. Just be aware what you are purchasing and the purpose of its design and use it accordingly and you should be very happy. The only reason I am not giving it five stars is because of the home screen that cannot be customized. THAT, I don't like. I am hoping for an eventual change in the user interface.
R1YT9CB9S2HCBR	5.0	I love this new kindle at first I was sceptical because ...	3	3	I love this new kindle at first I was sceptical because i read some bad reviews,but I'm glad I bought it. I recommend anyone to but it it is awesome!!! The graphics and sound are good quality. I have bought every kindle since it first came out and this one is the best!!!!!
RX2U1C4YJO32Q	5.0	overall I am well pleased	2	2	very nice solid feeling tablet, without a case it is so smooth and slick it is somewhat hard to hold onto and will slid off even slightly inclined surfaces ,I picked up a case on ebay problem solved nice bright screen and much easier to work with images and apps due to the larger screen one in particular magic jigsaw puzzles is much easier on the eyes . responsive touch controls also easier to operate (I have big fingers) ,I have had none of the problems I saw mentioned in other reviews such as trouble turning on or off ,crashing or unresponsiveness in silk I do have one app that ran on my fire hdx 3rd gen that will not even start on the new fire 10 . the new os not hugely different but as a previous fire user it takes a bit of looking ,things are not where they were .I still prefer my hdx for reading its just easier to hold ,not much lighter but the weight distribution is better for one handed long reading sessions the addition of the back facing camera is also a nice feature that works well taking very nice pictures , the hdx had good clear sound but I think the new 10 sounds better it doesn't seem to have quite as much volume however but this isn't meant to fill a room with sound and in earphones or through the car system it sounds great or just on the desk ,battery life seems as good as the fire hdx as long as it gets it's daily charge , my use which averages 2-3 hrs off and on during the day will run it down to 65% or so and it may be that it is new but it seems to charge faster overall I am well pleased
R1SPEDWNUR70CL	4.0	Good tablet for price	2	2	My uses: 1) Read books; 2) surf web: 3) read email: 4) Read WORD and PDF documents; 5) Connect to MS OneDrive. The Kindle Fire 10.1 accomplishes each of the tasks that I list with addition of a few apps: 1) Adobe Acrobat; 2) ES File Explorer; 3) OfficeSuite Pro; 4) MS OneDrive. The OS 5 has a reasonably straight forward Settings app. The screen is sharp. The OS 5 is reasonable fast. I also purchased the Sandisk 32 GB card; it installed easily. I am not sure how to get files and apps onto the SanDisk. Perhaps the problem is with ES File Explorer, but I find the OS 5 folder structure to be incomprehensible at this point. The WIFI is OK, but see below. My main use of Kindle is still to read books and that goes very well. There is a tool that makes it easier for me to navigate my book. I can download files from MS OneDrive and read/edit with OfficeSuite Pro and Adobe Acrobat. I have apps for numerical calculations and analysis with graphics capability. All this is OK. It is really remarkable to have such power available in a tablet. Tip: Put all the apps that you don't need or use much into a single folder. Keeps the screen uncluttered. I did lose WIFI connectivity. I needed to reset the Kindle to factory default settings. WIFI then came back up. I had to reconfigure all my apps. This went easily with the connectivity to the Amazon cloud. But I still had to waste and hour and a half on this restore project. I would buy this product again.
RPOS090CQ9I9I	4.0	Not perfect, but pretty darn great!	2	2	I bought this for many reasons. The first thing I did with it after playing around with everything on it was to watch a movie. I went to Amazon to get a movie and it downloaded very quickly. The display was fantastic. A nice clear, crisp, beautiful picture in my opinion. I definitely like the bigger sized screen. The sound was pretty great as well. I also liked the on-board keyboard, I'm not sure why I feel this one is better but I do. I find it easier to type on. Since this is not my first Kindle Fire the rest of my content was downloaded to this one as well. I was able to play my favorite games on it. The download on games seemed to take quite a bit longer. Not sure if that has to do with my Wi-Fi connection or what but games never took this long before. The graphics on the games was great and I had no problems in playing any of my games. The unit itself is very lightweight which is nice especially if you are reading a book on it and have to hold on to it to read the book. Like some I was a little bit disappointed that they changed the rubber back on this version. I personally liked the rubber back but Amazon must have had their reasons for changing it. I also thought the casing on the unit itself was a bit cheesy. I would be afraid to drop this unit if it wasn't in a good protective case for fear it would be easily broken. Overall I am happy with my purchase of this Kindle Fire. I like the size and there are definitely many improvements over other Kindle.
R3AGOCPYCO8GVF	1.0	Very Dissatisfied	5	6	Pros: Tablet good for reading books and watching movies. Cons: OS lags horrendously Touchscreen takes numerous attempts before recognizing touch Virtually no apps available and the apps that are available have numerous glitches and perform poorly. Very awkward to hold while reading. Cover collapsed repeatedly while viewing. Conclusion: Spend the extra money to get a quality tablet.
R2J1TDCMZIGXKM	5.0	Coming from an Apple lady, this device rocks!	3	3	WOW, the picture and sound on this is phenomenal. And that is saying alot coming from a dye hard Apple product user! I still love my Apple devices but I am happy to have this Fire. I love the dimensions and it is light too. Very impressive!
R1YZFI6ZSEEYFI	5.0	Simple to navigate, battery last for hours lot of ...	3	3	Simple to navigate, battery last for hours lot of free books and apps Wi-Fi works fast with my internet only complaint no instructions although you can download for free, would think for the price you would get instructions
R3KT504T7EVRKL	1.0	Not happy	3	3	I didn't like the fire 10 at all. It wasn't any faster than my fire hdx . The volume buttons were awkward to use . It got stuck in a strange mode that I could not get out of. Overall I was n o t satisfied with it at all.
R2MSEO0K4NRW1	3.0	Not what I thought be	3	3	I had thought it would mirror like my other kindle so I was disappointed with it not having that capability. Also, I loved the mayday for help with mybother kindle but it does not have that either. Love the bigger screen.
R12HEILMECR2RV	3.0	Nice features but runs s-l-o-w.	2	2	I own the Kindle Fire HDX 7" tablet and am extremely pleased with that. The only problem with it was the camera. It was only front facing. So when I read about the Fire HD10, I was very excited. Front and rear facing camera. Plus it will take an "sd" card. Well, it came in the mail on its release date. I had problems setting it up and unlike the HDX, there is not a "mayday" on it. No help what so ever. I used the mayday from my HDX and the people there were not familiar with the HD10. Couldn't help me at all. I did finally get it up and running and I am enjoying it, especially the two cameras. The main drawback is that it does run quite a bit slower than the HDX which is why I gave it 3 stars. I don't know why they would introduce a new kindle with two cameras and an sd slot and give it a slower processor. I was going to sell my HDX but I have decided against that since I still use it quite a bit because it is that much faster. Don't get me wrong. It is a great tablet and if I didn't already own the fire HDX, I would probably be more pleased with it. I've been spoiled by the quick speed of the HDX. All in all, it is a nice tablet and I do like it. I just have a "need for speed".
R28IULWYXJL5GT	5.0	HD 10" = <3	3	3	Love this HD 10" - very light, and a fantastic resolution for watching movies and TV shows - I've almost given up watching my regular TV! And excellent volume control also, so no earphones needed.
R2CX7X6XHHVJF1	5.0	Best. Ever	3	3	This is my seventh Kindle fire and I got to say first of all you guys did a wonderful job on this generation fixing all my problems I had on previous Kindles, anyway terrific keep up the good work.
RDCSOWD3KFYD1	4.0	Great!!	3	3	I love it except for the battery charge. It doesn't last nearly as long as other Kindle's I own. The larger screen is great!! I use it for everything and rarely use my home computer anymore.
R1EQW6BC27G279	4.0	Good, but poor tech phone service. Mayday not available.	5	6	Disappointed that MayDay is not available on this new edition. Called for phone help, and couldn't understand Nico, the tech, no manager available, no help. Had to explain what text-to-speech was. Told I would get an email and a follow up call from tech support, and got neither. Very poor service.
R2C4AL24675ZVS	4.0	Want to LOVE but instead only LIKE my newest Kindle	2	2	I want to love my newest Kindle, I've had just about all of them..... But honestly I"m more "meh, it's okay". It's sluggish switching between applications, not like okay I'm going to wait a second to switch to reading my book now but more like I can get up go to the kitchen get a drink, come back and it's still thinking about it kind of waiting. The battery life is not impressive. The biggest thing I do on my Kindles is read, I believe I'm getting about 6 hours of battery life. As for visuals, I've watched a couple of movies and have been very happy having the larger size, the graphics are good enough for me, but again battery is not impressive. Watch a movie, plug it back in. I do to like the having the addition of the memory card slot, I did purchase the keyboard cover as well, which does add weight but does make easy to use the Kindle like a traditional tablet usable for work. Conclusion, I'm keeping the newest Kindle, but I really really hope they send out some updates to fix the switching problem sooner than later.
R3K3N36GS9VAV4	5.0	Love our Kindles	2	2	My husband is so pleased. I surprised him with this purchase. He usually gets my hand me downs when I get a new Kindle. But I had just purchased a laptop when our pc was killed by lightening, plus a few other items in our home. He loves that he can listen to Classics with the Bluetooth connected headphones, so he can work on his hobbies without worrying about cords. I was able to convince him to try the camera for taking photos of his HO train layout. He was very pleased at the result. He's like a little kid with a new toy. I probably would have purchased this for myself but had already gotten the tablet laptop just before the 10.1 was released. So instead I decided to order one for my hubby. He is still discovering all the things he can do with this new Kindle. We are both readers and love being able to read books on our Kindle. I'm going to carry around his old 6" in my purse so I will always have a book in hand. Otherwise I use my 8".Amazon has come out with remarkable ideas and the Kindle is the best of them.
R1UV3MJGSENJNY	2.0	Shame on me for not doing my homework	2	2	First time in many years Amazon did not deliver the product promised but also the customer service rep could have cared less about my concerns. I would not recommend going from the HDX to this one. The screen is slightly larger than my 8.9 hdx but it is hard on my eyes. The clarity is not great. When my kindle 8.9 hdx quit working this new kindle had just come out and Amazon was really pushing it but I was told it did everything and more than the hdx. This was not true. It did not have the online assistant nor could you get Firefly which I use a lot. The console is confusing to use and the battery life is lousy. They have since made Firefly available so kudos for that. I guess it's shame on me for not doing my homework and checking it out on my own but after buying four kindles over the years and probably three more as gifts I expected my questions to be answered correctly and honestly. I had expected to purchase another one as a Christmas gift but I am so disappointed with Amazon right now that I am looking at alternatives.
R3256FTIDGDA98	4.0	I like the size and the fact that all the stuff ...	2	2	I like the size and the fact that all the stuff I had loaded on my smaller Kindle fire downloaded. I find the three controls on the bottom of the screen are to sensitive when I am playing games. If you accidently brush against them they take you out of the game. But when you aren't playing they don't seem as sensitive. My Nephew uses my kindle fire whenever he visits, the last time he was over he tried my new fire and had the same problem when playing games. He asked to use my Kindle fire. I like the fact that all my books are on both devises and if I am reading a book on one then I use the other one it takes me to the last page I was reading. I bought it because of the larger screen which is nice. It uses power faster than my other devise. Playing games when charging you still use up power. On my Kindle fire when it is charging it still charges. I do like my new fire. I can leave one in the living room and my other devise in my bedroom.
R11RGDR87J4MPZ	2.0	I really wanted to love this tablet	4	5	Unfortunately, it took less than 24 hours to determine that my Fire HD 10 tablet was more frustrating than fun. Even though it's pretty, it doesn't deliver on performance in my opinion. I will admit that I didn't test many of the functions such as the camera or listening to music, but that's because I couldn't even accomplish the basics. When trying to open apps it would just sit there with a blank screen for what felt like an unreasonable amount of time. Several times the screen froze and a message popped up stating it was unable to connect to Amazon. At one point I opened the Firefly app and it just froze the tablet then displayed a message that it couldn't connect to the network. My WiFi connection was fine, so I have no idea what network the message was referring to. As a Fire TV user and Amazon Prime member, I was excited about trying an Amazon tablet that would be compatible with my Fire TV. I really envisioned using this tablet for playing games, streaming Amazon prime videos, and surfing the net. Although I would love to have the Amazon-specific features of a Fire HD tablet, I think I'm going to try a Samsung tablet instead. I found a couple in my price range that have very high ratings. I will give a Fire HD tablet another try, but I think I'll wait until Amazon comes out with a better model. I have read great things about the Fire HDX, and I would definitely be willing to try that model now if it weren't out of my price range.
R5CSBQNJDTO4S	3.0	Not as Fancy as You Think	2	2	So this is fine if your not looking for anything fancy in a tablet like form. I almost sent it back but I think I'm going to keep it. For me I use it to read my books and if I want to watch a movie that's fine too. If I didn't have an iPad and other devices this would be returned. However, I like the sleek thin design and its light weight. Audio is loud enough and serves its purpose for what I want it for reading my books. Outside of that well I think it's overpriced slightly. Processor isn't the greatest but it is not the worst. If you are using this for anything but book reading and watching movies you might be greatly disappointed. Also, remember you have to always have a wifi or be able connect to a wifi to view your movies (only a few options allows you to fully download movies and watch later-that sucks if you are on a non wifi plane or area). Like I said its basic just looks pretty and meets basic needs.
R1G4RYQA8JCJKS	5.0	... iPad mini 2 retina with this and am very happy with it	3	3	Replaced my iPad mini 2 retina with this and am very happy with it. Nice display, light and thin, expandable memory. For the money, it's a great deal.
R2K3QWFASORUI	5.0	Don't forget to get Prime	2	2	I love my Kindle 10.1. The picture is clear and crisp. The sound is remarkable. I own several regular 7 inch kindles which I have since passed down to my daughters. My grandson has the 6 inch Kindle for Kids. I purchased it when he was 1. He is now 2 and knows how to operate it. I could not figure out how to enlarge my picture. My grandson walked over and tapped the screen. BINGO. The image got large. Kids these days. Go figure. Anyway, I would recommend this Kindle to everyone. It is awesome. You have to have Prime. It is awesome too. You can watch movies and read books and it also comes with other perks such as free shipping on other products from Amazon. Prime is the way to go. I am so glad that I have it. Without it you will pay a lot of money to view things that are covered by Prime. It is well worth the price and it lasts a full year. SO if you buy a KIndle you should get Prime.
R1OJKRFVH44G2C	5.0	My husband really loves this!! He loves that ...	3	3	My husband really loves this!! He loves that he can get movies, tv episodes and music on it. Because of this, we upgraded to the Prime Membership.
RLP5NWNVGXGT6	3.0	Not Quite Ready For Primetime	2	2	I am the happy owner of a FireHD 7 and FireHD 8.9, so it has been very disappointing for me to confront the numerous shortcomings of the new FireHD 10. I have had to conclude that the operating system is "not quite ready for primetime" as the result of frequent screen freezes and an often unresponsive touch screen. Much to Amazon's credit, they have issued multiple system updates during the month I have owned it; but while the problems seem to be gradually subsiding, they are far from solved. Unless I shut down the device completely, the battery really drains fast between uses. And whatever happened to the carousel? Please bring it back! Still a work in progress compared to all earlier Kindle devices, and the first time a product from Amazon has been a major disappointment.
RSZBI6SKWVEP	1.0	Problems with this model	5	6	Had this model less than two weeks before the on/ off switch broke! This is the second kindle I've had the same problem with. Make sure you sure you buy the warranty. Also did not like the bigger size.
R2KGONKJURGLQ2	5.0	Wonderful new tablet!	2	2	It is nice to be given the opportunity to review my new Kindle Fire 10! First, I love the layout of the screens. The individual apps, and programs listed above, are helpful and convenient. The visuals are excellent and the sound is superb. Reading my books now gives me many options and makes it easier on the eyes. Streaming is fast and there are so many video and music options that I am in awe. And the free apps!!! I am glad that I got the 32 gb model. Being a prime member for eight years always paid off but now it is better than ever. Honestly, I wish there were more hours in the day! This is my sixth Kindle and my favorite. I also have an iPad 2 which I continue to use since Kindle still does not support my email. I have more than enough to do on my Kindle!!! Thank you Amazon!
R3L2305E4JCEX0	5.0	It's well worth the money.	3	3	I love the bigger size. I really like all the free apps. I did buy a longer cord,because I use it so long I run the battery dead.
R142GVIJ6IC0M1	5.0	My 5th Kindle, and still happy...	2	2	This is my 5th Kindle product, 2 black and white readers (still use those at beach) first generation Fire, 9" Fire HDX, and now this...The price is awesome and the performance is as expected. Wish it was more like a regular android product because I use a Samsung phone all day, wish they were more alike...BUT, I'm all in with Amazon in all forms of media (books, music, video) so this is more my entertainment device, and not my work device, so they stand alone that way. Actually makes a good seperation of work and pleasure! Pros: Price point is awesome Addition of external memory card is a big plus Fine tuned and excellent machine Con Wish is was more "Android like" but they did move more in that direction
R37E5HA776HZYE	5.0	This Apple Device Lover has Converted to Fire Fan!	6	8	I have been an Apple device user since the first iPod! I cannot count the numerous Apple devices I have had and still have! I am on my third iPad and iPhone and have finally gotten completely fed up with the hassles of weekly software updates that when attempting to download they look up the device to the eternal blinking Apple! Then to have to plug the device into the CPU to reboot it and I have been on numerous calls with Apple support to the point of having senior management on first name basis with me! Yet with all this their FIX for my 'corrupted' device was to scrub it clean as a full reset and thus I lost ALL DATA & PHOTOS that were on the device! I am so fed up with the Apple hanging over my head that I decided to go Amazon after reviewing all the Tablets on the market! I have to tell ALL I adore my Fire 10! My iPad was a gen 4 128gig & my Fire is a 32 gig with a 128 gig SD card. This Fire table is so streamline and beautifully set up. It was easy to set up too! I was sick in bed with the Flu when I set it up! The Bluetooth even noticed my printer! Things that my iPad never did! Besides the fact the Fire was 2\3 the price! I found every single App I used on my iPad for my Fire, less my musician Apps.. Plus when it came to downloading all my audio books on the tablet they all downloaded fast! The only complaint, which is minimal, is it SEEMS to load FaceBook & other sites slower only because it loads the complete site all at once rather than bits at a time as Apple or a CPU will. So you will see a blank momentarily as the entire site loads. Even that, in th e long run is nicer! I am sold on my Fire and with the Holidays coming I hope you all consider Fire Tablets over any other Tablets!
R1YW0HRACZ966B	5.0	A great asset for busy life!	2	2	SO far, I really enjoy my Fire. The large screen is great for web surfing as well as reading. I primarily use mine for reading The options for lighting and background are very helpful. With regard to being on the internet I have been able to move about easily. Another benefit of the larger screen is that ability to type and also see what is on the screen. I have tethered the Fire through my phone smoothly and it jumps from wireless router to wireless router well. The pictures are incredible... though the large size makes it very awkward to take photos with (in my opinion). The sound is great as well. Videos have run flawlessly and the ability to move from book, to web, to document, or on occasion a game is very user friendly.
R52S6ZY1HHQKC	4.0	Review: Mid-Tier 10” Kindle Fire has its strengths and weaknesses	4	5	The latest 10" Kindle Fire has its strengths and weaknesses. In this review, I'll discuss all aspects of the device, including things that I found to be a step back from upper models, such as the HDX Kindle line. PROS: - It's wonderfully thin! It measures a slender .3" - 10" is an excellent screen size, offering a nice movie-watching experience. - The price is very good. - MicroSD slot allows memory to be expanded. - Fire OS 5 has more of an Android feel. CONS: - Screen resolution is 720p. - Performance is sluggish at times. - Rear camera is only 5MP. Images aren't very sharp, especially when zoomed. - Stretched-out length takes a little getting used to. My initial impression is mixed. I love the slimline form factor (all of .3”). It’s light, shiny, and slick. While it performs much like a new hybrid between my old Kindle, the Kindle Fire TV, and an Android device, its form factor reminds me of my gangly teenage nephew; it’s slightly awkward, skinny, and stretched out. Amazon’s ... Read more
R3FMSWVY6QPRH5	2.0	I am a 75-year-old Senior Citizen who technology passed by ...	2	2	I am a 75-year-old Senior Citizen who technology passed by many years ago. I have a lap top computer and I thought that gettinga tablet might be easier. It's NOT!! There is no instruction book for me to read. The tutorials that I can find on Google, Amazon and other places don't speak in a language I can understand. I am not very savvy when it comes to computer dialogue. It took me almost ten years to understand whar cut and paste was. I don't expect my Fire HD 10 to change my world, all I really want is to get Netflix, My Dish, My Vudu and some Spider solitaire games. If there is help oput there I would appreciate it. I am lost and just today figured out how to turn the volume up and down.
RTH9VPWVRVD1X	4.0	I would say that so far I really like this device	2	2	I would say that so far I really like this device. Some of the negative reviews claimed this device was slow and locks up. The only slowness I experience is when I have a lot of stuff open but I just hit the button that shows running programs and close the unnecessary stuff. Programs I run on it are Autodesk sketch pro, Hearthstone, the built-in Document editor, Silk web browsing and Various news apps. I like it a lot so far. It is not the most powerful tablet I have used in terms of speed but for the price I really like it and the 10 inch size is nice. It runs Hearthstone just fine, a little lag when searching for a game but in game is good. I would buy another one if I needed it.
RYUPGU6FMXC2F	4.0	The product is nice and sturdy overall	2	2	The product is nice and sturdy overall. The battery life I have found, even with the wireless turned off and just reading can be substandard compared to other products and versions (coming from a fire 8.9 HDX). There is also a slight lag in loading applications. This inst always noticeable but just enough that I am aware of it. Probably will be correct in a later OS release. Aside from those detractions it is a very nice product that really shows off its value in watching digital content. The sound is much fuller and the video much richer then previous tablets I have used. The larger screen actually makes reading easier now as it feels like I am holding a hardcover book.
R3VOHWK00EICB6	5.0	A winner with a new personality!	4	5	A winner in the newest of the Kindle series. This new larger Kindle has differently located controls and is slim and appears to be built very solidly. I ordered the leather cover and although it is simple and not an Otter box I still think it protects the screen at least and is slim itself. I ordered the 32 GB option and also a SanDisk 64 GB SD card. The Kindle turned on right away and had about 40% charge which was more than enough to load the updates and a few other options from Amazon and was ready for use right away. I like the windows like operating system as opposed to the carousel menu system of the older generation. I have several Kindles and I think this is the best to date. Amazon is selling their own endorsed SanDisk SD card but they didn't have them in stock so I ordered a new Sandisk ultra in 64 GB and it booted and worked great with no problems. I already have a Kindle keyboard so I am anxious to start using it with this Kindle. I have not used it for sending movies to a larger screen yet but I hope that too works well.
R3JI1M84M5SW	2.0	SO DISAPPOINTED!	2	2	Like other reviews I've read, I really tried to love this Kindle. But, to put it bluntly, it felt cheap. It was slow, cumbersome, and just felt awkward. My apps loaded slowly, and would drop out suddenly. Hated the home screen, the recently viewed content wasn't smooth, it was just awkward, not worthy to be called a Kindle Fire. I'm just glad I finally read some reviews. After I read lots of others were having the same problem, I knew it wasn't just my device. This was my 3rd Kindle Fire, and each one I've loved better than the one before. I had no reason to believe this one would be any different. Hopefully, Amazon will take these reviews seriously, and work on the Fire 10.
RI1Z5ZIYWQ1SX	1.0	One Star	3	3	I am having difficulties with the Fire HD and have difficulty getting assistance from Amazon. Maria Borrero
R3CU336ADVBE9L	1.0	I thought I was the only one	9	12	I thought I was the only one who was having problems with this tablet, until I started reading all the reviews, and they are having the same problems I am having so needless to say I am very disappointed in this tablet, I really was expecting a outstanding device, I am a loyal kindle patron, but I do regret this purchase as there is nothing special about it. I will stick with my kindle 8.9.
R328C7E27DZY8I	5.0	A winner	2	2	1. great screen 2. controls easy to find and use 3. charges fast 4. drains battery even faster...especially if you are downloading your library or watching amazon prime. 5. can be clunky.....meaning that it will get caught up in a memory loop for a few seconds. 6. with good wifi you can stream anything and it is smooth....you might though have to wait a few seconds for it to start So overall I love this thing. As far as I am concerned it is a low priced amazon consumption device and not a surface pro 4. The extra real estate on the screen is great for reading books and magazines. The UI on the Amazon devices is very friendly.
R1AVT2DPH8WR51	3.0	Not as good.	2	2	I had an old Kindle I loved. It finally died so I was on the hunt for a new tab. Was talked into a Sansung, the salesman said it would do everything my Kindle did. I was disappointed when I couldn't buy and play Scrabble on it so my husband took it. I was very excited when this new Kindle came out. I waited impatiently for the mailman to deliver and tore open the package thinking finally I can play Scrabble on a bigger screen and without thr ads. Wrnt to the ap store and found the game,only to be told it was incompatible with my device! VERY VERY DISAPPOINTING!!!! I do enjoy the slimness and the bigger screen, but honestly if you're not a prime member any tab will do.
R1IPZT9JJER9MO	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	Excellent purchase. Upgrade from a 7in fire. Loving it! Still learning, have had in my passion only 4 days
R36KTLLR2ZRQGY	5.0	Great upgrade over fire 8.9 HD	2	2	I was worried over the slow processor and the screen resolution. I've been very pleasantly surprised with the tablet. The processor makes it lag a little bit when opening games or shopping the stores. A little annoying compared to the smaller HDX I have, but far far better over my old fire 8.9 from three years ago. As for the screen, I only notice it when reading really small print on kindle books or when browsing the web. But if I make the font a bit larger it's not so problem. I love the larger screen and the lighter thinner tablet. Very happy with deciding to upgrade over my three year old 8.9HD fire.
R21DBHNFU1HOU9	3.0	I love how the tablet is set up to show my ...	2	2	I do think this tablet is more than just o'kay, despite the three stars. I love how the tablet is set up to show my purchases and recommendations on the same screen. I also love the size of the screen. I do not however love the battery life, hence the three stars. While downloading a video from Amazon Prime, the battery went to zero percent, even though the tablet was plugged in and charging at the time. This happened several times. This has never happened on my HDX 8.9. It may be just a glitch with this particular tablet. I returned it for a refund but I just might try buying another one just because I like it so much.
R3GYPP2LCVKAKZ	5.0	Liking the HD Fire	3	3	Purchased as a gift for my daughter. She loves it. I had to set it up for her and it is easy to use.
R2HHXBHTUKCVY4	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	I love my Fire HD 10!! Much faster than my Galaxy tablet. Great picture for Netflix and Amazon Prime
R2HZGQXZJ3SX43	4.0	Great Price ,Great battery life Great micro SD slot only fair display	2	2	Generally i like the HD 10 unfortunately I am not impressed with the display, I was replacing an 8.9 HDX which just died all of a sudden after 1.5 years The HD 10 does not have the resolution of the HDX (which I knew ) but lacks in color saturation and brightness as well when running video .I am looking forward to installing the 64 GB micro SD which I am still waiting for over a month . Overall I am getting used to the display. otherwise I like it very much .I must admit its hard to beat the price at half that of the HDX and the ability to have 128 GB micro SD makes it a winner .
RD7SRPYRSE8KQ	2.0	Great concept - far to go to be an iPad competitor	2	2	The functionality of the Os is great. Though slow, it is conveniently set up to navigate everything you could want to use specific to Amazon accounts and services. The tablet feels a bit cheap and the screen seems to actually pop off the backing but not noticeably. The battery life is abysmal. I am requesting an exchange to make sure I did not get a dud. Will keep for the sole benefit of Prime and Kindle use as well as look forward to when they have a fuctional case for the tablet. So far the two high end ones recommended were pitifully made and actually covering the volume and power buttons.
R13K9RAVCZ61D1	1.0	Save your money	2	2	If I could give this product zero stars I would. Just received it today and the resolution on it is not what I thought it would be. The battery life is horrible, and it's not as easy to navigate as the older generations. I would actually prefer and older generation but they cost more money. There are no apps running the background and the battery life keeps decreasing. The only thing I liked about it was the reading quality. Yes, the kindle books were good to read on the size of the tablet, but since it is a tablet I need more than just that. It's just not user friendly. Sorely disappointed.
R1P8XOI712QFVQ	4.0	new fire	3	3	i like it but sometimes it will not move when you touch the screen and it goes back to home page.
R20D3UC433MOU8	3.0	Disappointing display.	2	2	I will have last years 8.9 HDX and the display is considerably better than the new one. I understand Amazon had the original HDX priced out of league with other tablets but believe there should still be a better comparison of the "new" HD and the HDX. I would have payed the extra for the better display. Once I realized I was seeing the individual pixels, they bother me. I purchased the new one for my daughter and she's fine with it but but something happened to my HDX I would not replace it with the current "new" model because of the inferior screen.
R1L2RFT76GWTIZ	5.0	A product you could give your grandmother	2	2	I purchased this as a gift for my wife who is not a high-tech person. She wanted something to listen to music at work because there is little to no radio reception in her building. She was able to learn to use the Fire the first evening enough to download music and listen to it at work. It is simple to use and easy for her to perform most functions and when she messes up she is able to un-do what she has done wrong. The picture quality is clear and with a glare-reducer the screen is protected. I would recommend this to anyone even if I didn't like them.
R2M7CIQ0SZKDJJ	3.0	Not that great	2	2	I wished I could've liked the tablet more but I didn't. It was a bit oversized and slippery 2 hold so u definitely need a case. After using it moderately four 2 weeks it started acting up. It would not shut off. Every button that was pushed was voiced out loud without me activating any voice commands and I couldn't figure out how to deactivate it. It was a bit slower than the average tablet as far as turning it on and browsing the Web. The price was decent and the picture quality is good but those qualities are not good enough 2 invest in this tablet.
R35SYZYHDI6SFN	4.0	Great Tablet for a Great Price.	2	2	The Fire HD10 is everything as advertised. The HD image is vary sharp and clear. The use of various apps is responsive and quick, the virtual keyboard easy to use. Having purchased the 32 gig memory with an additional 32 gig chip there is ample memory for all of my needs. Set up and use was straight forward since the 10 inch is so similar to my original Fire. Only downside is the Silk browser. This browser is slower then other tablets such as iPad but the cost savings amply makes up for the few seconds longer response time.
R3N5995G2YC759	2.0	slow :o(	2	2	I have owned a lot of kindle products. This one is the first I have not liked. I think they have maybe skimped on the processor because it takes forever to open apps, load internet pages and download. I feel like I stepped back to DSL, I half expect to hear a dial tone. My husband has an iPad air and it is much more user friendly. Save your money and purchase the older versions of the kindle. Also the battery life is worse than my old kindle, my kid always kills it before I get a chance to use it. The old one I did not have to charge every day.
R38ZC884UJP7BF	3.0	Expected more and better than my 7" Kindle Fire but found the 10" ...	2	2	Expected more and better than my 7" Kindle Fire but found the 10" lacking in battery charge longevity, sharpness of picture, ease of use, sluggishness of program/app loading and navigating through Prime videos and books. No user-friendly explanations given under Help that are useful - like steps to take to help conserve battery, how to use the on/off buttons settings (how do you tell if you've turned something on or off) . A nice tablet but not great. My 7" Kindle is much nicer and easier to use, albeit a lot smaller.
R1VVIWSBIOI335	2.0	Maybe on It's Way Back to Amazon	4	5	I also own the HDX 8.9 and was excited for an upgrade. I'm having lots of trouble with frozen apps and apps shutting down. This is happening with almost every app I use on a daily basis like Facebook and Silk. I'm not doing anything fancy. The tablet doesn't seem to know when the keyboard is needed and often has trouble accessing dropdown menus from websites. I was excited about being able to read my magazines on a larger screen but they are no bigger. There is just blank space at the bottom when they load. Some of my games aren't compatible with this model, especially those with an HD version. It seems to require constant charging. I'm on the fence about whether to return this and wait for a redesign addressing major flaws. The more I use it the more I want to return it.
R3NQA0EJ4MCZ4F	5.0	Great quality,great product,more than fair price.	2	2	This is the best tablet I have owned yet!!. Very fast simple set up.It was up and running in about 10 minutes. Wonderful case light and easy to use. I like the tablet format better than my kindle.I am impressed with the ability to expand memory. The display is crisp and clear and videos are really something else. This is hard to put down. One other thing, the price is what really got me. So much quality for the money. I am always on the lookout for your new products. Thanks Amazon,you hit a homer with this one.
R2PXLJL1ONT9XW	3.0	Not as good as my old 7" Fire tablet	5	6	Not as good as my old 7" Fire tablet. Slow and clunky - 8 hour battery life is a stretch, too. Mediocre at best.
R4IWIYIUX36AW	3.0	A little disappointing	2	2	Other than the added storage space and ability to use an SD card, I actually like my older Fire HD 8 better. They took away the Mayday button, I don't connect to sites as quickly or sometimes at all, and it seems slower. I needed the larger screen, and I do like that. I'm sure I'll get use to it, and I do have my old Fire for back up, although I had planned to give it as a gift to my aunt. This is my 4th Fire and each one has been better than the previous, until now. Kind of dissapointing.
R29VYIRE9MBCS3	1.0	Not nearly as good as I expected from this Fire HD 10!!	4	5	I'm not very happy with it at all. After about a month of using it, it has slowed down considerably, compared to how it was when I received it. It's like it has a mind of it's own at times. I will be reading something on the screen when it suddenly returns to the home screen. When I try deleating posts from my Facebook's home page, I can only deleat anywhere from one to half dozen at a time, then none will deleat after that. As the day goes on, I can only deleat one or two before I can not deleat one again. I have to wait a considerable amount of time in between attempts. I'm concerned that I will have additional problems as I try new things with this tablet. I am very frustrated with this.
R3BYC4OL43QI8A	5.0	Best Fire to Date	2	2	This was a gift from a friend and I just love the size of this Fire HD 10 , it is light as a feather and has lot's of memory . The picture is bright and clear. Easy to work all of the app. I read a lot will it, it's so light that I can hold it for hours and don't get hand cramp. To watch a movie is out of the world, sound it great and picture is light you are looking at a TV. I love my Fire HD 10. I had the first Fire that cam out and this one is 100 % better then the first one.
R3UCVP2CLJK0AZ	5.0	Response time is great. Toggling between apps is flawless	2	2	I think the performance issues the other reviewers were having was totally addressed with the software update. I've had no issues with delays or timeouts. Response time is great. Toggling between apps is flawless. I agree that my iPad had a bit of a nicer display, but this still looks nice in hd and I have no complaints, especially given the benefits such as underground, and prime video download etc. I got a 128 gig card and am extremely satisfied. Perfect for movies and reading.
R3QHHU5RMVA9YB	5.0	Magazine trreasure found.	2	2	Its a good tablet for the money. Its not an ipad but its not meant to be. I got it and it was already keyed to a kindle fire account that i had 3 years ago. With the original fire tablet that is lost and long forgoten. But when i dug around in the new fires library i found a very nice suprize. All my magizinez that i had in 2012 were still there just waiting for me to downlaod them. Thanks amazon 9 months of magazines that i had 3 years ago. Forgoten treasure how cool is that
R1XZIZYI1AF821	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	Love it! Only issue is that I can't get a lot of the apps that I am use to.
R2B5VA4UELDPUC	5.0	I am happy. Loving this tablet	2	2	I am happy. Loving this tablet. I owned an I pad 2 that broke on me a little to easly and wanted another big screen. This thing is worth every cent in my opinion. The screen resolution appears to be better than my fire hd7 which I also own. Yes maybe it does not have the highest resolution in the industry but after spending an hour looking at games and the internet it meets and exceeds my expectations. Typing this review on my Fire 10.1. Thank you Amazon.
RYUNJL583GMDO	5.0	Best Yey!	2	2	Easy to use and set up - particularly if you are familiar with Android based phones. Great multiple e-mail availablity with lots of features, excellent web browser and search engine availability, lots of Apps, mostly free, great sound and resolution, slot of 32GB inexpensive chip for extra memory and the price isn't matched anywhere. This is my 4th Kindle (3rd Fire 2nd HD). I began with with the first book reader. All still in fine working condition.
RQPX40SFCU4S8	5.0	Bittersweet review	2	2	I loved it for a week, until it got knocked off the table (in the $99 keyboard / case) and popped out of the case and shattered. The tablet itself was awesome, the case not so much. Very sad and disappointed at this point. I can't seem to get any satisfaction for repair / replacement from Amazon. Please buy the extended warranty, unlike me, there is no other recourse for damage. I must buy a completely new Fire HD 10, as it will not be repaired.
RI0FHECWSMBN7	1.0	good hardware, terrible software	4	5	After lots of research I decided to order this tablet. I've had the first gen fire. IPad mini and nexus 9. After receiving the tablet I figure the display is better than expected however the software is very buggy. The OS stalls while downloading movies. After some second d update( after 2 days of ownership) movie downloads still stall and freeze consistently. Until the bugs are worked out DO NOT buy. After the software is fixed it would be a great buy. As of now I'm still waiting on a call back from support and hoping for a refund as I bought this mostly as a movie player and as of now, after 3 days I can't even Download one movie. Update. After a month and a half in figure update would fix the content issues. No. Ie called customer support and they suggest a factory res each time. Given that it won't download, having to download everything is not ideal. Please just buy a cheap Android tablet instead and use the amazon apps instead. It want a refund but at this point it is like pulling teeth from their support
R3HOBJ3WWV0Y4P	2.0	This "new" tablet is a flop.	4	5	I will start by saying this device is attractive. With its massive screen and price point, seems like the best tablet for the money. However with the use of old processing tech and other aspects used in older Amazon tablets this device simply doesn't perform well. It's very slow, sluggish and many apps including the silk browser crash often. The device also powers off randomly. Even with troubleshooting I cannot resolve these issues. I like the idea Amazon has with this tablet, it feels nice in the hands and looks nice but for the moment it is a flop. Hopefully software updates can improve the performance.
R2OWRJOMC3T7Z2	5.0	Amazon's wet dream.	4	5	I just received my tablet am I must say that I'm impressed. It's not the tablet that will make the world stop. It's the tablet that will make your world stop at everything Amazon. Whether it was Amazon's plan to make their tablets exclusive to Amazon products, who knows but it seems that it's going that way. As far as I'm concerned with prime, it's perfect and that's all that Amazon wants, is a tablet that will allow customers to reach everything that's Amazon. Don't believe they advertised it as a gamers wonder tablet. It's AMAZON, enjoy it and take advantage of prime and everything that comes with it.
R21MR32FX8UQCM	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	This product is great. It is easy to use, very readable with light.
R259K897XRCM35	4.0	Buy a cover what ever you do!	4	5	I like this Kindle but I do have some complaint's. The worst is the fact that I can't get into a puzzle or paint etc without being interrupted and losing what I'm doing. I can't get through anything with out losing what I'm doing several times. They're always trying to sell you more of something with no consideration for what you may be doing. My other Kindle didn't do that. It makes me so mad I just don't want to use it. The other thing is don't use without a cover, if you are trying to use it and you are holding it what you're doing changes. Trying to get back to what you're is a pain.
R329OGUUXGG7LY	5.0	The now and the future way to shop!!!!	2	2	It works just as well for me as my Ipad and for 1/2 of the price,haven't got to add all my app needs yet but what I have shows me it was well worth the price!!!!5 stars all the way......Amazon wins me over more every day,I think back to when I was a kid and we got a huge catalog from you know who and you thought nothing could ever top that way of buying everything you need...and then you grow up in a Amazon world!!!!!
R1745KCZJFS8KJ	1.0	Poor Support for this item	6	8	The tablet worked for two days and the web browsing function quit. I had to constantly reboot only to have it stop. I contacted the HELP function and followed the corrective action required and the fix did not work. I have two problems: 1. The help selection was not helpful, because it did not address my problem. It was too general 2. The refund process is not fair. If I could I would withhold the amount charge for restocking until I was completely satisfied with the product. If I was not I would be the one to decide if I want to incur the restocking fee or whatever the term is. The disclaimer/notification of a restocking charge is not in the best interest of Amazon and the customer. It implies the customer assumes the responsibly of a defective product.
R2VJ4XRSXIZ6F3	2.0	Disappointed	2	2	Disappointed that all of my new books are not shown on a carisel as the are on my old kindel. I have to hunt through my whole library to find them . 2 it does not always change the page when touched in the right corner sometimes it takes 3 or 4 tries. 3 the dictionary is unstable, when you touch a word it jitters causing the word not to come up. Not as good as I was hoping it would be
R28KJRHJF69FZH	1.0	Very Disappointed with this device	2	2	Horrible ,very disappointed with this device,super slow,battery life is disappointing, slow to respond and super slow between apps or different screens,have a older kindle fire,it's twice the device this one is. Wish I would have bought an I pad Loved my older Kinde Fire, thought this would be a major upgrade. Also slow to download books, and constantly locks up.
RRY95SDQZDEYG	4.0	The Big Media Reviewers Are Just Being Snobs	2	2	Straight up, what you are buying is a solid/durable tablet that is slightly better than the ipad 2 for 220$. The professional mainstream media reviewers penalize amazon for not living up to their unrealistic expectations. Amazon's new tablet strategy is quite brilliant. It shows we are not that far away from a world where re-buying a good solid tablet is not a big expense.
RYL6QQAK84WDZ	4.0	Kindle fire HD 10 tablet	2	2	I bought this tablet to just have a bigger tablet. Own the 8.9HDX, and 7 hd . I got for my husband. I Love my HDX, and my husband really likes his 7HD.. This HD 10 just doesn't seem to be as fast as my other tablets , I have to keep hitting the screen to get some thing to come up.. Love Amazon and seem to buyout all of the product they come up with. Love the Echo also.
R80YNWRQ6WZZB	5.0	Good Value for what i need in a tablet	4	5	I chose this tablet over the IPAD for a few reasons: 1. Price 2. Does what i need it to do as i have a Mac Book Pro 3. Wanted to be able to have a reader 4. Expandable memory 5. Will take pictures with my iPhone if i need to. Sure it may be a little slow bringing up Facebook but who cares. If you want power, get an IPAD. If you want a good tablet that is priced well and just need a reader, Facebook viewer, and surf the internet, buy this one. Thanks for your time.
R3DKBOA13KLXU1	5.0	Happy with my new Amazon HD 10!	2	2	I had an iPad that I was never very happy with. Paid over $ 700.00 for it. The apps for it were very juvenile and clunky. It became obsolete - few apps were updated with each new OS update. Finally got sick of it and when Amazon came out with a 10 in plus model a a much lower price I went for it. I now have a tablet that has tons of fun and useful apps. Very happy!!!
RDK0FWAAOL4ZK	5.0	Wonderful tablet. Get a memory card!	4	5	Just received this as a present from my wife. A lot of people seem to be complaining about the memory size being too small. Well, that's why it comes with an expandable memory slot! I put a 64 GB memory card in it, and it provides more enough space for dozens of TV show episodes and movies. I just downloaded over 50 episodes of shows on there, and there's still plenty of memory left on it. Love the tablet so far. Great screen, great design, and super light weight for its size and seems to be pretty durable.
RFX8UEQ5J9SNX	5.0	I love it and I am not disappointed in having another ...	2	2	I love it and I am not disappointed in having another Kindle.. Reminder do not take your Kindle apart unless you are an expert at these things. That is why I had to buy a new one. But this screen is bigger, the resolution is great. I personally do not understand why anyone would buy anything else This is my third Kindle and I am well satisfied with the product.
R1LIHAM79R8915	5.0	Fire is On With Kindle Fire HD 10.1 Tablet	2	2	This my third Kindle Tablet. I had 7' early first tablet, 8.9 HDX which I still have to this day and is great, but if your looking for up grade, go to Kindle HD10.1 tablet which is great and work so good. Great sound, easy to use and much thinner tablet. Worth money in my book and worth price also, great working tablet in all the good ways.
R2U7FK7XJTPYT2	4.0	Going Forward	2	2	As it was a gift from my wife, I hated giving up my kindle HD then just as I had become used to all its functions, but I also have my original kindle which still works great. I will learn the new fire HD as I use it. This now is my third generation kindle. Color is nice style is also. Very light weight. Overall a very good product.
R1X3GMP6ZT7IYL	5.0	Fired HD10	2	2	Fire HD 10, I love this product and the Kindle brand. This is my 4th Kindle so, that already says a lot. I love the advanced features of the Fire HD and the clear large pictures. It is so lightweight compared to its size and easy to use. I got a nice cover to put on in the sexy leopard print. The photos are clear and concise.
R1EXBYV2JF43TR	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	I am very happy with it. It helps organize my life
R2DVV78YYWEZKI	5.0	Fire 10.1 Review	2	2	I really like my new Kindle Fire 10.1. It is much easier for me to see the smaller items in the hidden object games I play. I'm really excited that Kindle has finally added an SD slot to their new Fire. I like the fact that I can download my games or photos and play/share on my phone , computer or wherever I choose.
R2HMQ51I3G1WNW	4.0	but also not perfect, it slips between the stand up stops too ...	2	2	It's bigger than my 8.9 but sometimes it can be cumbersom. the keyboard accessory is o.k. but also not perfect, it slips between the stand up stops too easily and i like a rubber coating if only to be able to grip it better. It seems more fragile than my 8.9. I might just get a smaller one just for convience.
R3KJ41NM05O75C	5.0	So far I really like it. No issues at all and nice to ...	2	2	Have had this a few days. So far I really like it. No issues at all and nice to have an all in one setup. I have 2 kindles one original and a paperwhite. I'm going to give the original to a friend and keep the paperwhite and this fire. Might order a 7 or 8" one for traveling at some point.
R1QI81TMY7W6JN	2.0	frozen unable to use it at all after just 3 days	2	2	I have had this for 3 days and all was really good till today, now nothing works, screen is frozen and if I do get the screen to do something it brings up the wrong content , if this problem is resolved I will write another review detailing the things I really did like , but at this time nothing works
R245GZRMHUE0WL	5.0	Works great! I can check my email effortlessly	2	2	Works great! I can check my email effortlessly, use the phone app and my spinning and weaving books look great. The color photos really show up nicely which is a big plus compared to the Kindle paperwhite. Awesome. I have never used a tablet or ipad before so this is great and I am learning.
R122N1BUBH0K0D	5.0	Lovely large screen	2	2	This is my family's 10th kindle. Once again I am very pleased. If you want a small kindle this is not for you, but if you want a large screen you will love it. It's large but quite light. The only criticism I have is I like the 8.9's top pull down menu better it was easier to navigate.
R1VEGU000U89IJ	3.0	Should have waited for faster version of 10.1..this new one is a little buggy	4	5	Jumped on this the first day I saw the ads. I am a little disappointed. Prior to purchasing the 10.1 I have owed 2 other fire versions and have been very happy. The 8.9hd that I purchased last year is much faster than the new 10.1. The 10.1 seems to stall for seconds when accessing an app. I am sure that Amazon will come up with a faster one as xmas nears..wish I had waited.
R2VVQALXBP66BR	3.0	Not quite there	1	1	I've owned many Fire devices all the way back to the first one. I was using a 7" HDX and I love it. I mainly use it for book reading, magazines, comic books and watching TV shows. I thought that the 10" Fire would be a nice upgrade, especially for TV, mags and comics. More and More ebooks are coming out with pictures and graphics too. So here is what I've found: Size: I love the size! Plenty of real estate. I can see how some have issues with it being too big, but I find it to be perfect. Nice and thin and I find it to be well built and solid. Screen: I've found the screen to be a major disappointment. It's not as responsive to touch as I'd like. Also, the resolution is just not as nice as the HDX. Small lettering in comics and books show the limitations clearly. I wish I had paid attention to that before I bought it. If they had this in HDX it would be awesome. Processor: This is another area that isn't very good. There is noticeable lag when launching apps and surfing the web. For example, when I launch the Comixology app it every time it opens it tells me I don't have any books...then after it catches up with itself I switch screens to refresh the screen and my library shows up. WiFi: It does seem slow to me. I have top of the line cable internet with a new broadband wifi router and it lags pretty good. Storage: It's great being able to expand the storage with a memory card. Love this feature. With streaming we don't need as much as we used to so we can tailor it to just what we need. Conclusion: I'm still using my 7" HDX. The 10" just isn't an upgrade. If I didn't have other Fire's the 10" would be a passable tablet. Which is sad because I'd love a 10" HDX Fire tablet.
R3NMO1WEDC0AUS	5.0	It's Great	2	2	I absolutely love my fire 10. It's so much easier to work with than my 6" one as Ive gotten older. the reading is easier and with the card games I play the cards are bigger. I would recommand it to anyone but especially if your older and spend alot of time on one.
R2TC8CN1F5V5Q9	1.0	I did not like the item at all	2	2	I did not like the item at all. It did not have a help or mayday button where you could speak to a live person.the letters in the books were very small even though I asked for large letters. I returned the kindle. If they improve on it, I would consider buying it.
RQB3KX6RJWAJE	1.0	Disappointed Customer	8	11	This product let me down ...if you own the 8.9 fire....keep it.....certainly a disappointment ...thinking I would be able to put my same apps on...but noooooo....I will stick with the kindle fire.....I am sending mine back....it wasn't worth the money and I don't generally complain about Amazon but I am not impressed....the sound fades in and out....the buttons for the sound are in a bad location....and I can't believe I rushed the delivery for this product......Amazon you need to start listening to your reviews....and also where is the mayday button.....for the money ...it should've been there and not a upgrade....
R7XM661JE6GY1	1.0	Sound problems right out of the box	4	5	Just received it today and already having sound problems. During videos, sound just goes away at random times and only comes back by rewinding the video. So disappointed. Waiting for response from Amazon customer service about getting a replacement. This is a birthday gift for my son for tomorrow, and now he won't even have it on his birthday.
R10Q0FH3GR9JF6	4.0	my only disappointment is that the system still does not allow me ...	2	2	my only disappointment is that the system still does not allow me to manage or organize my collections the way I want them. Kindle still controls that aspect which makes it hard to keep track of of books songs etc when you have large collections like I do.
R30K8PT545Y8M8	4.0	The Fire HD 10" Tablet is a good buy. The only negative comment I have is ...	2	2	The Fire HD 10" Tablet is a good buy. The only negative comment I have is that it is so long and narrow as opposed to iPad and other Android tablets. I would have preferred a more square shape. Tablet works similarly to the smaller Kindle Fire HD. B
R3K0OBNJR2MYAP	5.0	Great Tablet!	2	2	I love my new Fire HD Tablet! The display is bright and wonderful. It is very responsive, easy to navigate and I love the fact it is so thin and light. I am still learning about it and how to use it. This was one of my best birthday presents every!!
R2U1JWEH9K8R5A	2.0	Keep using your HDX	8	11	Terrible screen and slow processor cannot make up for its cheap price. It takes forever to do simple things. I hate the Android-esque UI and wish Amazon reverted back to the previous UI. One of the worse parts of this new UI is that it uses the awkward quick switch of applications. In previous versions of Fire OS, one could swipe from the bottom of the screen up to get a quick menu of recently open items. Now one is simply stuck using the Square button to bring up window management and switching that way. If ya already have an HDX, keep using it. You get what ya pay for here.
RNVKHUO4RXCLJ	5.0	Fire HD10	2	2	It's fast, fun and fantastic. Bought Fire HD as an extra tablet as my grandson has taken over my Samsung 10.1. A bit different from my Samsung but after a time, learned my way around. I love it and being a prime member makes it just that much better.
R2P41SBCFYICT2	4.0	Four Stars	3	3	still learning it lots of things on it
R267K64YCTCRX6	5.0	Great bargain	2	2	this tablet replaces my HDX 9.5. The screen resolution is excellent and the speed of loading downloading and game operation are nearly that of my HDX. For the price I see it as a great bargain, especially with my 128 MB memory card installed.
R265DVM59FKI6M	3.0	Not a 5 star device, but nice, with reservations, anyway.	1	1	I like the big screen, but I really miss the higher resolution of my smaller Kindals. Also, the software seems a bit buggy, the way it jumps around, etc. I like it fine as a reader too, except, again, it is very easy to jump several pages forward or back, again, a software issue I would expect to be resolved by the time the next one is released with the higher resolution screen. For me, the selling factor was the remote storage capacity. I use these devices a lot away from wi-fi connections. Being able to store movies on the 128gb chips and swap them out is something I am looking forward to. My cell phones provide the check link when I want to swap out chips, but I actually have not tried this yet. A feature I would like to have is the ability to directly attach the device to an HDMI cable to drive a larger screen like the original Kindal had. The newer models seem to want to connect via wi-if rather than directly, which is not helpful when I am away from high speed wi-fi, but I may not fully understand the connection protocols, either. Battery life could improve too, I can barely get a days reading with this device without a re-charge. Looking forward to the next edition, in the meantime, the larger screen this unit provides is worth the devices shortcomings to me. The keyboard option, which I ordered is nice, but adds quite a bit of weight. I usually remove the unit from the case when I am using it to watch movies or read from. For the weight, maybe the keyboard could be configured to provide more battery support?
R3QQGK22BHU8UQ	4.0	I like it	2	2	Love the size. Love the keyboard that I purchased to go with it. I am not too happy with the processor. I have had it for a week and it is slow in responding. Thought that being able to use storage this would not be an issue.
R25USSOQK2YH2M	5.0	I do love them as do my grandchildren	2	2	This is my eighth Kindle Fire purchase, I do love them as do my grandchildren, I upgraded theirs last year and mine this year. Everything is awesome. If you keep getting freezes, just turn it off and reboot your router/modem.
R16DF73315DO6D	2.0	Disappointing	2	2	Loved the larger screen. Battery life drains to fast. No quick way to remove clutter to me home or book page . I have 3 kindled hd 8 is great if this worked like that it would be great. But found it to be disappointing.
R26KVAJMCT441Y	5.0	Awesome!	2	2	I already have the Kindle 7 and wanted the extras the new one offered. I was not disappointed. It is beyond what I expected. Internet speed is great and all the extras that are loaded on it a bonus. Highly recommend.
R3GHS0NPWCITI3	4.0	Great, READ the specifications, slick to hold!	1	1	I"ve had my HD10 a week, my first impression was disappointment but that has changed. Out of the box the screen seemed to have several dead spots while setting up the tablet. After a week of use these seem to have disappeared and I am not having much of a problem. My biggest con is the beautiful piano finish of the back of the tablet, being a senior citizen with dry hands this resulted in my almost dropping the tablet many times! I am sorry to say I have a couple of scratches on the back where it fell over on the floor. My answer was getting a case that solved the problem. This is NO iPad or an expensive tablet so DO NO expect that type of performance. This is a great media device, all my video apps work wonderfully, reading my books is super and the Silk browser works okay. I am a little disappointed with 171 ppi not being as crisp as I had hoped, BUT I did read ALL of the spec sheet so can not really fault the tablet. At times the tablet seems slow but not always, I did add a memory card and have downloaded several movies, they run great. I look forward to some tweeking of OS. I do LOVE the new interface, that looks more like standard Android. Over all a good buy but not quite a 5 star. Would I recommend it...yes but be sure to read the specifications and understand what you are buying. This is a great tablet backed by none other than Amazon.
R38PI227907YXK	1.0	a POS	4	5	This unit was for work. It is soo slow and the touch screen is almost unusable. Must use a pen device. or for get it. I knew I shout have bought a Air touch 2 the advertising which was to be kept off this unit is still there. I recommend that no one buy this unit.
R30PVFSHOXO3BU	4.0	New Kindle Fire HD 10	1	1	I have had my new Kindle 10 for a week now and I love and not quite hate it. I love Kindles. I take mine everywhere. I even made my brother UPS it back to me over night when I left it at his house. I purchased the 10 inch because I am not an Apple fan but I wanted something more the size of an ipad. So far it's taken some getting used to because of the size but I still love it. Especialy after purchasing the Keyboard to go along with it. Here is why I am only giving it 4 Stars; 1) The buttons to control the power and volume are not as efficent as they are on the Kindle Fire 7. Most times I have to push the button several times to get it to turn on. 2) I miss the carasol. On this Kindle you have to go to books then choose your book to read. On the Kindle Fire 7 it has a carasol that has all the apps I use most right there on the top. No having to scroll down or selecting the menue item. 3) The screen is touchy. Some times I barely touch the screen and it will go where I want it to or do what I want it to. Other times it seems I have to push on the screen a little harder or more than once to get it to do what I want. This may be caused by the screen protector but I did purchase the one Amazon recomended. So besides these small irks I absolutely love this new Kindle Fire 10. I would recommend it to anyone who will listen to me.
REDO8N6YV6JHK	2.0	Deceived and Disappointed	3	4	I guess the items that would top my list are, 1- It was advertised as having the "Mayday" button to get support but what it has is a phone number to call so that you can be put in a cue to speak to several people in a foreign country. And I mean several, when I called in to state that I could not find the Mayday button I was transferred 6 times, yes 6, unbelievable. Not one support person had any training on the new tablets. 2- A lack of functionality. The on-off button does not seem to work well and, for a touch screen, you constantly have to touch obvious buttons on the screen multiple times to get them to work. 3- It is advertised as "No Software to Install" but the first thing that it did, right out of the box was to install software that took 35 minutes, and it did another update the next day. 4- I like many people use Computers, laptops, tablets etc. to access the internet. The new software removed the internet from the choice of options at the top of the screen ( with Music, Video, Books etc.)and reduced it to an icon which is not easy to see. 5- the overall shape of the tablet is just odd. It is ok for watching wide screen movies but for reading books or magazines it is terrible. 6- I realized this before my purchase but I thought, foolishly, that there would be some way to view movies on my TV, like an HDMI out. They say that it has display mirroring but it does not work well at all. Overall I feel that they released something that was not ready to be released and was not well thought out. I feel that they owe me money back for services and equipment that they did not provide. Over 30% of the people who purchased this tablet are dissatisfied with it. Amazon should be responsible and correct the problems or compensate the owners.
R3J45X7ZDAWPUE	3.0	A good device but not great	3	4	Well... the HD10 is a perplexing device and anyone thinking about buying one should think VERY carefully about what they want and what they need. First off... I LOVE the form factor. Its great for reading and web browsing and is far better than the HDX 7 (which I also own) for those purposes. Its light for a large device and the screen is crisp and clear. The speakers are very good and far louder than my HDX. The ability to add a MicroSD card is a boon and with 96GB of storage I can stock up on books and videos when I travel. Reading on the device is great with books rendered in clean, clear text. Now... here comes the not so good. This device is SLOW. I by slow I mean really noticeably slow. Yes it has a quad core chip but its a combo 1.5Ghz / 1/2Ghz dual chip with 2 cores per chip. The HDX 7 has a 2.2Ghz chip quad core "Snapdragon" and the performance difference is quite remarkable. Also the HDX has a fully HD display (well its not FULL HD but its so close as makes no difference). The HD 10 has a 720P display. Normally this wouldn't be an issue but some HD content is not quite as sharp. Apps also sometimes simply do not load or take ages. Facebook is a nightmare from time to time, NetFlix sometimes simply refuses to start, the built in browser does not render and things like Alex and Prime Music take time to get going. Wireless is VERY picky about device orientation and you can get either 100% signal or 10% signal between a 30 degree angle and a 90 degree angle. Its also really odd when you stack up the HD against the HDX. The HDX has a better screen but no SD card. The HD has a much nicer looking OS (the HDX is still on KitKat I think whereas the HD is on Lollipop). The overall look and feel is better on the HD but the HDX is easier to use because of the speed of the device. All in all its a great physical device for the money badly let down by Apps that don't work properly and an underlying OS that is just not working properly. If you can get past these issues then it is well worth the money. We'd better hope Amazon releases software updates VERY soon to resolve the speed and other issues.
R1B81UMX3LMHY8	5.0	You won't be sorry if you buy Fire HD 10"	2	2	I received this one but did not turn it on until the second one I purchased as a gift had arrived. It still had almost 90% battery life. I actually enjoy this more than one that I had paid $600 for.
R2AJJ502A01D1Y	4.0	Fantastic tablet for a great price	2	2	Tablet has a great HD picture. Does exactly what I want which was provide some entertainment while we went on vacation and sat in airports and while on the airplane. Great pricing for such a big tablet.
R2GTNHF3OB54QS	5.0	I absolutely love it. Have shown it to family and now ...	2	2	It far surpassed my expectations. I absolutely love it. Have shown it to family and now they want one. So much better than an apple ipad, would recommend this to anyone looking for a new tablet.
R1IAPJF86D0SMD	4.0	is bigger better....yes	2	2	Happy with size.....easy for reading...hate cover.,.no stability to hold up device for reading...constantly falls over...frustrating....not as easy to navigate as my old kindle...will get use to it
R14M8W72VZANE	2.0	Disappointed in the Fire 10 performance.	3	4	Not up to the usual Amazon Fire product standards. The display size and view is good but the operating system is disappointing losing connections frequently and generally performing only good to the excellent performance of my Fire HDX 7 unit. It also has some other annoying traits such as jumping back to a previously read email forcing constant scrolling or jumping out of an app with hands off. I pre-ordered this Fire for the size and some of the promised features like storing movies for off line viewing and being able to display an image on a large screen TV independent of the tablet screen or functions (like what can be done with audio only apps). The latter feature does not seem to work or may it will but no instructions (intuitive or otherwise) are available. Also not having the useful Mayday feature is a negative. My plan was to use this sized tablet as a netbook computer but I now realize that it would only be frustrating to use that way. Especially with the poor behavior in wifi connectivity. I did check with customer service and learned that there is no plans for an upgrade and since I was getting close to the 30 day return period I did return the Fire 10. If some of my reported issues and those in other reviews get fixed then I will revisit purchasing the Fire 10. I guess I was disappointed since my expectations were that this model would perform as well or better than either my Fire HD or Fire HDX 7. I agree with other reviewers that if I had not had experience with other models I probably would have kept the unit. But in comparison I know Amazon can do better.
R14EBN63ZP9EB	5.0	I like it. And so much easier to read	2	2	I like it. And so much easier to read. Like the light weight too. Still waiting on screen protectors and cover. Would like to hurry up and get them. Watch for mail lady everyday hoping.
RBWWT5OR3HU92	3.0	Not happy, but can live with this device.	1	1	I've been a Kindle and Fire product fan from the day they launched and I've been very happy with all the devices with the exception of my new Fire HD 10. The first one shipped to me had so many issues with crashing, locking up and downloading that I requested an exchange. My second Fire HD 10 is working a little better. I had ordered the SanDisk 128 GB micro SD Memory Card with my Fire HD 10 and on both units, this appears to be problematic. Downloading the SD Memory Card is very slow and replay is jerky and just stops in places. I uninstalled the SD Card and downloaded the same movie. Download speed was fast and replay was problem free. I would say it was the SD memory card, but this too was replaced when I exchanged my first Fire HD 10. I only use my Fire to watch movies when I travel, so don't want to spend several hundred more for a Apple, Samsung or Apple product, so feel somewhat stuck with this device. Hopefully software updates will address the slow download speeds to the SD memory card and can use that in the future. For what I paid, the Fire HD 10 will meet my needs, but I'll be the first in line when Amazon announces the next generation of Fire Tables next year.
R3O83XF07XOGK5	4.0	This is my 4th (I think) Kindle and have enjoyed all of them	2	2	This is my 4th (I think) Kindle and have enjoyed all of them. It's amazing all the options I have. It is very entertaining and I have convinced at least 5 or 6 people to get one. 😊?
RCA541N9BPRP3	4.0	Very good tablet	2	2	This tablet is great the only think I don't like is the plastic back it feels weird, but I have a case so no problem, you can't beat that price for a tablet this size I'm satisfied!
R3MB9ATJIIONFB	5.0	I love them all	1	1	I read a lot of the reviews on this new tablet and I was concerned that there were too many negative reviews. I have Amazon's Paperwhite, Voyager, and HD 7 products now. So I ordered the new tablet based on my experience with Fire products. I love them all. I ordered my tablet on Oct 27; got it as usual in two days. It worked perfectly out of the box and all my "stuff" was already on it. Fire's interface with the user was as perfect as it is on all their products. My wife has a Samsung tablet and she is still trying to learn how to use it after 3 months. Speed is good and screen is picture perfect. Sound is very good especially with earbuds. I am not sure why there were so many negative reviews. Maybe too much was expected of it by geeks or technophiles. I find it an awesome tablet, especially for the money and I would highly recommend it to anyone needing a tablet. I find I am more and more using it instead of my laptop. When I get a keyboard for it I will put my laptop away. My biggest complaint is that I bought the tablet on October 27 for $229.00 and a week later Amazon offered it for $199.00 NOT FAIR!! You can buy this tablet with confidence!
R1TD58N5I2G373	2.0	It's not as super sharp as the HDX but I bought this specifically ...	1	1	Despite what other reviewers have said, I haven't found a single thing wrong with this device. Sure, it's not as super sharp as the HDX but I bought this specifically for movie & TV watching & playing games. Since my eyesight is not as good as it was, the bigger screen is a blessing for me, plus the fact that I can now add extra storage to the tablet is a plus for me since I do have many movies. I do some reading on Flipboard and I have yet noticed any fuzziness. It seems the only time where it is somewhat slow is when I am downloading a movie. I can understand that though. Though I was a bit confused at first with the new OS layout, it took me around 10 minutes to figure out the whole thing. I actually like it. Overall, the Kindle Fire HD 10 is a winner. Recommended. Update: As of several days ago, I brought back the HD 10 to Best Buy and asked for a refund. Product would not turn on after charging, would randomly reboot and became extremely lagging, especially opening apps and videos. Shame. Hope Amazon delivers another update to address these issues. For now, I am back to my HDX 8.9 and having no problems with it. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. :)
R23EQMCDDO31H0	5.0	Fired up easily	2	2	Easily exceeded my expectations for the Kindle Fire brand. Easy to use. Getting it started and "Fired" up right out of the box was as simple as pouring yourself a glass.
R3BS46HHSZ9CCL	4.0	Great value for the money (best for videos) High Quality! However, choose carefully. Weigh the pros/cons.	5	7	Have read many different opinions about the Kindle Fire HD 10, 32 GB (Black). Each person has a purpose behind purchasing a specific model and name, with different expectations. In the end, it really depends on individual needs and areas which you find more important---weighing the pros and cons. 3.5 Stars I purchased the 9” Nook HD Plus Color, 32 GB years ago-- the day it came out, in fact. There was nothing like it at the time. Prior to this purchased the Nook simple Glow as a reader, back in 2012. The 9” Nook HD + tablet has served its purpose, especially when we were able to utilize Google Play, and in particular the Kindle App. As a professional reader, book blogger and reviewer, of 400-500 books yr., I read advanced reading copies through NetGalley with digital download via Kindle. (with Nook –Kindle App, the books go into Docs) -- can read just like Kindle. The problem with Nook is the charging, which has been intermittent over the last few months. I finally found another replacement charger through Amazon- (works great); however, not sure how long will last; therefore, decided it was time for a new tablet as a backup. What I love most about the Nook is the size. Great for reading. I knew I wanted to go with Kindle Fire; however, realized I would not be happy with a smaller size of an 8” after being accustomed to the Nook 9”. The price difference between the 8" and 10" is worth the cost. Being an Amazon Prime member, Audible member, and the necessity to have a Kindle email for book downloads from NetGalley - the Kindle Fire HD 10 was my best option, when weighing the options. I more I use it, the better I like it. I have changed my review, accordingly. When accustomed to a smaller tablet, it takes a while to get comfortable with the size. Once you do, it has more positives. Mainly comparing to the Nook here: PROS: • Easy setup with installs, emails, etc. I was watching videos for hours within a few minutes. • The quality and speed of videos is excellent (much better than Nook). No freezing or slow down • The landscape size is excellent for viewing videos and movies. • Easy connect with Goodreads, sharing, and social media • Stunning HD Display • Fast quad-core processor up to 1.5 GHz. Rear-facing 5 MP camera and front-facing HD camera (easy to use) • Fast charging • Since I read so much, with my last move, decided not to have a TV in my apartment. I enjoy watching TV and videos on the Kindle versus my laptop, when I decide to watch. (almost impossible with Nook, as so slow even at 32GB) • Delivery of the device, and case, was very fast—2 days, and perfectly packaged. CONS • At first, did not care for the narrow odd size 10.3" x 6.3" x 0.3" Now liking it much better for both reading and viewing • You do NOT have the Google Play app - (Ironically, the Kindle App better on Nook). • The App Store very limited • Sound is not great. When in the case, viewing a video, you cannot hear with volume turned up all the way. Amazon music is fine. Seems to be only on video. • Accustomed to the iPad and Nook with a wider screen-heavier; easier to handle. (the lightweight is growing on me) • I like the built in keyboard better on the Nook. More like a keyboard with larger keys; closer together. • Like the Kindle App Docs feature better on the Nook, than Kindle. • Harder to find a case to fit size. Purchased the leather Amazon $65.00 one---low quality, but serves the purpose. • Another issue: When you have a Kindle app/email set up on Nook (another device); Have hundreds of books (ARCs) which are not published until 2016. Already downloaded with the other kindle email. All these books are only accessible in DOCs, in the Kindle Fire 10.1. You do not see the nice front covers, as you do on Nook. o I would have to deactivate the Nook device or change my kindle email on NetGalley to the Kindle Fire one. I still use my Nook (as found another replacement charger), so do not want to deactivate or want hundreds of books on one, and hundreds on another. Now I have two kindle email addresses and you can only use one as a default on NetGalley. • Comes with Silk Browser. Horrible. Go into settings and change to Google. Allow other apps. Go on the web and go through the steps to get Chrome. In addition, the silk browser freezes sometimes and you are not able to search. Turn off for 20 seconds. This fixes the issue. • Do not waste your time or money on the 2 year protection plan. I ordered it the same day as the Kindle Fire and now three weeks later still have not received. Way after the date they gave me. 3 Weeks. Sent three emails and seller does not respond when I inquire. In conclusion, I am pleased with my overall purchase. Offering as many pros as cons for a balance. The main buzz kill--Amazon tends to hold control. If you want more, recommend an web search to find ways around some of the constraints, in order to get some of the perks you are accustomed to, with other tablets. Continue to tweak. After all the comparisons, I recommend if you are looking for an affordable quality tablet. You will have to be the judge. Which features are more/or less import for your individual taste or needs. My advice: Choose carefully. The jury is still out for me. Time will tell. Will continue to update my review.
RBNXNM05I7GOV	4.0	but sometimes its just not quite as good as the 7" (2014 version) that I have	1	1	I would give this Kindle 5 stars, but the video performance can be a tad underwhelming at times. Mostly, this is a result of the streaming source, which is not the fault of the device, but sometimes its just not quite as good as the 7" (2014 version) that I have. I bought this mainly to use as a video player/storage platform because with Prime I can download movies and watch them offline. I also bought a 64GB SD card made for these devices to expand the storage capacity. I tried using it as a digital book reader but, for me at least, its just too big for that. My 7" Fire HD is a better fit. Like others have reviewed, the glossy slick back is a fingerprint magnet and makes it difficult to securely hold the device, at least until there is a case/cover that will solve that issue. It is incredibly thin and lightweight, and for movies I like the wide format. Surfing the web seems faster with the update to Silk, but it does take a little getting used to the format of the web sites because most are made for a smaller screen size. Overall I'm happy with it.
RH8QSGY05XS9V	1.0	Definitely Not What I Had Expected	1	1	I have the original Kindle and over time came to love it immensely. The only real issues I had was that I wish I had more available battery life and that it was a bit heavy. Was excited when I saw Amazon offering a large screen version but after opening it for the first time since I received it found a unit totally unlike the original in its usage and only about 3 hours of battery life . . . seem to be getting more with my 1st generation Kindle. The interface is NOT user friendly and I still can't figure out how I am managing to get back to the "Home" page . . . it seems merely by accident I've managed to find my way back. As with other comments, the resolution is really bad even compared to the original Kindle . . . am extremely disappointed. I received my Kindle when they had promised it, but only opened it in the last two days as I've been dealing with the placement of my mother in a nursing home and all the related issues there. I will be calling Amazon Customer Service and hopefully will be able to return it for a full refund.
R2M7XFG9NYYASN	5.0	Wonderful	2	2	We have two of these now and we are really enjoying them. I just wish that they came with a Manuel. I'm sure there's allot more we could do on this if we knew how.
R2Z0PBC2T1BWIJ	5.0	I am a comcast xfinity customer and would love to see that app available	2	2	I am really enjoying my new Fire HD. The only problem with it is the lack of media apps. I am a comcast xfinity customer and would love to see that app available.
RFSMFZD74EY2	4.0	Very Good; However Improvements Needed	1	1	.I received my Kindle Fire 10.1 on September 30th and I am happy with it though improvements must be made regarding the 10.1 Kindle Fire. Pros: On the Home screen, what I really like is that you can now manipulate what you want displayed on your home screen via creating folders and dropping the application icons in the folders you create. For instance, I created a folder on my home screen to put all Apps that I rarely use so as to not pollute my home screen unnecessarily. This is a really awesome feature though I cannot say whether the previous kindle devices had this feature as none of mine do. There is the option to choose whether you want your screen display to "rotate" or not and I really like this feature. This feature is new for me compared to the first line of Kindle Fire HD 8.9 device I purchased so perhaps this feature was already in the previous models but I really like this option. The device is a very nice slim and elegant device for which I find easy to handle. The ... Read more
R51O1UTFXBNTK	2.0	A Step Backwards.	3	4	The Pros of this unit are few and subtle. The inclusion of expandable memory is a great addition and I like the wide design of the unit. The unit is very light and but feels sturdy enough in your hards to not be an issue. That is where the positives of this model end. Unfortunately Amazon has decided they can make more money off of content than devices so this tablet is cheap for a 10" model but they cut way to many corners. Quite frankly the screen is terrible. I have used every model Kindle Fire and have loved most of them, the HDX was a great tablet with a superb resolution, I currently use the HD6 model and like it as well. Even though the resolution isn't super HD on it because it is so small the PPI is still pretty good (252) and things look great on it. This model only has (149) PPI and it is just not a good quality resolution. When reading text you can see the pixels and even movies look pretty poor. I really wish that Amazon made a 10.1" model that had an HDX screen and faster processor. I realize they would have to charge maybe $150 more for it but it would be worth it. The entire Kindle Fire line is now subpar when it comes to resolution and I will have to look somewhere else when I decide to get a new tablet again unless Amazon decides to make a premium tablet again.
R21QWGIMXGY4AW	4.0	Good item.	2	2	Product would be perfect, but my eyes are not good enough to read some of the smaller print that is not adjustable.I received a full refund. Thanks Amazon!!!
R1RBM595T3EUL7	5.0	Accessibility features will amaze the hearing impaired, deaf and visually impaired.	1	1	I love my Fire 10! I replaced my broken Kindle DX with the Fire 10 and was amazed at the improvements I discover with this tablet. There are so many good features that have been discussed by other reviewers I see no reason to mention them again. The one feature no one seems to mention are the Accessibility options. Whether the user is legally blind, visually impaired, hearing impaired or deaf each disability is covered. Closed captions are available, a talking feature can be activated, the font can be made super large and devices for the blind can be interference with the Fire 10. Difficulties I've had with iPhones, PC's and my Kindle DX are not issues at all with the Fire 10. Lastly, I would like to mention the well informed and helpful Associates who work at Amazon Chat. They have assisted me numerous times when I just couldn't figure out how to deal with an issue I was having. My issues are always resolved by the end of the Chat session. I highly recommend customers use Chat for their issues and questions.
R1T339JD45ENKJ	5.0	Great purchase!	2	2	My wife's older tablet finally bit the dust and she really wanted to check out the new Fire. She got it extremely fast and totally loves it. Great purchase!
R3MY53KXY47SRQ	1.0	Not responsive	2	2	Have to tap 2-3 Times to activate. Said would restore apps. Did not restore score or longevity with apps. Battery life poor. Frustrated with each use.
R2XMR2ORXFHXIE	2.0	Sending it Back	4	5	This does not work correctly must be defective freezes up constantly and when trying to read a book it keeps jumping around the book and flipping tge pages.Has too many bugs in it for me.
R156DVNPO2FC52	5.0	Love the big screen and it is lighter than the ...	2	2	Love the big screen and it is lighter than the older one. I will enjoy reading books on it as I have used my first kindle (not a fire) for reading.
R1U3I2X64ADXVI	5.0	The new and improved Fire 10.1	1	1	I really like the new 10.1 Fire .This is my 3rd Fire and all three have been exemplary in performance.The new 10.1 , I purchased because of the bigger screen which for me was a no brainer. I make my living playing and singing music with the advent of tablets there is no longer any need to carry tons of sheet music.It's all digital now and that's great.The larger screen makes it even easier to read.The graphics on the 10.1 have been slightly improved over the previous version which were wonderful to begin with.Process speed is up a bit so performance is way up there.The price is very fair compared to other same size tablets .I opted for the ad free screen saver version just for simplicity and that was 15 additional dollars but that is a personal choice.I've only had the new 10.1 for a couple of weeks but as has been the track record of my previous two there have been absolutely no problems whatsoever and I could be be happier with my purchase.
RA2PG3MSVGEHB	1.0	Bigger...definitely not better	6	8	Kindle Customer Oct.2 said what I think. Lesson learned: N E V E R get a new product before at least 50 people have gotten and reviewed it.Will return it tomorrow. I'm sending this from my 7" Kindle Fire DX.
RXM6497U2TMTN	5.0	Everyone the 10.1 is the best you can't go wrong buy the10.1	2	2	I am so happy with the10.1much more than my old 10. It work faster better picture bigger I was hoping it was better than my old one and it was
R2I9R92QQJ3BQO	1.0	They still have the same issues with the new Fire	10	14	I was extremely disappointed with the Fire when I received it. Still freezes up and restarts like my wife's HDX 8 does, still has limited battery life, and problems recognizing my strong WI-FI signal. I returned this as well as all accessories I purchased to go with it. It's time to look elsewhere for a decent tablet..
RNN30FQP3FDXG	5.0	Bigger and better	2	2	I like it much better than the small kindle. Downtrodden quite as fast as the smaller one but maybe I have too maybe mails and tabs open.
R16QQT0J85ZWH8	4.0	FIRE HD 10 almost a perfect tablet computer.	2	2	Inconsistent use of control icons and procedures found on previous FIRE models have made for a steeper learning curve than necessary.
R3O75E6HBNXHP	1.0	I wish I hadn't wasted my money	1	1	Not at all user-friendly. I wish I hadn't wasted my money. I can't get my books to download on it. I called customer service and they were NO help at all. I have a Kindle Fire 8.9 which I've had for three years and now it won't turn on, so I purchased the 10.1 thinking I would like the larger screen. I really really liked my 8.9 Fire HDX and as much as I liked it, I detest this 10.1. Sometimes my internet is slow, but the updates loaded on this device and when the books wouldn't download, I tried again to download a short book and left it alone for a couple of hours (it has NEVER taken that long for anything to download on my other kindle) and it hadn't downloaded at all. I can't find my apps and games I had previously downloaded - shouldn't they be in the cloud? I can't even use this as a simple e-reader since the books won't download, so I guess I have an expensive paperweight. Update on review: I was going to return the device but I finally got it to download books so I can use it. Because it was not seeming to download (the bar at the bottom never showed any progress) I had tried several different things to download and it just wouldn't download anything. I deleted everything but one book from the download queue and it finally downloaded a book. It is slow and the screen resolution is not as good as on the HDX 8.9, but at least I can now read books on it. As I have said, I really liked the 8.9 Fire HDX, but it has completely failed after three years and it cost about $400, so that doesn't seem like a good investment either. I hope the technology improves and becomes more reliable.
RTGMEB7TRJU6R	5.0	I just love this tablet	2	2	I just love this tablet,the light is very brightness.I was watching a movie with my tablet,it was so clear.These Fire Table are awesome.
R3K7ORLJCKUL7H	2.0	Great Price, OK able	1	1	The Fire HD 10 was to be an alternative to my iPad Air as the new iPad Pro is priced way too high. For the price the Fire HD 10 is a very good tablet. Screen picture quality is adequate, the home screen is an improvement over past Fire tablets & the ability to scroll for apps, books, etc. is a great feature. The Silk browser is not as easy to use as Safari, & because of the long narrow screen the images are small. The screen size is another disappointment - great read for reading & OK for watching movies, but not great for online use. The worst feature is the battery life - needs to be charged every day, sometimes while being used. The specs state 8 hours of mixed usage - I barely got 4 hours. I returned the product after 2 weeks & the amazing Amazon customer service issued a full refund. I have a Fire HD 6 (4th generation) & while small is a much better tablet.
R165VM03LEOALZ	3.0	I'm sad that I no longer have mayday	2	2	I'm sad that I no longer have mayday. The loss of saved game data is very frustrating. The touch screen is not always user friendly
RJXC3Z1WITEZR	4.0	Easy after having owned 2 others	2	2	Large screen is great.....easy to use. ... wish there was a way that my photo album would have transferred automatically too
RC80V0SL1N0BH	1.0	So If this sound like a fun time, Sure have at it. If not...click the back button and find a different tablet.	3	4	Well this tablet was going to replaced my 3gen HD 7 inch that is about three or more years old .... I like the idea that I would have more storage(because it was needed) BUT This kindle and everything I bought with it has been return. Its very slow and glitchy. Be prepare to start typing with the keyboard that magically disappears and reappears every few minutes :) Wait a minute or so before any applications to register that they should be starting because you touch it. Need to look up something really fast? Nope this tablet not made for that. In fact it randomly will hit the home button or back button just for fun. The screen can be over sensitive one minute and under sensitive another. Silk thinks you should be redirected to the app store or a spam site every five minutes. Lastly calling tech support will not be helpful because the only fix they can help you with is to tell you to factory restart your tablet. (I only did this four time)
R3VLNCA2NQYD7B	1.0	need great price HD fire 10.1" isn't what it is suppose to be	1	1	got my 10.1"HD Display Fire HD 10 today Sunday 11/22, was suppose to be delivered by 8:00 pm Saturday 11/21, any way charged it and put in the 32g extra memory card went through the tutorial and found no place for me to go to my cloud to just bring all my apps, books, pics from my previous kindle fire, so I download the new Facebook pretty fast and played around on Facebook for about 30 minutes , then decided to download the Netflix app this was at 3:27 pm pst, and the whole unit froze and it is currently almost 6:30 pm pst and it is still frozen the screen is still on and this sucks big time!! couldn't find any place to assist so figure if I wrote this someone might respond!. think I just need to send back and keep my kindle fire never have had issue with it and it is 3 years old
R1NMIA8TKBT1FZ	5.0	This is a great device! Down side	2	2	This is a great device! Down side? Cover was to expensive. Free apps expect you to pay to play, etc. Good value though.
R124MTDKEF4EA3	5.0	Amazon Fire HD 10" HD is FANTASTIC!!!	1	1	Yes, Amazon's Fire HD10, is amazing. I elected to give my husband his Christmas gift early. (Note: He has the very first Fire Kindle edition.) He was totally surprised and shocked by the size and clarity of the Kindle. It's so super light and very easy to handle. Now with the 10" size Fire Kindle, my husband has gone non-print for his magazine addictions. I'm thrilled with his decision. We are cutting down on paper and his 10" Fire Kindle is large enough that he can truly enjoy reading his men magazines and books too. Now since having this nice size 10" Fire Kindle, we have elected to add Kindle unlimited to our already Prime Membership and Fire Stick through Amazon. It's saving me money in the long run. Thank you Amazon!!
R221WHXW7XHWSU	5.0	Awesome Tablet! 🙌	1	1	Love my new tablet! I used to have a kindle fire hd 2013 model, with no camera or anything. I was fine with that but when the LCD glass broke, (which by the way was long off after I got it, making it very durable) I had waited until the we had the money to get me another kindle fire. Which turns out to be the 10! I love everything about it, the color, the sleekness, It's really fast too 😋 I got a case made by Fintie which I love! So many choices to choose from there, it fits perfect and there's even Velcro in the case to keep it from sliding out. Comparing it to my 7" tablet that broke, it seems humongous while my old one seems ridiculously small. I recommend this to anyone who wants a tablet with great pixels, good entertainment, and a very durable tablet. 😋😊
R3I1VW23HAIQWV	4.0	This is proving to be a really good tablet, not perfect	1	1	This is proving to be a really good tablet, not perfect, but very capable. I have found it to be not as sensitive to touch as I expected, and occasionally have to hit an icon several times before it will react. It also lacks a GPS capability. It does have already-loaded apps for Amazon programs like music, so if you are a prime member you can listen to, or buy albums from almost every genre of music. It is fast, has a fairly short learning curve, and is certainly easy to carry. Occasionally it will not play a video because the particular extension may not be supported. I am looking forward to finding new uses and programs for it. It has a good browser, but so far have not been able to find any other browsers that it can use other than the firmware it came with.
RDEJLUYBNBA37	5.0	I love this item a lot better than the last one ...	2	2	I love this item a lot better than the last one I had. I still liked the 2nd gen I had last. Much cheaper than iPad.
R368Y4SIQRF4Q3	2.0	Mixed feelings	1	1	For the price it is OK but it has what I believe a flaw in the Wi-Fi portion of it because it says no connection when it shows full bars on the status. Turning it off and back on helps. I have used it at several locations and the problem persists. I have tried both 3G and 5G, same results. Have talked to other owners about their Kindle Fire devices - same problem. I have 42 years experience in the IT industry and feel that I am able to recognize a problematic device. The Kindle Fire HD 10 has a problem and since other Kindle Fire devices have the same problem I would have to regard this as a design flaw. I use it a lot and enjoy it very much even though it locks up a lot and looses it Internet connection to much but I still think it is worth the money.
R1V57QUQLRLSW4	5.0	Love it	4	5	Really enjoying this huge screen! I've watched movies on it, read many books and enjoyed playing games. Strongly recommend getting one!
R2DUVW13HRO9F5	5.0	an absolutely wonderful gift. I had the Kindle Fire	2	2	an absolutely wonderful gift. I had the Kindle Fire, and enjoyed that, but this is one surpasses it. I love it
R376HSOB5BL1A5	1.0	Great features but a low resolution screen	4	5	Definitely not an HDX replacement. Great features but a low resolution screen. Really needed to wait for reviews. Promptly returned.
R9WDE14UIWONM	4.0	It gets the job done	1	1	My HDX cocked out on me and I was happy to see a cheaper alternative from the same company but a much larger display. Everything is running smoothly but there are some things I miss from the HDX like: The camera. This back camera is ok but you can see pixels if you don't used HDR. The front facing camera is no good at all. Will probably never use it. Battery life. Today was my day off so I tested the kindle battery life by playing games, browsing and streaming YouTube from about 1pm to 5pm. At 1 battery life was 100% by 5 I needed the charger at 20% with brightness at about half. Resolution. HD YouTube videos look slightly blurry. Really annoying and I can't find how to fix that if it can be fixed
R3CERNXNVXU6I	5.0	So far so good. Three year old great granddaughter really likes it	1	1	So far so good. Three year old great granddaughter really likes it. Prefers it to the 8 inch Amazon Fire. She got used to opening the pad very quickly and continues to "buy" apps. Did not have any trouble connecting to the internet and have not had the chance to use it myself, because of the great granddaughter. She calls it her Amazon Fire pad. She doesn't read well enough to recognize my name in the upper left hand corner, yet! My daughter turned down the brightness, said it hurt her eyes to watch it in brighter mode. I would have turned it down myself, but haven't used it enough to realize how to do that. Would recommend for others to get the Fire HD 10. It is a hoot!! Wayne
R1VYXU2C82P5L1	5.0	Excellent tablet and great price	3	4	First if you're looking for a replacement for your HDX 8.9 don't bother because you will be unnecessarily disappointed. On the other hand if you're looking for a tablet to supplement your HDX 8.9 this is a slightly stripped down device that will work well for road trips or an extended day or two away from the house. It features 720p resolution but the larger screen makes up for a hardly noticeable drop in quality. Honestly I really could not tell the difference. The SD expansion is what sold me. Cards are available up to 128 gigs. The device does not feature a mayday button. I was disappointed but what Amazon has done is changing the tech support to phone while giving control of the device to you support person. In the past I've often had to restart my device losing my support person in the process. Overall I could not be more pleased.
RZMJJHGTRQKNR	5.0	Quality tablet	2	2	I really like the Kindle Fire HD 10.1. It has surpassed my expectations with the amount of apps available.
RL8JPVF988LPM	4.0	Good but not great	1	1	I am a huge fan of the Kindle Fire Series and I purchased this one for myself as a bday present as the battery life on my last one was getting less and less. For the most part I really like this new Kindle. I am not in love with the very rectangle shape of the new Kindle, I think I could have been happier with the smaller size. The battery life on this new one is also a disappointment. It seems like after playing a few games that it drains rather quickly. I am finding that I have to recharge every night as apposed to every other day with my last one. I will continue to buy these products because over all they are great and a good value but I hope Amazon works on the battery life.
R33ZJ9EA8KAR8Y	3.0	... range in my house reached to my Kindle Fire better than it does for my new Kindle Fire HD	2	2	The WiFi range in my house reached to my Kindle Fire better than it does for my new Kindle Fire HD 10
R3YBNUYIRTH6N	5.0	Can a Kindle be SEXY?	1	1	The first one did not have a responsive screen.there was a strange rainbow effect to the screen. Often the keyboard would not allow me to choose letters. I had to tap the screen three, four, five times. It just did not act like my two other Kindles. Apps would not come up, or act right. I thought that it would get better over time. It got worst. I finally gave up and asked for a new one. The second one is perfect. I love this one. I like it better that the other older ones. If a Kindle can be sexy, well this one is. Fast, big yet not too big, light, yet sturdy. Easy to use <3 there is one caveat, at 60% power, I notice there is a slower response time.
R2VZ02CCMCM6CS	4.0	Give It Time	3	4	So I'm going to be honest I was looking forward to upgrading from my Fire HDX to the Fire HD 10. The biggest draw was the larger display since my eyesight is so poor. For that reason the 10 is perfect. The volume is also excellent far superior to my previous Fire. Now bad news yes there is a delay when switching between apps. It's easy to accidentally turn off both in landscape and portrait. I can live with the lag but the most frustrating part to me is I am constantly being kicked out of games like every 45 seconds in some of them. I have refrained from returning ing in hopes that an update can fix the problem after all new systems have issues that need worked out. I'm holding with time that the issues will be worked out and this will become the tablet I had hoped it to be.
R1UBT9I5JHO92P	2.0	Years out of date. Old technology not worth the considerable price. Better options out there.	5	7	The specifications of this tablet are not the greatest. The following tablets have better or the same specifications and cost less!!! I'd suggest buying the Lenovo Tab 2 A10 over the Fire HD 10. 1.) ASUS Zenpad 10 (Around 159.00) 2.) LG E10 LGV700 (Around 199.00) 3.) Lenovo Tab 2 A10 (1920x1200 Display - 10 Hour Battery life!: Around 180.00) CONS: USB 2.0 (3.0 has been out for a while now) 149 Pixels per square inch (this is worse than previous generation fire tablets) No AMOLED. No Corning Gorilla Glass Fire OS (geared primarily toward convincing you to purchase junk from amazon) A huge free app selection (each App has access to much of your personal information - like contact lists, emails, etc) What is the batteries capacity? - 8 hours was great back in 2013...not gonna cut it anymore. Where is the innovation Amazon!?
R750U9PG24UW2	4.0	It shuts down in the middle of games. Sometimes ...	2	2	It shuts down in the middle of games. Sometimes it locks up and takes a long time to power it down.
R35PSU4V02ZH1I	2.0	Very Disappointed	1	1	Full of bugs, wifi issues, I was really disappointed in this Fire tablet after purchasing so many in the past, however I do believe this is an isolated incident. Apps keep shutting down for no reason, dropped network connections even when other items on my network including my wife's HDX are not having issues. Performed a hard reset and still having same issues. I am trying to get it exchanged, talked to a tech support rep, I feel like he was trying everything to keep me from exchanging it instead of helping me with my issue, expecting a call back. I have been a prime member for a very long time and am very hopeful that Amazon will help me with issue.
R1Z5YSVAS9MALZ	5.0	The One I've Been Waiting For	1	1	I have been waiting for Kindle to come out with a tablet that was a little bigger but not as big as other tablets. This is perfect. It does everything I want a tablet to do and more....at a price that beats all of the other tablets hand down. It is light weight and very portable. The added keyboard (purchased separately) makes it easy to send messages or produce reports. The Swype keybpard is extremely easy to use. For anyone who wants the ease and convenience of a laptop but not the size or price, I think this tabet fits the bill. Another great feature is the fact that it is supported by Amazon. You can't beat the support and help you get from Amazon.
R2IQW969Z8S201	4.0	I do recommend this device.	1	1	This is my fifth kindle upgrade, (I started out with the old one with the built-in keyboard). I love the display on my new Fire HD 10! Sadly, it has some issues with locking up on me that I have never experienced on a kindle before so I can't give it five stars. The new interface is nice and I love the three control keys at the bottom of the display. The battery life seems a bit shorter than my old Kindle fire but the new HD 10 IS doing much more than my old one so the trade off is understandable. All in all I can recommend this device to any and all that either want an e-reader or want to upgrade from an older device. This is a great e-reader/tablet!
R3M6BRFL0F0EP7	1.0	Fire HD 10 .....	3	4	I recieved this and it was trouble right off the first. I had to restart it 10 times before it stayed on.Yes I had charged it before turning it on, It kept changing my location along with the time. I could not turn it off nor could I stop it from loading apps that I had not gone to. I could not contact cust: service nor go and change anything that it loaded without my doing it.. I am returning this along with the leather case and the 64 gig chip.. I spent 10 hours tring to get this to work.... Before any one mouths off. I am a computer programer with over 35 years programing, writing,, building , and troubleshooting problems.. I started in 1968 and I teach computers so don't say that I do'nt know how to use this junk....
R3QP3YRR02XJWG	3.0	Great tablet for the price	1	1	I love the tablet. It provides so much more than I expected for the price. The display is amazing. Navigation is a little sluggish. I've only had it for three weeks and already encountered issues where I couldn't turn it on. I had to search for an answer on line. I'm tech savvy, so I already knew to use the included charging cable and plug. It was fully charged, but still froze up twice. I'm not giving up on it. It's a great tablet. I love the size and the look and feel. I'm hoping the issues will be corrected with firmware updates. I know this sounds grim, but I do recommend it, if you are looking for a tablet for a reasonable price. Review 2 I've now been using my tablet for about two months. I still love it. It is still worth getting. Now that I am comfortable navigating through the screens, exiting apps, etc. It's a great tool to have.
RCKX9WKP85RBZ	2.0	Eh. Did not like it.	3	4	Eh. So I love Amazon, seems like I'm buying something from here everyday BUT the fire is not great at all. 1. Sluggish, no clean fluid movement 2. stuck with the silk browser which is also sluggish 3. Full Google App Store not available 4. Often I get errors or it just moves slowly. 5. I expect more from an Amazon product. I was excited about it when I got it, forced myself to play with it the first 2-3 days, now it sits on my side table and I am primarily using my iPad. I get that it's cheaper than an iPad but I would rather spend the money and buy an iPad. Plus on it - played some movies on it, those looked good and it has a micro ad slot. Come on Amazon you can do better.
R1H16RQZW06MY	3.0	I was expecting better.	2	2	Screen dimensions are far from ideal. It still has several of the flaws of previous models too.
R1P8Q7T7Y4P2PP	3.0	To Soon	1	1	I have owned the Fire HD for about 2 weeks now. There have been issues with it momentarily freezing or just going to the item I touch then quickly returning to the page I came from. I hope it works out its own issues since I bought it in Colorado but I work in Kosovo so no returns and no point buying the extended warranty. I could buy a new one for what the customs tax and international shipping would be. My first reader died a few months after I bought it but Amazon was good enough to replace it (older readers).. The second one still works without problems so I hope it's just a fix that can be done over the internet on the HD 10.
R1E0UVY10XHN3W	5.0	Great tablet	1	1	Having had the last iteration of the Fire tablet I was excited to see what this new model would bring. It surpassed all expectations. I'm in the IT industry so have the chance to use a lot of the technology out there and this is without a doubt one of the best tablets I've used. Speed is good, display is great and the new slim design definitely takes it into a different class than the previous models. Especially for the price point. It may not have as much hardware power as some others but it is honestly minimal in regards to difference in performance. I would highly recommend this product. Any questions just let me know.
RXLCQ6CI63GKE	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Love it!!! People can write all the negatuve comments they want but I love every bit of it!
R1KGORK2Z0CM0P	4.0	Love it.	2	2	This a an upgrade for my Fire HD 7 16GB. So far it has meet all my expectations. Love it.
RSGE04AR4J0RV	2.0	struggling to keep confidence in my brand new Fire hd 10" tablet purchase	5	7	I've been struggling with the apps. They are the apps offered by Amazon, but I can't figure out some of the ones I definitely wanted. I just spent a better part of this morning with Amazon customer service, only concluded with the AMC app being a software issue that cannot be resolved for me. I had to contact customer service to "reset" my new Fire hd 10 right out of the box. All the instructions were in Chinese when I turned it on accept for the word "fire". There were no sufficient paper instructions in the box and I couldn't access the digital instructions in English. I'm really struggling to maintain my confidence in my new Amazon device purchase. I will be contacting Amazon again. Meanwhile, I would like to hear any advice from other recent Fire hd 10 purchasers.
R3GP6JSFK1VNZA	4.0	Realistic Expectations	3	4	Specs are not everything. I owned the 1rst and 2nd generation fire HDX 8.9 and I knew the specs for the HD 10 were a step down. Therefore I thought long and hard about how I actually use my fire tablet and decided the extra screen size of the HD 10 would be more useful to me than the better specs of the HDX. Is the HD 10 slower than the HDX, yes. Is the screen less sharp than the HDX, yes. Does that make the HD 10 unusable, NO. For the way I use my tablet what I gave up was more than offset by the larger screen. You have to have realistic expectations. The HD 10 is not a top of the line tablet, that's the HDX. Don't expect top of the line performance for a low end price.
R3EZ6UTXPDZ8DC	5.0	lightness	2	2	Love the lightness of this Kindle. Easy to use and great tutorials for new Kindle users.
R1PRWZLNOR5HQ9	5.0	Great buy!	2	2	I am just beginning to enjoy the world of my Fire. So far it is everything I expected.
RBE1MEY0K1SDS	4.0	Unbelievable price for a large screen.	1	1	This is my third kindle. My previous two were the 7". I am currently still using my smaller one. I love the new size. I play games (candy crush, candy crush soda, and farm heroes) and can now see them more clearly due to the increase in size. Also, the font is bigger for books and newspapers. But, not on web or certain emails. It was so easy to set up. And it had previous apps from the other kindle on it already. Just download from the cloud. The width is proportionately bigger than heighth (in landscape). I think it's lighter than my HDX. Very pleased.
RFYO1DL3EU8D4	2.0	i really did want to like the tablet but i cant	3	4	i order this tablet thinking on upgrading on maybe from the Samsung galaxy tab 7' and come to my surprised that yeah im just gonna stick to my Galaxy. The Fire HD 10.1 is always freezing up on me. and im not even doing anything to it. Loading apps takes forever. At times couldn't even get the Netflix app to work that and not even the Amazon video app. I really didn't mind the whole pixels thing just because the size of the tablet. when the freezing would happened it took forever to reset. When it was resetting it would takes minutes at times 20 for me to even get back to what i was doing... i really did want to like the tablet but i cant.
R25I6Y6IL9YMFR	4.0	Works Great!	2	2	Works great! A large memory 32 GB really helps holds a lot of books and games. AA++++
R2A6FRD92AHVI2	5.0	A must have Fire	1	1	The best Fire released to date. Super fast response time from app to app movie to tv show to music all fluid and fast. The Fire 10.1 is so light you will forget you are even carrying it. The Fire 10.1 is so thin it just feels natural in your hands. From what I have tested the Fire 10.1 is the same thickness as a number 2 pencil. Just incredible how well built this unit is and how beautiful it is. Supports all your fav apps from Netflix to Dish Anywhere(my service provider, works with more) The Underground is still growing but some nice things in there and they mean free.
RS29YYTK10YLR	2.0	Not as nice as previous models	3	4	The interface seems much less user-friendly than my previous Fire. In addition, the whole experience of using this Fire seems oriented towards sell you more things. I select a book from my library, and I am shown the cover as well as recommendations of similar books Amazon can sell me. There is a page in the carousel showing previous things I have browsed on the Amazon website. Somehow I managed to even make a purchase there accidentally and only learned of this from the confirmation email. I can find the help chat like on my previous Fire. I paid extra to avoid special offers, but the entire purpose of this tablet is to make offers.
R2VJQ0N12UIR3O	3.0	This is my 6 6th Fire but maybe the last.	1	1	The tablet itself is okay but the operating system is terrible. I'm tempted to return it. It won't maintain an internet connection. It's set up exactly like the Fire Phone which works well with the phone but is terribly difficult to use on a tablet. It's also incompatible with most of the apps that I prefer. I recommend skipping this one as a waste of money and time. I have purchased each of the 4 previous generations and been happy with the others. Obviously I wouldn't have kept upgrading if I hadn't been pleased. I'm really disgusted with this new version. Addition to my review. Now that I have gotten used to the new interface, it is useable but still inconvenient. The connection problem was fixable by turning of a battery saving feature. The Kindle will automatically turn off Wi-Fi at every shutdown and any time you're not actively using it. Turn this setting off for improved Wi-Fi connectivity. I'm still upset about the compatibility problems.
R1MRC9F1WVB61N	2.0	The 149 ppi screen is borderline for reading	1	1	Was excited about the price so I bought my first tablet. Get what you pay for. I could not stand the Display format in that everything is advertising for amazon. Couldn't change/customize it. The long thin screen format is bad for reading and web surfing. The 149 ppi screen is borderline for reading. Figured larger 10.1 inch screen even at low ppi would make reading better but not for me. Sent it back, amazon refunded the price even before they received it back. Bought the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 which is way to expensive but love the screen.
R18U13X220MXSZ	2.0	A step backwards for Amazon.	3	4	If you have never owned a Kindle Fire before then you may like it. I have had numerous starting with the first, and even that one had better resolution than this. The battery life is not very good, applications freeze, and it is VERY slow. I assumed that it would be better than the last 3 models I have purchased, but it wasn't. I had it packed up and ready to return, but my son talked me into keeping it so he could play the free games with the Amazon Underground. I love Amazon for shopping and will continue to use them, but will not bother with the music and books anymore. My next purchase will be a Surface instead of a Kindle Fire.
RRA1W6Q5E1ILN	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	This new Fire HD is Awesome! Picture is very clear, sound on movies is incredible.
R2WKR03AC21A6X	1.0	Very disappointed!!!	3	4	I am on a fixed income and buying this Kindle was a big expense for me. I have had 3 other Kindles, so I felt assured buying it. I am so sorry I did. I received mine on Sept 30th. I have waited to write review to give it a good judgement period. Now here it is. The screen locks repeatedly, jumps back to main screen in middle of using, the WiFi connection is super slow on it. I keep it plugged in all the time now so it will be charged because battery life is bad. The touch screen is not user friendly - takes repeated touches to connect to app. I would not recommend this. I loved my first and third kindle, this one sucks.
R3KFPLCUL6ESAV	2.0	Loved them all	1	1	I returned it. I have purchased all Kindle Fire's, plus one for a friend. Loved them all, except this one. You can be doing a puzzle or on line and touch anyplace on the screen and it jumps to another sight. Then you had to go 3 or 4 places to get back to where you were. It was very frustrating. I love my Kindles. As my husband said,." she goes to bed with her kindle. If she had to get rid of me or the Kindle, I better leave now." He was kidding. I have never written aq bad review, until now. I did like the size. Sorry. Judi F
RBPBHUXY5UTMA	4.0	Four Stars	2	2	I am enjoying my Fire HD , one complaint, it does not stay charged very long.
R126U21R502KWN	4.0	Kindle 10.1" HD Display	2	2	I really wish this version of Kindle had live help like my previous Kindle.
R2IZFYELI1DNMS	4.0	Fine tablet	1	1	It's structurally built okay, feels a bit flimsy, but actually quite strong. The software is the only issue I have with it. Seems to get stalled far more than the original Fire HD tablet used to. Never been too bad, but its annoying when things stop responding. The cameras work well, runs all the same apps as everything else does, and the keyboard and talk to text are as functional as could b expected. I'm happy I bought it, but will be happier if a software upgrade makes it run a little smoother.
RCIJHIZ8XUU8G	4.0	Four Stars	3	3	It is fine.
R2WLEWXPQK2MVU	5.0	Very happy with the size and clarity.	1	1	This is my 5th Kindle plus my wife has had 2 (including the new 8" display) and I really, really enjoy this one. The size is perfect, it's lightweight, and the picture quality is amazing. Battery life is as good as my HD. The sound quality for movies and shows is pretty impressive for it's size. I would highly recommend this tablet, particularly if you are like me and looking for a larger screen. Definitely get the Amazon origami type case...it's worth it and fits the device perfectly.
R1GXF72FH3L2YK	2.0	Two Stars	2	2	This isn't even HD. What happened to the high res of the last generation?
R1D3LNUFLOUIQ9	4.0	Gonna keep it.	1	1	I love it to pieces, yet it is not as easy to navigate as the 8.9 fire that I had, and it takes so long to open up. It isn't as responsive as it should be, and I have to tap it several times before it will respond for me, and the one I had replaced first had a cover that I purchased which I didn't receive with this one. Yet, like I said first, I love it to pieces and the good well out weigh's the bad so I am going to keep it hoping someone can get the bug's out of it. Arlie said that.
RIV6FXYPOVYOB	5.0	More like a mini computer than an e reader.	1	1	Bought this as a gift for my husband who hates computers. He has been doing everything (reading-mail-web browsing) on a Kindle 8. He loves to read. Thought I would update him to a wider screen and give him the chance to really do more than just read. Glad I have. It has a beautiful picture, is easy to use, and is fast. It is set up so he will be able to cruse the web and do his email easily. We added an extra card and have loaded tons of photos and music on it too! Glad we got it.
R2ZW2RV3VQFWA5	5.0	Love my Fire HD 10!	1	1	Love it so far! I was looking for a bigger display to not only read with, but access the internet as well without having constantly enlarge and shrink the screen. It's very thin and light! I really like my other Fire (7"?), but this one is so much more user friendly. I also like being able to move my library into categories so I can keep tabs on what I've read and which ones I want to read next. I haven't quite gotten the hang of goodreads yet, we'll see how that goes...
R1Q3K6DGP4G4V7	5.0	Just Do It!	3	4	I've owned several Kindles and I love them all. Now I'm a proud owner of a new Fire HD 10. This "tablet" is amazing, beautiful and smart! I don't even consider this as a tablet. To me, it's a computer - small in size - not in capacity. I can do just about anything on my Fire as I could do on my home computer and best of all, it's portable. My home computer is a laptop and I'm not on it very much now because this Fire does it all! If you are thinking of getting one of these amazing Kindles, just do it - you'll be happy you did.
R3JMYL2024Q0QK	5.0	Kindle Fire HD 10	1	1	I switched from an android tablet to the kindle HD fire & so far the transition has been easy. I enjoy the speed that the applications open but am disappointed that I can't use the google chrome browser. The reason I started with a droid was that I didn't like the proprietary nature of Apple's iPad. So the jury is still out on kindle. All & all it is easy to use, great screen resolution , & a quick processor. I am very pleased thus far & would easily recommend it to a friend.
R27Y8DSNBOLQY7	5.0	Thanks Kindle Fire HD!!!!!	1	1	This is my second Kindle. My first one was a Kindle Fire with a 6 or 7 inch screen. This one has an awesome speaker, its HD, fast processor, and of course, a bigger storage space and screen. I also bought the light blue cover/stand and the 128 GB disc for extra storage. My only complaint is the volume buttons. I don't know if it's just me but it's hard to "feel and press down". Maybe it should kind of protrude more outward next time. But I don't care, I love it!!!!!!!
R2FJYD18JQSN80	3.0	Slow processing	1	1	This would be a 5 star if were not for the very slow response time. The camera is terrific and I'm already using it freauently. Using games and also connecting to, let's say facebook within the game repeatedly receives an error response of either no network or no response while showing excellent connection when checking Wi-Fi settings. I own more than one type of kindle fire and this one has been the most disappointing and only because processing time is very unpredictable.
R36KLHW1GTAT0Y	1.0	Disappointed	1	1	Very happy with the tablet at first. However, after a few days everything seemed to go wrong. The pictures began to flicker and jump back and forth from Netflix to my home page. The same thing happened while using other APPs. It would not stay on the site. It was out of control. I have decided to return it. I had high hopes for this tablet. It really looks beautiful and the picture is great. It just does not perform the way my other kindles do. Very disappointed !!!
R2D4QUYIQMZTYV	4.0	Great except	1	1	I do like my new Kindle and would have given it a Five Star except I have a hard time turning it off and on. I don't like to let it just sleep unless I know I will be using it a lot, so I turn it off. It takes at least three attempts for it to go off, the statement Are you sure you want to shut down even comes up but it doesn't go off. Then when I try to turn it on the next day or so three or more pushes on the button. But other than this it seems fine.
R32WWFNREFDMXI	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	I am very pleased with the tablet. I would recommend it to anyone.
R6JMMF7QHAJZ7	5.0	Still in discovery mode	1	1	I have only had it two days but so far it is much better than my older Fire. I am still exploring all the apps and have just downloaded two movies for an upcoming flight. This is my third Kindle. I have yet to use the forward facing camera but that was something I always had some IPad envy over. I like the size, ease of returning and scaffolding pages. Ask me again after a month or two when I have my keyboard and have used it for some business things.
R2LENXMA1HX7Z1	5.0	The greatest tablet I,ve owned to date.	1	1	Just a great great tablet. Thank you Amazon I am a happy prowed owner off the fienst tablets i,ve ever owned! For all those negative reviews I say bull hockey. The tablet is GREAT! Exellent build lots off thought went in to making the Fire HD 10.1 lives up to its advertisement to the tee. I whould write more about it but I can,t exspress my self with words. So if you read this you can,t go wroung. I do have one beef though needs a longer power coard.
R28483RJL5CIP1	5.0	Best one yet	1	1	beautiful, love it so much easier to see for older eyes and very simple to operate. This is my 5th or 6th kindle can no longer remember and none of them have disappointed. Guess this makes me a true blue kindle person. Love the ability to switch from games to books and back, have literally hundreds of books on it. I am also able to go from device to device and pick up exactly in the same spot in my books, saves an awful lot of time and trouble.
R3FIB6D47T10Q4	5.0	nice	2	2	Like the size and better viewing. Like a mini computer in my hands
R2JY5C38N705K7	1.0	Not as even good as ipad air 2.	1	1	I was very disappointed about the speed because the ipad air 2 is way faster and it's optimized, I don't recommend this product at all. It is not a replacement from the 2012 kindle fire hd. The camera is also very grainy, it is not 1080p and it lags 1080p, the web browser is very slow, it takes a long time to load up pages and freezes. It is not even made for gaming, when I play Crossy Road, subway surfers and more it constantly lags.
R15QB6737BV4RN	5.0	Love It!	1	1	I am loving my new Kindle. The bigger size is perfect for me. I am not crazy about the camera though as I thought it would be better than it is. It also seems like the battery goes down from 100% pretty fast so I have to admit I have not had the time to properly go through the online manual so any problems I am having might be solved easily enough. This will be my third kindle and I find the support from Amazon to be the very best
R50V7IHG5V8ES	5.0	Great tablet	1	1	I Purchased it for the size . It's much better reading from the 10 tablet then it was the six. I'm enjoying it. I don't understand all the negative comments. It's a great little tablet. Gets you into the Internet quicklyly you can check your email very quickly you can do all the things that you need to do however if you're a super tech person maybe you want to spend $600 on a better tablet but not me not for my use this is perfect.
R8VSJ1G30W8OT	1.0	Kindle10.1	3	4	So so disappointed and let down. This was my fourth kindle, and the only one to let me down. Several attempts before it would switch on, slow load up of applications. It tended to get more than a little warm when charging, and to be honest, not the quality of its previous versions. I have loved my others, but sadly had to return this for a refund. Am hoping something a little more reliable comes next. Sorry amazon, but this was not your usual standard of machine.
R2N364TY9A1FKM	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	fine tablet. only negative is no cellular network conectivity.
R26G6UQDGTAN9L	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Perfect!! works better then expected !! Great for traveling...
R9T9MMQS5QOPH	2.0	9 is probably much better but was told they were no longer available	1	1	The home button is always on the bottom of the tablet and I am constantly hitting the return or home bottom as I hold the kindle by the bottom. If I am playing a card games and I hit the bottom of the screen the game disappears.The touch screen does not always work and the kindle is slow at times opening or playing games. I think the Kindle fire hdx 8.9 is probably much better but was told they were no longer available.
R3D46U1EFBXF0N	5.0	Loving the new Kindle!	1	1	I am really enjoying my new Kindle. This is my 3rd Kindle and each one is much improved over the last. I really love that you can use a micro SD card for storage. You can buy the lower GB device and increase your storage with the SD card. I love the large screen display. I really love that ALL the buttons are on the top of the device! No more turning off the screen by accident when picking it up to move position!
RTZ3PHU7HC3ZN	2.0	Where Is The Mayday Button	7	10	The Fire HD 10is OK for the price. My gripe is that there is no Mayday button as listed in the specs. Called the Amazon support center contact number about the missing Mayday button and got someone who had a very heavy accent (India?) and didn't speak English very well. The phone connection was intermittent and sounded like she was underwater. Couldn't understand much of what she was saying. Had to terminate the call without ever finding out if she was answering my question on the missing Mayday button or not. Update: Returned for refund.
R2OTL0DM1UKMZ2	5.0	Unexplored features.	1	1	I only use it for reading. In that capacity it excels. I have used the original Kindle and the DX Kindle. The Fire HD is a big improvement. I had to "play" with it for a while to discover how it works because there's not much paper documentation. There are helpful e-instructions in the device however. There are features that I haven't tried to explore because I'm happy using it just for reading.
RMESDHYLWFU93	3.0	wait	3	4	I am disappointed in this product. I thought it would be faster but it is slow, the screen freezes, I am kicked out while using some of my apps, I have poor WiFi connection. I wish they had kept the mayday button because doing an on line chat was slow and for me useless. I also wish the collection options for books was included, I don't like having my books lumped together instead of in categories. I wish I had my old kindle back but I gave it away.
R1FYRJFLF2LGBX	5.0	I love my new Amazon Fire tablet	1	1	I love my new Amazon Fire tablet , I wish that I had directions so that I could better understand how to program everything...it is so new and more advanced than any tablet that I have used , but I am learning ". I accidentally ordered a small.tablet and was going to send it back , my husband liked this one so much that he wants to keep it., this is his first , always used a computer ! Thank you very much
RK4TV4XKQC1N0	5.0	I just got it so not quite sure what all it can do but I'm sure I'll love it.	1	1	It's a little early to give a really good review on the product but if it's anything like the Kindle Fire I had before, I can give it 5 stars and be happy with my stance. I do like that this one is bigger/taller and looks really nice. I really like my pretties from Amazon and I'm sure this will be no different. Will be spending a lot of time with it today, Thanksgiving, due to being at the in laws house.
R2G08ZXDWRSOQR	4.0	This one is very nice. It is very fair priced	1	1	My household has bought 8 to 9 Kindle devices thus far. This one is very nice. It is very fair priced, and does what I want it to do, The size is not awkward thus far, and actually likable. It is very light and feels nice in your hand. I like it and I love it when using the Amazon ecosystem. I expect changes to be made as this is a new device and Amazon will make it better, but it's a very nice device.
R2PCL0H7PTQX7C	4.0	Four Stars	2	2	loved good quality pictures ,speakers excellent.im happy...
R2AN709AO7UL7O	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Love it. Bigger and expandable memory. What is notbto love.
R2UQZK49FNIU3N	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	wow this is great love it cant put it down soo easy to use
R13TGGKGCEC2WZ	3.0	Three Stars	2	2	Seems to freeze up a lot. Also hard to swipe to unlock it.
R15L4VXBDP0GHG	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	No surprises/great product/meets my needs and expectations
RPR5VHU45IBI0	5.0	Love it!	2	2	I love it! Beautiful crisp pictures, No problems with it!
R1FBLRV14UK012	1.0	Such a disappointment that I'm considering returning it.	1	1	Freezes up; not intuitive, whatsoever. It's also difficult to use because it's an operating system that is designed to market products. There is no means of customizing your screens. Seriously considering returning it, but I need a large tablet with a decent screen to type college work on when I'm not at home, which is frequent. This tablet is the biggest disappointment I've had in a long time.
R3BQ0JXRCUWYST	3.0	Fire HD 10!	3	4	At first if you read about it , it says that there is Mayday that it is not there you can talk to someone by calling them. The charge will not last as long as it says.It did not last 8 hours. Also had a problem connecting to my printer even down loading the app for it. Was on the phone with tech support for over an hour on Amazon then on with Epson for more then 2hours and still could not get it to work.Disappointed with it.
R1LJ4TLK0SWSN2	5.0	works perfect for me	1	1	My first tablet..i bought primarily for eBooks, especially comic books, so I wanted something roughly the same size as a comic book page...and the ability to watch Netflix, emails etc...works perfect for me...extremely satisfied..i have a smartphone so I don't depend on this kindle for everything, predominantly entertainment..and was surprised at how well I enjoy read regular books on it..
R3H26W2GQLSRPV	2.0	Very Disappointed!!	1	1	I am so very disappointed in this version of the Kindle. It constantly locks up or powers off. It takes several try's to power it back on. It reloads the same software update over and over. I have never had issues with a tablet like I've had with this one. I will be going back to my Kindle HDX 8.9". It has some great features that would be awesome if the problems weren't so bad.
R1AA9CIAKL5UKT	5.0	Great buy and great quality	1	1	This is the third Kindle I have purchased, and I love this one more then the other two. The nice big screen, the ease of use and the really bright and clear colors is great. Also able to get some really nice apps that I could not get with my other Kindles. I'm always telling my friends to get a Kindle, they are really good and last along time. Never had a problem with a one of my Kindle.
R2H8T9N6G30D5S	5.0	fre hd10 inch	2	2	works great. will re-order if necessary. will recommend.
R3RMTNLL3A0S80	3.0	I liked it until it stopped working properly after about 2 ...	3	4	I liked it until it stopped working properly after about 2 weeks, couldn't connect to app store or open any of my already purchased apps, had to reboot over and over and then wasn't able to register it anymore, kept saying there was no wireless connection when there was an excellent connection, even talking to customer service didn't help, had to return kindle, I guess there was a glitch in it, very disappointed
R3H3CAK8RDVWAW	5.0	I love the new fire the bigger screen works better for ...	1	1	I love the new fire the bigger screen works better for my graphic novels and my games. I have not had any issues connecting to the internet. The new interface is different but easy to pick up. The only down side seems to be battery life seems to be half what it was on my 8.9. Now I have made some adjustments and am waiting to see if these changes to some settings affect it.
RQGEL7U595S55	5.0	Best tablet for prime user.	3	4	Update: To all who feel this device is slow, just turn off sdcard, or don't store anything to sdcard except movies and TV shows. sdcard slow read/write speed will slow the device down. Sometimes it's a little bit laggy but even best tablets get laggy too (just want to confirm that it isn't annoying like a lot of people complained here). This device and prime is the best combination. I love the bigger screen which help me enjoy watching movies and reading pdf better. Every prime user should buy one. If you don't have prime account, I recommend to try one month trial, you will love it.
R1N2DOT9VUGOY5	2.0	Disappointed, not what I expected.	1	1	Device is slower than promised. Touch commands require multiple touches to execute the desired command. My 7" Amazon fire acquired o Dr a year ago is much more responsive than this device. My main purpose in purchasing the 10" was for the larger display and to be able to have a 2 way camera, but the slow responses and it's touch responses are very frustrating.
R33V621ZGMA8F1	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	I love this tablet, beautiful display and easy to use!
RG2WLL7KOXM24	5.0	This tablet has been great so far	1	1	This tablet has been great so far. I initially thought a 10 inch would be a little big, but it is not too big. It is a great size. My wife wants one now. This tablet does everything I need it to do. With my amazon prime attached to it, I get to use all of the benefits that come with prime membership. This tablet is better that all of the other tablets I have had.
RPL0856JT8RC7	5.0	Great product!!	3	4	This tablet is very well designed.. It's slim and lite weight.. Easier to carry around unlike an iPad.. And did I mention it's way cheaper too! For $229 you're getting a good product that does everything an iPad does and it's more durable.. I've dropped this new kindle twice so far and nothing has happened to it.. I dropped an iPad once and the screen cracked instantly.. Well worth purchasing!
R2AP5D92D2TVG8	3.0	You get what you pay for!	3	4	This kindle is ok, but not great. I was looking into replacing my Fire HDX 8.9 with an iPad as my 8.9 had lots of issues. When I saw this, it was bigger and way cheaper. Well, you get what you pay for. It is very slow to load and the battery doesn't last very long at all. I've also had some freezing issues and some powering off issues. I should have spent the extra money for an iPad.
R2GHEQVLWWE99N	4.0	You can get most apps for what you need.	1	1	I really like it but am new at all this. I am getting apps now to build my library. I did look for the Xfinity app and it stated it is not compatible with my device. I can take it anywhere and watch my shows and movies so I do like it a lot. I am still working on getting it to have all that I want to use and am having fun learning about it and setting it up.
RW9JYDA27ON19	5.0	love it	1	1	I'm a beginner at using a device like this (65 yrs old) so right now I,m using the basic apps and downloads until I get some lessons on more uses of the Fire HD10. But what I have tried so far on the fire is pretty much explanitory, and I know I will enjoy very much would I recondmend this product absolutely, The price surprised me I thought I would pay more
RSHGN6YWBDH7O	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	My daughter said awesome and she loves it. Case too.
R1TGRHUTVT2WP	5.0	Great tablet for the price.	1	1	The Fire HD 10 is a great upgrade from the HD 8. The screen images are awsome. The screen size is great without being to big for portability. This is my 3rd Fire. I have seen other tablets, compared features and see no reason to pay more for the more expensive tablets. I have actually cut down on the time I spend chained to my computer. Love the Fire 10.
R25V8H6N7IROMX	5.0	Love it!	11	16	I absolutely love it! I had a 2nd edition Kindle Fire 8.9" that I dropped and shattered the screen on last week and started looking around at different tablets and for the money this Kindle Fire 10" is definately your best bet. I watch a ton of movies and TV shows on Netflix and through my Amazon Prime membership and have zero complaints. I don't guess there is a Mayday button, I ididn't have one on my 8.9" and have no need for it now. This is the easiest tablet I have ever used.
R3WVNX87H7Z5H	5.0	My favorite Fire now.	1	1	A beautiful display with a wide aspect ratio. The operating system is upgraded from my previous Fire and it is enjoyable to use. It seems that it is geared to putting everything at your fingertips so you can find things easily, and it is a delight to use. It's like climbing into an expensive sports car and taking it for a spin, yet it is so affordable.
R389Q893LKU095	1.0	made me want to throw immediately to the garbage	2	2	"This device is incompatible with netflix"
R165H0WQ9KPMJD	5.0	Perfect for our needs	1	1	Perfect for our needs. All 3 of our kids have killed laptops in months. But gen 2 Fires still used everyday for 4 yrs. I love the extra memory slot. With the gen 2s they were always figuring out what to uninstall so they could install new games. Only strange thing is we got it as soon as it came out, but out of the box need sys upgrade.
R1WCXFQVK105ZT	4.0	Kindle good in spite of the few I would buy again	1	1	I like the larger screen,but there are a few bugs that need to be worked out. One is the fact that when you're in the middle of a game the kindle will go back to the home screen and you have to go back to the game from the home screen. Other than that I really like the screen size and the prime movies. All and all a good product.
RPG64KQ5ZRCX9	5.0	you can get content easily from amazon	1	1	It's not a high-end tablet (not a "power-statiom"), but fullfils its promise: you can get content easily from amazon.com, you can read color books, comics & graphic novels, watch videos & movies, listen music. If you need a tablet to work or to represent, it's not for you. If you need easy access to amazaon.com, get it!
RYUNJKG9EKBE5	4.0	Very good tablet.	1	1	I got a replacement for my first Fire because it would not shut down by touch. I had to hold the button in and wait for it to go off. The replacement is working better but still has times when it won't shut down. Other than that problem, I love my new Fire. It has a better resolution, is bigger in size and is much lighter.
RPVYS292E64H3	2.0	I was primed and poised to buy one until I ...	5	7	I was primed and poised to buy one until I read the specs. Firstly, it's a wounded processor, probably 60% as powerful as the one in my 10HDX. Second, it only adds 1/2" or so in screen width, so it's just not worth the expense to upgrade. The second Amazon puts out a significantly improved product, I will spring. They need to improve battery life too.
R3NW2O33K2JZVB	1.0	Very Poor Software	9	13	Bought a Fire tablet several years ago and was disappointed in the software. Decided to try the Fire HD 10 and immediately ran into the same problems - terrible browser, lousy email app, lousy photo app, and an app store with very little in it. Would not recommend this device to anyone. Fire HD 10, 10.1" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB - Includes Special Offers, Black
RVFHGQ7CJ1NOG	5.0	You can't go wrong.	1	1	Had bought an 8.9 for my wife last year, and can't get it away from her for long enough for me to play with it. The 10 may not have quite all the bells and whistles but I am sure liking it so far. It actually does some things faster than the 8.9 and to me the picture quality is just great. The price was right too.
R32I2UQ5NHN5FX	5.0	We love the Fire HD 10	1	1	We love the Fire HD 10. It is great except we have one problem. The items that we type under search, we cannot bring them to the home page so can be brought up every time. If we enter something such as PGA Scoreboard, we bring it up that one time but does not go to the home page so we can continue bringing up.
RVK3FFZJL6TIL	3.0	fire 10 ok	1	1	Not that fast, video quality is ok not great, a little slow. You get what you pay for, it is a tablet for a Amazon prime member which I am. WiFi is good i have broadband 100mg down and 10 down. This tab gets 75down, 6 Bluetooth does good also. Mirroring to another device works great. Overall it's ok for the price
R1C0NDN8SWR4TO	2.0	not as good as previous generation	1	1	I have had every kindle there is and this one disappoints. The volume is not good. The buttons are not very responsive. It needs to be restarted often. Barely more than a month old and the pins in the kindle where the charger plugs in bent. This kindle is being replaced due to the bent pins. I do like the size.
R2FK5V723BTF8A	5.0	We are faithful Fire users	1	1	This is our 5th Fire, we were one of the first to buy the original 7" back in 2011. I have this one with a 16gb memory + 16gb card, my husband has the 4th one. We love this product and it handles all of the needs we require of a portable tablet. We have been and continue to be faithful users of the Fire.
R31VEOFNMBXP6S	5.0	Very Satisfied Amazon Prime Customer	1	1	Amazon improved a product that had very little room for improvement. The memory card slot was the only reason I ordered a new kindle, my HDX was fine. This is the 6th Kindle I'ved had and I have had ZERO problems with any of them. I don't expect to buy another one for a while unless it is for the grandson.
R2695FZF4W9H73	5.0	Sharp!	1	1	This is a very sharp piece of technology. I upgraded from an older Fire and was impressed by the look and feel of the new model. It arrived in record time and was beautifully packaged. I recommend it highly for the reading experience alone, not to mention the video viewing or music listening experiences.
R3L6C3GP2HDIDC	5.0	Fire HD 10, 10.1" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 32 GB-...Amazon	1	1	Oh Boy!! Do I ever love this Fire! It is just like having my own movie screen. I was not prepared for the improvement over my other Fire. This was my gift to me, and what a wonderful gift it is. Anyone thinking of an upgrade in power or a first purchase, think of this Fire HD 10. You will be delighted!
R2EF1UH9DYN1XG	5.0	It is beautiful. Screen is large and veiw is very clear ...	3	4	It is beautiful. Screen is large and veiw is very clear and sharp. Still learning how to use it. I think ear budsor phones should be included. Surprized they weren't. Also i like wtiien instructions. I wanted to call for help and your telephone numbers aren't easy to find. In spite of these frustions I love it.
R3M08SHWDBEUEN	1.0	Defective 2X	3	4	The first one I ordered had a defective screen, and the replacement one they sent had a defective camera. This is when I decided I didn't want a Fire anymore. On another point, I don't like all the ads they place everywhere, and it doesn't run Google or Apple apps or software. I guess you get what you pay for.
R2AC60R9EMMNW1	3.0	disappointed to learn that there is no mayday feature unlike ...	1	1	disappointed to learn that there is no mayday feature unlike my HDX7. I would not have purchased ii if I knew. Also, the case/stand does not fold in the middle like my HDX 7 which i liked better. Unit does not shut off the first time i try. Sometimes takes several attempts.
R6BMX2J3Y579K	3.0	Love it...if it would turn on.	1	1	While I really like the format of the device, it seems to have a critical bug where it won't power on after charging. The device itself is light weight, widescreen with great resolution and very slim. It feels better than an iPad Air. But that is all for naught if it doesn't turn on.
R3MAR4JZRS9PSZ	5.0	Kindle is the now and the future.	1	1	I'm sure it's pilot error but I'm having a little trouble with streaming. Cuts out frequently.Since I live in a rural area I don't want to blame the Kindle. Still, all my others stream fine. I love Kindle. I'd buy another in a heartbeat. I have six. Does that tell you something?
R1LNTELACYR2W8	5.0	The Fire HD is much better than I had hoped	1	1	In 2013, I purchased a Fire HDX 8.9 and recently, I felt I had outgrown its properties. The Fire HD is much better than I had hoped. We also bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 and after comparing the two, I chose the new Fire, with its larger print and absolutely no ads.
R3EG53W07VG2PQ	4.0	HD 10 Love it	1	1	Still getting to know my way around it. After having a HDX Kindle it is not hard.m Ordered a 2nd one for friend. Paired both up with an awesome stand that has a heavy base stand. And added an Executive brief case with Bluetooth keyboard and zips closed.
R291C9VKD11IOY	4.0	10" HD Fire fablet	1	1	Seems very slow compared to the 8.9". One is labeled _________ 4th Kindle and the other ________4th Fire. Are they competing for the same things when they are on, usually not at the same time! Setup was easy but the design of the apps, favorites, etc seems cumbersome.
RSR9B43RUSHZ1	5.0	great tablet	1	1	This a wonderful tablet. It has a lot of new features and a wonderful screen. It has all of what you would expect of a Fire Tablet. I have been an Amazon tablet buyer for many years and they just keep getting better. All of the new features with their music is great.
RMX3TD979BK14	4.0	so good. I am still learning	1	1	So far, so good. I am still learning. Love the movies best. All my email didn't load from my laptop. I have it set up for personal, social, and business. I believe I will really enjoy when I get more time to figure it out. This is my first "tablet".
R3LTHJN7LB1SK5	1.0	Sorry I got it	4	5	sorry I got it......cant figure it out
R2JUQB4E5VHFMJ	4.0	very good but lack of dictionary	1	1	This is my second Kindle Fire. This one didn't come with a dictionary. I use my Kindle for reading and miss being able to check definitions quickly and easily. This is the only problem I have with it. Otherwise, it works well and I like it very much.
R1YM38XPYZ6UG	2.0	Poor wifi connectivity	1	1	Everything about this product was great - really loved the size. But, the wifi connectivity was horrible. My old Dell laptop and my older Fire 8.9 had much better connectivity from the exact same spot in the house. Due to that issue I sent it back.
R38F1Z560Q2SSW	3.0	Disappointed	0	0	There isn't much I can say about this tablet. I purchased it for my mother, who loves to watch movies and read books and I was REALLY disappointed. I'll start with the Screen, it looks amazing, I don't see why ppl complain about the HD or size itself but the colors are beautiful and bright. The tablet itself is beautiful sleek and surface glass feels strong. My problem wasn't with the casing of the tablet but the programming itself. Right off the bat when I booted it off it took 10 mins to start and then turned off again. After I got it to work with Wi-fi (The set up isn't bad but easy) I noticed how slow it was getting from just surfing the internet and switching to e-books. You can't have more then 3 things in a the background or you'll have yourself a lagging even frozen mess! The sound on the device is VERY powerful, you don't even need headphone cause the duo speakers are so loud. But that only last so long because for some reason (and I'm not sure if it's my tablet alone) the sound will jump from full volume to half. Watching a movie with max volume with headphones or not it will lower it to 50% and it's at random! The thing is the volume menu will tell you it's at 100% but you can only hear it about half. So the sound itself is mess up. Some games play and some just are a mess of lag. Camera is okay, but even at HD they look blurry.The battery life says up to 8 hours but from 100% till 20 it was only 4 1/2, and that was after 1 movie itself! Tbh for $229 your better off waiting for the new Samsung tablet to go on sale cause this kindle is NOT worth it. I also bought the Kindle Fire 7 with this tablet for myself and for $50 that tablet is WAY better then this one alone. Maybe for $125 or something, just not for $229.
R1DTYFIK6MN70L	5.0	Great Tablet for Older Folks	2	3	Bought for large screen for elderly user and the big screen makes all the difference in the world. While this display is "inferior" to the HDX higher pixel density and, to my eye, better color along with the HDX 8.9's overall better picture quality for watching high quality videos, this 10" tablet is EXCELLENT for viewing large text (we set text size to HUGE) and easy for elderly to read text and view photos that still look very good and easy for elderly to manipulate context on the screens. I would also recommend a stylus type device with proper rubber tips for capacitance tablets to use for typing and selection of links, etc. because elderly have problems just using their hands and women with slightly long finger nails can't make proper contact with the screen. Overall, the tablet has behaved well, but on occasion it may not respond to proper taps on the screen. For example, a good tap on the arrow at top of email area to go back to previous screen did NOT respond after several attempts. We then used the tablet's master/system "Back" button arrow at the bottom of the tablet and we then were taken to previous screen. So, this seems something Amazon will have to tweak in upcoming firmware downloads considering how NEW this tablet still is. I have not come across any other reported problems, but the non-response to one selection on screen can be a bit disconcerting/annoying, but I am keeping it because it still works well overall, is good large display and I've seen Amazon fix such problems like this on older Amazon tablets I own that now run problem free. Amazon, it seems, is still working the bugs out on this tablet, but the tablet was introduced very recently. One thing to keep in mind with this generation tablet is that it does support and allow off-loaded memory for your content. So, you might be willing to give up the HDX's supreme, beautiful display for TV/Movies for this HD's ability to accept off loaded content. If you are looking for best quality display for high quality video content, then the HDX 8.9 is still the king; it is an HDX, after all. However, if you just need the screen and text and display to be big, then this tablet display does the job very well and for much less money than other reputable brands of tablets.
R2DOAKGX7OQZZ6	5.0	Love it	1	1	Loving my Fire HD 10. I am not really tech savvy but I am not having a problem navigating my new Fire. However, I am still somewhat attached to by old basic Kindle reader. I am of a certain age and there are not alot of people my age tech savvy.
RR9GRD3Q1VLK6	5.0	Love it!	1	1	I have had my new kindle for 4 days and I love it!! I have not seen the issues others have. My kindle has not frozen or needed a reboot. I love the new OS. I am extremely glad a made this purchase. It is my 4th kindle and my favorite so far.
ROWU4QLDBRRJW	5.0	OMG	3	4	I recieved my fire hd 10.1 on yesterday.I AM SHOUTING IT TO THE WORLD..IT IS SOMETHING YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO LIVE WITHOUT...I CANT STOP KISSING MY FIANCE FOR THE PURCHASE..I AM HYPED.ITS LIKE NO TABLET YOU'VE EVER OWNED BEFORE..10 STAR AMAZON...
R53FQJIBVP2G3	5.0	This is great I had an original ipad 1st gen and kept ...	1	1	This is great I had an original ipad 1st gen and kept it for the longest but could not see spending 700 to 800 dollars for a new one this has enough memory on it for what i need for a whole lot less money than an ipad and screen size is great
R38TYKI0WU1899	5.0	Love It	1	1	I am so enjoying my Fire HD 10. So far everything has worked well. I have watched TV shows and read books so far. I know I will branch out and try other things soon. I am 74 years old and am amazed at what this device can do and do well.
R3PYLBXPWSF0IA	5.0	I love this, I got it to watch videos on ...	1	1	I love this, I got it to watch videos on and it is perfect for that. Good range. Good battery life. This is my 5th Kindle Fire ( I have the original, a 7HD, 7HDX, the 6 and this one. The 6 functions as an MP3 Player in my car with Rhapsody.
R2V8BPHA6TCUB7	4.0	Touch screen not the best.	1	1	Love the screen size. Reading and gaming is easier to see. Many good apps available. The only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars was the touch screen. I find that it is sometimes doesn't respond and I have to tap muliple times to connect.
R21M3EGEV6EXKX	5.0	Thank you Amazon.	1	1	Thank goodness Amazon is making a larger version of their great Kindle product. The older I get the more I find the need for larger print. Now I can read my e-mails, shop, etc. without having to squint while wearing reading glasses!
R1HHCICIBEH4RL	5.0	I like the new home design and function	1	1	Amazingly lightweight. This bigger screen Fire HD 10 is lighter than my Kindle Fire 8.9. I like the new home design and function. Be sure to get the Amazon case it will hold a portrait or landscape position in place. Love it!
R1R62FWVP016ZS	5.0	It has been great using it	1	1	It has been great using it. I enjoy the large view of the screen. Will love the fact that I no longer will have to drag along a lap top on my next trip away from home.I will look into getting the case with the built-in keyboard.
R2JQ0WDWYFKO7B	1.0	Wrong the 5th Generation kindle has been stripped of the apps I'm used to & liked best. World not 're purchase	1	1	This Kindle I purchased because I own a 7" Kindle. I'm thinking okk ALL that in a 10"'. Wrong the 5th Generation kindle has been stripped of the apps I'm used to & liked best. World not 're purchase .Very Disappointed.
R3GG0RXXYFPN74	5.0	Happy Kindle User	1	1	For my internet and reading habits, this tablet does everything I need. After losing my 8.9 HD Kindle, I thought I'd give this one a try. At half the price, I've been very happy. Lightweight, easy to handle, and easy to use.
R38WKRXZI6OP2X	5.0	Great device!	1	1	I really didn't need this new Kindle but now that I have it I'm really enjoying the size of the screen. It's great for watching shows or movies. I also like being able to add wallpaper, etc. It has some very nice features.
R115Y5BO4W5M4S	4.0	Awesome devise	1	1	I am still new with this devise however i love it. I love the large screen and how crisp the movies i watch on come across. The only down side is the speakers i wish they could be in the front for better hearing quality.
RKU2PTKRBT3B1	3.0	I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for the hd 10 ...	1	1	I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for the hd 10 and couldn't wait to get it. I have the 6inch and have been happy with it. The resolution on the HD 10 is sub par and it is slow to load websites. I returned it.
R1EDNWMP2Y6LV	4.0	Somewhat pleased	1	1	This is certainly much nicer than the regular 2nd Gen Kindle I have, but videos constantly stop and buffer and I expected better performance with a quad core processor. The display is nice and I like the larger screen.
R3FJYR0Z3UVS2D	5.0	AWESOME BEST KINDLE YET!	1	1	I bought this for my Dad and he absolutely Loves it!! The ExtraBenefits of HBO Go Showtime on the Go & Netflix is a huge benefit.. Above all it IS a Great alternative to the IPad I was going to buy him! Half the Price!
R1VOMCYU7TBS6R	4.0	Four Stars	2	2	Little bit of lag on the device
R2UC1FHDNU46SS	3.0	I like it but didn't give it top marks because I've ...	1	1	I like it but didn't give it top marks because I've been trying to adjust the brightness of the book pages and or the color which I could do easily on my other Fire but I can't find how to do on this one. Frustrating.
RY932FPDK9S41	4.0	Bigger Fire.	1	1	Nice large screen for those of us with poor vision. Doesn't work quite the same as the smaller Fire. I also noticed a few apps and games that I have available on the 7 inch Fire aren't accessible on this larger model.
R3R7O8CVPK0RBD	5.0	I really like it!	1	1	I think the Fire HD 10 is great. I was worried that I wouldn't know how to use it right away because of the changes from the previous Fires, but it was easy to learn. I would recommend it to my friends and family!
R12OIJ48686OYO	4.0	Good tablet, great price.	1	1	I love the size and thinness. A case is a definite necessity. Wifi signal has not been the greatest; however, I have watched a few videos and was pleased. I am very happy with my purchase. Camera is also very nice.
R1PTB83ELTGR08	4.0	other than that it is a pretty good tablet	3	4	I thought the screen was bigger,should of checked dimensions 1st also has alot of amazon apps loaded already.other than that it is a pretty good tablet.has sharp picture quaility.Had no problems so far.
R29DS1ZRGGQ61T	2.0	Would not recommend.	1	1	Touch screen only worked sometime. Tried to set screen to the landscape mode, but it continued to go back to the portrait mode. The screen would not rotate even in the rotate mode. Would not recommend.
RE3BSG0Q04DZY	1.0	Big step backward for Fire performance.	1	1	Poor battery life, weak wi fi connectivity, clunky apps. This is a real step backwards. This is my third Fire and I have had three kindles. Love my paperwhite I'll be looking into returning this clunker.
R3PUEEKZOJQ2WY	4.0	Having a few problems but your support team is great. If I can get all the kinks figured ...	1	1	I'm still playing with the device and learning. Having a few problems but your support team is great. If I can get all the kinks figured out I know I will love it. I can at least see on the bigger screen.
R14HP35257LN6Q	5.0	Love the larger screen	1	1	Love the larger screen. Easy to navigate applications. This is my 4th kindle and I love it. My only complaint (minor) are that the pier and volume buttons are a little hard to press. I give it a five
R1AAL86WX86EUY	5.0	My favorite Fire kindle!	1	1	This is my fourth kindle fire, also my favorite. It is thin and lightweight. The tablet is easy to use, you wont miss mayday. Doesn't heat up when playing games like my 8.9 does. Very happy with it.
R1027TBVSHXY1W	5.0	Love my fire	1	1	Love my fire, except I tried to order a case for it and that has been a big joke. It's to hard to find any accessory's for it unless you buy online. Oh I tried that and has been nothing but a joke.
RDCX85EOAG6UJ	4.0	So far I think I am going to like this device a lot	1	1	So far I think I am going to like this device a lot.I am still learning how to use it.Seems to be some slower than my kindle 7. I hope it is just me getting use to it.Love the larger screen.
R36HDRRLQKD7EY	1.0	Disappointing	3	4	Return the fire HD 10 it didn't work right would not turn on and then a blue screen would come on when I tried to it. to work very disappointed because all my other kindle operation perfect.
R38B8Q3IXZJ3AP	5.0	It's what I've been waiting for at a price I ...	1	1	It's what I've been waiting for at a price I can afford. I'm loving it! Everything from my first fire has transformed over. They stay in sync with each other. Thank you for this model finally!
RO449B1VRD3IN	5.0	Great.	2	2	I Love it need I say more!!
RUJOGOF15FF56	3.0	Good, but not great	1	1	Not a bad tablet... A little slower than I expected, but the expandable memory is a huge plus. I'm hoping there will be some O.S. updates that will make the user interface and speed better.
R1C862LOICS2QT	3.0	all in all my little old 7 inch one a much better	3	4	Not impressed.Slown connection.This is my 3d Kindle and the least successful one Battery life also leaves a lot to be desired .all in all my little old 7 inch one a much better product
R3FVYYQO0Y010Q	5.0	Love it so far!	1	1	I've only had my new 10" kindle for a week but so far I love it. It's so nice to read on. Only thing I haven't figured out yet is how to get apps off my home screen that I don't use.
R1V6NOI2XU6XPU	1.0	and this is the WORST ever. Very slow	5	7	I have every Kindle made, some I have 2 of, and this is the WORST ever. Very slow, it frustrates me so much. I dislike this Kindle immensely. I would not recommend buying it.
RVHLG9VYT7VLK	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Very happy with this item!
R2VI73A66W60Q0	5.0	Love it so far!	1	1	Even though I just bought it and just started a playing with it I am in love with it so far. Very nice product. Had one of the first fires and I must say this is quite an advancement.
R3UPB2OAD34TX1	5.0	Read, Watch, Work	1	1	Love it. Bought it to read books and watch movies; which it does very well. But realized it also is a very small book computer computer. Numerous apps and online abilities.
R17Y4MBSNSUC1C	3.0	A disappointment	0	0	My experience with devices and operating systems has been limited to the iPad Air and the Samsung S5. The iPad is currently operating on iOS9 and the Samsung S5 is, of course, an Android device. Both of these devices' operating systems are supremely capable and satisfying. The Fire HD also operates on the android OS; however, it is a highly modified OS, which means it is not fully compatible with Android. This means that apps and functioning are extremely limited because of Amazon's modifications. I also find the OS on the Fire to be slower than that on the iPad and it's ability to capture a Wi-Fi link also to be less capable. They Fire does have a larger screen and viewing of movies is a little more satisfying because it almost emulates a 9:16 ratio. Another advantage that the Fire has over the iPad is price. The Fire is much less expensive than even the cheapest iPad, and its memory is expandable to 128 GB. If you can live without the apps that you can purchase from either the Apple Store or the Google Play Store, I suppose this would be a suitable alternative. Another alternative might be the Galaxy Tab, which I believe is also expandable to 128 GB, and pricewise it's probably somewhere in between the Fire and the iPad.
R34PSCAV7VFIC5	5.0	I love it!	1	1	So many features to learn about and it's great. I like the light weight, the large screen, and the sound just to mention a few of the features! Well worth the purchase price!
R11WLR4Q2ZLHH2	4.0	Still learning how to navigate around but very easy once I got the hang of it	1	1	My first real tablet and reader all in one. Still learning how to navigate around but very easy once I got the hang of it. If you had a tablet before this is a real good buy.
RZ4RP9O1GL2AF	2.0	Flaws in operating system ?	1	1	Returned after 10 days because the carousel screen went black. Could only access settings. Had to factory reset to regain control. Lost all my installs and personal settings.
R1HJLGIAD9D0W3	5.0	amazing clarity for reading articles and downloaded books	1	1	The Fire HD 10 is everything I was looking for in a tablet and more. As a person with diminishing eyesight the clarity for reading far exceeds any other device I have tried.
RA6T4MV7IK5RL	4.0	A lot of bang for the buck. I need ...	1	1	A lot of bang for the buck. I need a large clear display. The 10" tablet was large enough, but I am returning it in favor of the 8.9" HDX with more pixels per inch.
R2USZJTQ2XFOBA	5.0	I really liked that you moved the plug-in to the side	1	1	I really liked that you moved the plug-in to the side, but am disappointed that the battery doesn't last longer on the kindle fire 10 than it does on the kindle fire 8.9
R2P2271FKDIBHM	1.0	A TURN FOR THE CHEAP, NOR MORE MAYDAY BUTTON!! design and fit and finish just awful, NO MORE US CUSTOMER SERVICE	8	12	NO MAYDAY? Now off-shore customer service? I misplaced my kindle 8.9 hdx which I love and purchased this one to replace it. Well the design is just plain awkward. It really is no different than using my Dell 2 in one as a tablet. A bit unwieldy but certainly not worth paying for pretty much the same thing. I was looking for the mayday button and it has apparently been deleted along with the service people in the US who were terrific. You have to call, get in cue and you end up speaking with someone in "the carribean" or wherever--who had no clue what a mayday button was and why I wanted one. So my reliable Kindle has now been redesigned to be cumbersome in my hands--it's way too long. the make of the plastic, etc. seems much cheaper-low end, throw away. I am sending this back and I'll rely on my Dell 2 in one. with the Dell I pay extra for US customer service which keeps my blood pressure lower and saves me time. I guess Amazon doesn't make enough profits and they had to cheap out the Kindle,
R1SJBZ78RI4KAR	5.0	Love it. Everything is at the present time still ...	1	1	Still loading and configuring. Love it. Everything is at the present time still much of a surprise. Being a Prime Member is essential to effective use of this product.
R2SQTWINAZGH0E	3.0	Needs improvement	1	1	Tablet was much slower than expected. Keyboard option was not appearing even after clicking multiple times on a window to type. Overall a disappointment. Returned it.
R25ZWLQD0QZ6OC	5.0	I couldn't be happier with this	1	1	Oh, I couldn't be happier with this. I am so darned busy that I have resorted to listening to Audible books at work just so I can keep up with my reading addiction.
R1QE9F89VIBNWL	5.0	Fire-tastic	1	1	This is one great Fire and it has so much more to it than the previous models and the picture and resolution on here is simply sumptuous and stunningly beautiful!!!
RBU3CHHKBDZNF	5.0	Kindle	1	1	My last Kinde Fire was the first gen. I liked and enjoyed it, but I decided to try this larger screen. It is all that is expected from Amazon's line up of tablets.
R2N9FVZI3CXRG9	5.0	Good value and easy to use	2	3	There is usually something to find fault with about a new device and the Fire 10 is no exception. But to begin I have to say that the device by and large is exceptional. I do however find some flaws. The menu screen is confusing at first, if you press on the game icon you are taken to a download screen and you have to press open a second time but if you hit open, it opens. What is the purpose of two ways to open a game? I had some minor problem telling whether the orange or white toggle meant on or off, sometimes you have to go to the adjust apps section when purchaseing something to reset the purchasing facility of the devicew which changes by itself, you can't adjust the sensitivity to your touch, and some of the games I play didn't sync and I lost all progress I had achieved. The camera is great, printing is much easier than on the 8.9 and it comes with a fast charger. Underground is wonderful, with it games are free and so is in app purchasing. This is a very nice tablet and well worth the cost. I highly recommend for all ages and for an older senior, it is very used friendly.
R2D3USQP9CF7NG	5.0	love it love it	7	10	Love it. Love the new set up. A little slow but worth the price. The hdx will always be better but that one is almost $500. So it's wonderful
R3N3QH5K1E0D2Y	2.0	Dont recomend it.	1	1	Not happy. Thereis something wrong with it. I will be on a site and it suddenly goes somewhere else. I have only had it about two weeks. .Im very unhappy with it
RH1L4L0WDAKAX	5.0	Kindle 10	1	1	This is my 4 kindle my whole family likes them . We use them instead of our laptop. I like that the new kindle have a place for a memory card for extra storage.
R20RFEU5JTO55O	4.0	it's a winner	4	6	Works perfect for me. The screen size is excellent, the resolution is not the best but works well with movies and tv shows. The email works well. Love to read articles, contracts, documents,... in this screen. That will make a huge difference for me. It's light and thin. The new system is an improvement, very good and clever. It does not having Mayday, which I suppose will change. The cameras are ok for a tablet, anyway I only use it for the chats and the front camera works well. The back of the tablet is bright, it does not get dirty or getaways I thought but already ordered a skin for protection and better grab. It's very clever that he volume buttons work depending he orientation. My only concern is he speed of the processor. My 6"HD is a lot faster. It does not make any sense why Amazon chose this processor, but I hope that it will improve with an update. With a faster processor this tablet would be a killer. I own and use at the moment an iPad 3, iPhone 6+, Kindle fire 6HD, Fire Phone and a Kindle Voyage.
RA7X9WS5ERMI6	5.0	The 10 inch Fire is a joy to use	1	1	The 10 inch Fire is a joy to use. Clear and with the large screen everything from movies to video games comes to life. So glad they have one in that size.
R352C3XFJE9G3W	4.0	mostly a good buy	1	1	I'm still getting used to my new kindle. The only problem I have is that while I'm doing something it will jump back to a previous page or to the home screen.
R2FNHP4C5FG4O3	4.0	Very pleased with Kindle, however stronger battery would be recommended	1	1	Very pleased with picture, functionality, and speed. I was however hoping the battery would hold up better. My kindle hdx 8" had much better battery life.
RWAHP0JZF22O0	3.0	Sometimes the screen does not respond to my touch. ...	3	4	Sometimes the screen does not respond to my touch. The battery doesn't last as long as I think it should. Now you are offering it for $199.
R3L09LOW80RKFA	3.0	Increase the RAM	1	1	It appears from the reviews that the Fire HD 10, 10.1" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB needs more RAM. Is it possible to increase the RAM before purchase?
R3P5OX6H9IJMQR	3.0	The tablet is slow in connecting to the Internet. ...	1	1	The tablet is slow in connecting to the Internet. The display screen is large enough for my liking. The light weight of the tablet is also an advantage
R3P5DZKLWVB9S8	4.0	I was disappointed in no initial directions to get me to the ...	1	1	I was disappointed in no initial directions to get me to the Start-up instructions. I would have preferred a step by step direction upon opening the boxes.
RNIRP14FGI438	5.0	Student	1	1	Great tablet for the price. My only complaint is that it isn't very quick when I am looking at the browser but I mostly use it for reading and note taking.
R296OW95RAD945	3.0	I don't think the wifi is all that good. Battery life could be better	1	1	Wasn't quite what I expected. I don't think the wifi is all that good. Battery life could be better. No actual "Mayday" button like the HDX 9.1. When compared to the Kindle 8.9 HDX there is no contest. The only thing the HD 10.1 has is it's screen size. The HDX is much faster and does wifi much better. I have both. If it wasn't too late i would return the HD 10.1.
RVSS69IQM0S86	5.0	Review of all Reviews-Buy this tablet	0	0	This is an amazing product, despite tech reviews I've encountered on the web. If you are looking for an entertainment device that is reasonably priced start with this. I've found the web browsing to be fast, download speed to be superior even at 40 feet from my router. Tech reviews stated the item feels cheap because of the plastic, and my rebuttal is well all plastic is cheap because it's cheap to manufacture and it's durable and practically made from the same process, so if you come across that review that guy is a moron. Screen resolution is amazing despite tech reviews. Cameras are good quality and hands down much better than your .03mp front 2.0m rear. Along with the quality I believe to be a bargain for what you get, comes the Amazon perks. SO if you have all your music and books already on your Amazon account then you will have them on this tablet. Despite what tech reviews say the Amazon SILK browser is fast and allows for the same opportunities of browsing as your others. Don't forget to check out Amazon APP Store because it has all the same stuff Google Play does.
R2MJV38N81O6L4	3.0	e-mail fix	3	4	Why can't I turn off e-mail? Or if I check e-mail why won't it delete it from my acct so I don't have to delete it from my phone and laptop too?
R266BT0BJ1UGT	4.0	Very easy to use, solid tablet	2	3	This is my second tablet the first being a windows based Dell. I decided i only needed a tablet for email, reading, facebook etc and didn't need the horsepower of a windows tablet. Anyway i dropped the other tablet several times which made the touch screen AND the keyboard not work. This tablet does everything I need. Its functionality is all about the apps. Because it's new many apps have not been validated. I suggest loading and trying the app. if it doesn't do what you want then contact user support at Kindle who have been fantastic. They have kept me on the line while they try apps on this new device and then recommend one and they have been spot on so far. Only downside i have found so far is that when i download books they stay on the home page for a very long time and have been told there is no way to delete the icons from the home page. They take up valuable real estate. Other than that it's got very good battery life. decent camera and sound and the tech support is great. The holder is very solid too.
R30TQDMQY8M3AP	2.0	Not Impressed	4	6	i was extremely excited to purchase a new tablet, after having the Nexus 10 for the past 3 years. I thought it would be a great upgrade as i cant watch any amazon prime movies etc on the Nexus tablet. The Fire HD is very sleek and light, which is great but hard to get a good grip on it without it easily flinging out of your hands and me being frightened that a firm grip on it it will easily bend or break the product. I do not like the amazon app store, as it doesn't even compare to android lollipop (which i guess makes me biased after using my Nexus tablet for so long). my biggest gripe is the battery life. its horrible. I can charge it to 100%, with the charger supplied, and it will be at 80% w/in 1 hour of use. The most activity is going to be from youtube videos, facebook and web browsing. no game playing, at all. I do like the easy access to amazon prime videos, music & unlimited book...but i wouldn't recommend it to anybody.
R348BKKNL9VGPK	5.0	Very pleased with my Fire HD 10 has more than met ...	1	1	Very pleased with my Fire HD 10 has more than met my expectation this was my 5th Kindele/ Amazon I have purchased, so for this has been the best one.
R3R2FEH7CDMRL8	2.0	Disappointed	1	1	Very disappointed with the Fire HD 10. It is slow to respond and I can't think of anything it does better than the HD8. In fact the reverse is true.
R2B55IMG5J7I6Y	3.0	Good Tablet but software not so good yet	1	1	Very good tablet, but even the applications are not compatible or not work well, for example app-closing youtube and netflix still can not install.
R3SQSCIIZBGBY0	5.0	Easy to use	1	1	It has been so easy to use.The bigger screen is really nice. I have used my 8.9 for over 2 years and have come to rely on it for almost every the.
RS8HJUSM200DP	4.0	Good Overall	1	1	I like the updates and feel of the new fire. The one downside is there is not a setting allowing the screen to automatically adjust to brightness.
R1JAKUDJORBL0N	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Just what I expected
R2GNIQ4AYVQHKX	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Love it perfect size
R2BY1S3GA0411Z	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Liked the Fire HD 10
RRMUAQZEQUFFL	5.0	Great value	3	4	I LOVE it, the entertainment valve, is fantastic, nice features, Amazon prime it's the best value for merchandise, movies, and books.
RJ3NFHR2J4O4Y	5.0	love it!	1	1	Great size, although it did take some getting used to. Great screen resolution. Very easy to use if you are familiar with an android device.
R11AH0LIA2KCL7	5.0	Very pleased with the new Fire HD 10 I purchased	1	1	Very pleased with the new Fire HD 10 I purchased. It is fast so Movies can be streamed with no buffering and the picture is spectacular.
R3MIHGKZOJ7OLH	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Love my new kindle!
R2Z6MLQIS8W7YX	2.0	Not what I was hoping for.	2	3	I should have done a better job of researching this tablet. This is the second Kindle Fire I have used. I did the "try it for 30 days" promotion last year about this time. The decision to send it back was easy. I bought the Fire HD 10 because I lost my iPad and thought I could get the same basic functionality in the Fire. I was wrong. I was expecting to find a similar collection of apps in the App Store but it is weak. It is missing many of the apps I used on the iPad. For example I looked for the United Airlines app but what I found was a "United" app that looked and smelled like malware - no real features and poorly rendered photos. There were no other airline apps (Southwest and Delta) either. I will keep this device as my primary eReader but I will be looking at other tablets - both the iPad as well as Android tablets that can access the Google Play Store.
R2PHH3SZ4HELQ3	5.0	Larger screen	1	1	Taking a little bit to get use to, but all in all, I like the larger screen. I watch a lot of videos, so the larger screen is great.
R34SXBVNNKIJ1Q	1.0	Do you want to be held hostage?	4	6	I wanted a tablet that was not as expensive as an ipad, but would give basic functionality and would be great to read books and magazines on. Basic functionality to access websites is fine, but unlike ipad where you can access your own subscriptions to magazines and have them easily available to read, this tablet only does that for subscriptions you buy through Amazon and they don't have apps for many magazines so you can't access through an app. I would only get this if ALL your purchases are through Amazon. I realize that is Amazon's strategy, but frankly I don't want to be tied in to them for everything in my life. Don't get me wrong - I really do like Amazon and frequently buy from the site, but I resent being held hostage. Tablet immediately returned - was nice they didn't charge me return postage.
R3NI7G5G6QWWY8	2.0	Great tablet without access to the essential software	2	3	The hardware is perfect. The restricted access to software is spoiling the user experience. No browser available apart from Silk. No microsoft office app although it is available on the Google Play store and my Office 365 subsription would entitle me to installation. Word online does not function on the Silk browser either. Everything is done to restrict the user to a certain subset of software. The Washington Post app is preinstalled but no New York Times app available in the store although a very nice Android app exists. This seems like a very indelicate attempt to force users to read the Washington Post which has just been bought by Mr. Bezos. Overall the limitations in the software spoil what could be a nearly perfect tablet. Here I can only suggest users to invest 100 $ more and buy an android tablet which provides unrestricted access to all the available software.
R3MNCMCCT1JEWP	2.0	Video and picture quality is great but the battery life is awful	1	1	Video and picture quality is great but the battery life is awful; fully charged the battery will last approximately 1 1/2 hours.
R735PDGNXUAEE	3.0	NOT UP TO USUAL AMAZON QUALITY	2	3	The new Kindle Fire HD 10 is not as much "WOW" as I expected from Amazon. The display is superb, no doubt about it, and sound quality is greatly improved. However, I have experienced problems with everything else. Glitches in playing some video, touch screen response is sluggish at times, and it lacks prior versions user-friendliness. Some options are unavailable that were easily accessible in earlier versions, and others are difficult to find. All of this may just be the initial bugs found in new releases and could be fixed in updates. It's for this reason that I normally don't buy new tech until it's been on the market for a while. But, this time I succumbed to the lure of a larger display screen. Customer Service did not resolve the streaming video issue I experienced. If I continue to have problems, I'll return the unit.
R6GHQCCPG9FW8	3.0	It's ok, not great.	1	1	I don't like it as well as my 7". It's heavy, and harder to find my kindle books, finding a certain page on my books, etc.
R1MTDHCL5S4TRQ	5.0	This is a great product for the price	1	1	This is a great product for the price. I wish the United App would work though and looking forward to Amazon fixing this issue.
RDSX059P0KAD8	5.0	I love my new kindle fire HD 10	1	1	It's exactly what I was looking for in a tablet. From the size to the ease of use to the quality, I'm very happy and impressed.
R1KGNSJ2BJBYPV	5.0	just love it very clear picture I got the key board ...	1	1	just love it very clear picture I got the key board case also. both work great. very happy with it. I would say buy it .
R1OJ18CHCQ54RG	5.0	Loving my Fire HD 10!	1	1	I am impressed and happy with this product. it gives me access to the books and music I am interested in. Very user friendly.
R30JFIBTJ7W3CR	5.0	Picture is outstanding. It is a little different from ...	1	1	Picture is outstanding. It is a little different from the 8" which it replaced ( make sure you use the Amazon chargers).
R2WDBKL5ZJ7E8Z	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	I love my kindle.
R38W2BKRPPP27F	5.0	Love my Fire HD 10!!	1	1	Very pleased with everything about the Fire HD 10. Love the cover, the size, the weight and the delivery ahead of schedule.
R335ESL9LEPLR2	4.0	Loved my upgrade	1	1	Fantastic screen quality, sound and I love how light it is. I just wish the camera pictures came out a little less grainy.
RA2RTWHLJ2YKH	5.0	Fire HD 10	1	1	It's a great tablet! I didn't think I would use it as much as I have, but the ease of use makes it very compelling to use!
R1DUE5M1H5B7E6	4.0	Good substitute for iPad.	3	4	Rivals my iPad at a much lower cost. However, am disappointed that what can be saved on the sd card is limited.
R28S6UPIDABO3O	4.0	Fire HD 10. 10.1" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB Tablet.	1	1	Bought this tablet for my wife, she loves it and rated it a 4 star because she cant download the free books from Amazon.
R3R5Z3ZEGZ12NK	2.0	disappointed	3	4	Not as intuitive as an iPad. Poor instructional information. Seems overly complicated and under-functional.
R2HAIIL0QBBU2A	5.0	Worth the price	1	1	I love it. I like the slim feel. The only thing I would change is to put a flash on it so I could take photos at night.
R2VZWDBYOAMGX3	3.0	Battery life is really bad even with WFi off and 'brightness' turned low	1	1	Battery life is really bad even with WFi off and 'brightness' turned low. With this only get a days worth of charge
RIQ5J8I5IQ7H1	5.0	Love it.	4	6	Very happy with this new tablet (Fire HD 10, 32GB). Had to do a system update soon after activating it. Dropped in a Transcend 32GB MicroSDHC Class10 memory card with no problems. Books look great on it, movies look acceptable. Most of the Amazon Instant Videos I own are SD quality, which with this bigger screen is a little more noticeable than on my older 7" HD. The thing that really surprised me is how long this new tablet is and how thin (and light). I had ordered a slipcase for it - but now that I see how long it actually is I had to cancel the order for that case because I don't think the tablet will fit in it. Over all, I'm very happy with my purchase.
R22I9B3G40QIM1	5.0	It's awesome..	1	1	It's awesome... the HD provides excellent picture quality. . I need a otterbox 4 it but still in production. ..
R3USB9YFOQBXJS	5.0	Very happy with the display and the speed for download and ...	1	1	Very happy with the display and the speed for download and I also use the new Word Runner and it works very well.
RF7J7UAAXO0RG	4.0	Weii done	1	1	Works well and i am pleased with it. My only complaint is when running multimedia the battery goes down quickly.
R2XAGD2F5T61DF	5.0	Fire HD is terrific	1	1	Great piece of equipment. Would compare very favorably with my wife's iPad. Fast and intuitive to use. Love it!
R1E3F0ZXOUZX43	5.0	Fire HD-a must have!!	1	1	Love it love it love it!!! The display is fantastic. It is easy to use and comes loaded! Movies look fantastic!
R2O4KYB6CC9J1L	5.0	All around Great !	1	1	Love that this is a thin tablet and very light. Love the screen resolution and all the apps that are available.
R3FDHOUOPPOJWI	5.0	So far it has been a great tablet, Nice big	3	4	So far it has been a great tablet, Nice big, bright high res screen, feature packed and easy to use.
R3BYNZL7JW3TLL	3.0	It's OK, Not what I expected	2	3	I have owned a Fire since the original My original HD was the best in my eyes. The sound was awesome. I liked the HDX, but it's sound couldn't match the original HD. I have always had the smaller tablet for my personal use. So I took a chance with the Fire 10.1. PROS: light weight, even in the cover; all of the controls are on one side. CONS: learning curve to navigate the device, seems buggy and very s-l-o-w. I had considered returning it, but will use it to stream lectures from The Great Courses App. I'm holding on to my HDX though I have dropped it several times and the microphone no longer works. I used it for MAYDAY. Oh yeah, Mayday is longer the way it was before so the microphone is not necessary.
RPDV3JTUMOH8C	5.0	OMG - I LOVE THIS! It's an amazing all-in-one take your library	1	1	OMG - I LOVE THIS! It's an amazing all-in-one take your library, film, games and email and business with you!
R2E5XGJ12UP63B	5.0	I Love It...	3	4	I love this thing. I have not yet begun to learn all there is about it. But oh what fun so far...
R2G4N38T4WIR7H	5.0	Love my kindle	1	1	Love my kindle, it's my second one. First lasted five years and now my grandson is using it in middle school.
RFPVDAYVMD14H	5.0	FANTASTIC !!	1	1	Fantastic for the price and variety of apps !! Service was super when I had a small problem !! RP
R171LGQ44E2PO2	5.0	The best so far.	1	1	Very surprised how easy it is to maneuver. It does all that my laptop does. Being light weight is a bonus.
R231AEUOUKMQSQ	3.0	Very slow internet, hardly any apps.	1	1	Very slow internet, hardly any apps. But if you are using it to stream amazon video or netflix its great
R1XPCUQYWV0ZJH	4.0	Fire HD 10, 10.1 inch HD display	2	3	I just purchased this Kindle on October 1 , 2015 . This is not the fastest Kindle out there , I own several kindles and I really like this one. I use this mainly for looking at social media, reading books, and watching some videos. It really kind of shines with the videos . A word about word runner, not really a speed reading aid , Amazon would be a lot better off if they would allow the reader to automatically control the pace of the pages themselves turning , reading one word at a time was something we were taught in first grade , it is counterproductive at this point annoying and distracting. I still believe that the Kindle is a good purchase at $229.
R31GWEWET9N224	3.0	Thought it would be great	2	3	I was so excited to get this Fire HD. It is not the same as other kindles Amazon carries and disappointed in it. It is a nice size, but loads SO SLOW it like using dialup to connect to the web. Got mine on Sept 30 and on Oct 11 it crashed. It took me a while to get to settings as main page was gone, no apps, only page it would show was background. When I got into the settings did factory reset, thankfully I had done a backup a few days before. It went fast and even remembered all my passwords to my main accounts. I'm not pleased with the software, hope an update will happen SOON, but for the price it well do. JR
R2DZVKLVFUZA0	5.0	Awesome!!	1	1	Awesome!! Love my Kindles, this is number 5!! Love the Aps, the size and the speed, thank you Amazon!!
R29XE0DVVNETNI	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great item....love my kindle fire 10....I read a lot and my eyes are not so good...this helps alot..
R1LECKKE1FXYS3	5.0	LOVE MY FIRE HD TABLET	1	1	This was a great choice! I love everything about it, especially Amazon Prime!!! Thank you Amazon!!!
R3MKHWN9IV15FZ	3.0	Just barely three stars.	2	3	Like all modern computers,tablets,etc,the Fire 10" HD was not made for elderly people to use. First of all, it is difficult to locate and operate the small buttons on the sides. Once located, it is hard to tell if your push on the button worked or not. The Fire 19" came without written instructions on how to use it. I got my Grandson to help me, but what would happen if I did not have someone to help me? The three position stand for the display is a failure, It works fine if laid and kept on a flat surface, but try using it on your lap or a chair arm and you will see what happens. Overall. I rate it as a maximum of three stars.
RKICY2EAOFGG2	3.0	... Amazon content consumption device the Fire HD 10 is amazing. I can download books	0	0	As an Amazon content consumption device the Fire HD 10 is amazing. I can download books, comic books, movies and music to it and enjoy it all easily. As a general purpose tablet, I find it kind of lacking, though that could certainly change in future software updates. Mainly, the browser continuously locks up on me when I have it open, then go to another app and then come back to the browser. This happens sometimes with the video player as well, so I'm guessing it's a bug. I keep the number of applications down to a minimum though and for viewing/watching/listening to my Amazon content, it's great. If you're wanting more, then you may want to look at general purpose Android tablets to be honest.
R1O40DE6M320ZI	3.0	Not quite what I had hoped.	0	0	I had great expectations, but I did not do my homework. I really like Amazon and my small kindles work great. I wanted to be able to take notes in the margins of books I was reading. It may be that I can do this, but so far it escapes me. I think I'm a throwback. The HD format is not really to my liking (how did I miss this? I't right there). Reading NYTimes, WaPo, Boston Globe on my old iPad is much more satisfactory than doing so on the Kindle File 10 HD. So I will just warn you to think about what you want. If HD format is what you want and like, this is a good device - still waiting for app deverlopers to some extend. I use it every day and I hope to cure my ignorance and become more proficient.
R1T0ZVWDMM6UHJ	5.0	Great Product	1	1	Everything works great. Good product for the price. No problems after 1 month of use. Great display
R1RG976YB8BSN9	5.0	good buy	0	0	for the main part I love it. I just wish it came with written instructions. some of us who are a little older struggle trying to figure things out on our own. I used the camera this weekend at a wedding and had trouble making it take pictures. I found if I put a little saliva (yeah I know gross) but then when I hit the icon the picture took. so I missed many shots. also the recovery time one from photo to the next is not the greatest. but i did get some great photos. i love the talk to type feature and again just takes some time to practice with it. and to learn to say period - question mark, I had no problems transferring all my books from my old kindle to the new one. but overall i am very impressed.
R3MVFI9PFYV1AR	5.0	Just the right item for my needs. The laptop ...	1	1	Just the right item for my needs. The laptop (11 in.) was a overkill, just to much for my needs.
R25LH33PTGC4L9	5.0	Enjoying my Fire HD 10; was a little hard ...	1	1	Enjoying my Fire HD 10; was a little hard to get used to operating but I am catching on finally.
R3FXD8SQVXPCME	1.0	whoops	1	1	Hard to shut down, extremely slow when it did operate, today it is on sale for $199....what?????
R2ZDVGMI7IRCIH	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Great device.
RUJVB4PHPN8Z6	5.0	Kindle 10	1	1	absolutely love it. Have had no trouble with it. love the size . perfect for what I use it for.
R2SJLL8QLBRAFU	5.0	Great Improvement from my first Kindle	1	1	Love it, it will replace my laptop for traveling, the only thing to improve it would be 4G LTE
RR8XJ6HMCJNPO	5.0	Need an instructor	1	1	Wish it came with someone to show me how to use all the features! Lots of good stuff to learn.
R10K4DVF70Z4YB	3.0	and return buttons were still on the right hand side like the 8"	1	1	I wish the home, search, and return buttons were still on the right hand side like the 8"
RH7N70GI2NFNZ	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Really like the bigger screen, but hate how the camera pops up when you try and swipe it open
R6YAUG15JW7FQ	3.0	Very disappointed that Mayday is not available for the Fire HD 10.	2	3	Very disappointed that the new Fire HD 10 does not come with Mayday. You can only call customer service, Customer service may or may not understated what your talking about. If Mayday was present, then the option of having them show you on your device what to do.saves much more time. I found it a little difficult to manage the editing, as once you pick your edit color, its very hard to get back into editor to write your information on the picture. Actually I personally found it hard to maneuver around the Fire HD 10 with or without the stylus that was recommenced as a accessory.
R2IG636GLIZY93	4.0	It meets all of my requirements and would highly recommend it!	1	1	I am enjoying it very much! It meets all of my requirements and would highly recommend it!
R1517HTHEM4OJV	4.0	Ok	1	1	Love the size. Seems a little slow. Slower than my 8.9. Easy to get used to. Just slow.
R2U1L9ROTZQBZF	5.0	Fantastic in everyway.	1	1	It was fantastic, the sound & screen clarity was great better then any ipads I have used.
R2B5XORE02YSQT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This tablet is great. It arrived on time, I was amazed. Thanks for your great customer.
R366XSO3OJVHJJ	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Pretty happy over all. Sometimes it doesn't respond well to my touch. May be a setting?
R2UQPFJLMPC9LP	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Will satisfy my use requirements really well. It seems well made with excellent display.
R3VAVOUSYAIJ39	3.0	The Fire HD IS nice, but it does not hold the charge very ...	1	1	The Fire HD IS nice,but it does not hold the charge very well That is frustrating
R1C309QHI88RL0	4.0	and easy to	1	1	really different from my last Fire! a very large screen, clear, bright, and easy to use
R9OGZFFPBIM0D	4.0	No xfinity apps 😢	1	1	I would give it 5 stars but Amazon doesn't have xfinity apps that work with this model
R24XQ3HVTUMAV4	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	I really like the size and how thin this Kindle is...trying to adjust to using it now.
RJJSAUYOLXH80	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very please with it though I wish I could access what I have on FireTV on the tablet
R23AW9Y07OGTKW	5.0	Kindle Fire is A. One.	1	1	I T is easy to use, has good clarity and lots f apps that I will get into later
R2H12A1M5VV3F5	1.0	One Star	1	1	I was hoping for new and updated product. In my case, It did not work out that way.
R3NS8KEBLGGLEG	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	It is much slower than my fire 7. Would I buy it again probably not. Live and learn.
R2T79TPJVQ9NV0	3.0	Low price, but limited performance will challenge the user experience over time	0	0	Low price Main challenge is speed - it gets slow once multiple apps are loaded. Graphics are also a challenge, I bought it in addition to my HDX 7" in order to read magazine on a bigger screen, but the resolution poses problems for magazines fonts. I would rather spend an extra $100 and get decent resolution and performance. In comparison, the HDX 7 is impressive, never had a single problem with it, outstanding graphics and performance, although it does not support SD card so can run into storage limitations. I returned the HD10, will wait until a more usable model comes out.
R3GAZEUFOTQRHM	5.0	Amazon's on Fire with this tablet -- Love it!	1	1	Really like it! Nice size. Easy to access my Amazon Prime stuff -- lots of goodies!
R2E3C3D69AO5ZV	5.0	I love to read and I consider my Kindle Fire an accept	1	1	I would not like to be without it. I really love looking at you tube for art ideas
R12OAY53OWDA24	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Absolutely and positively a great upgrade from the original Kindle. Great product!
R22VRZLQGYXTDR	5.0	Love kindel s.	1	1	Love my tablet, probably overkill though as I already have a fire that works fine.
R24HDDDFZBZKGS	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	I enjoy it and it is great, but I don't think the battery last as long as claimed.
R1CISOQHGL1ITZ	3.0	I will keep it short and sweet. I will leave all the technical specs for ...	2	3	I will keep it short and sweet. I will leave all the technical specs for others. I loved the size of the tablet. The screen does not have the resolution of the HDX but is still easy on the eyes. The major problem is how sluggish it is. Some apps such as Facebook take FOREVER to load. And switching from one app to another is also frustrating in its slowness. Once an app is loaded it runs fine....If Amazon had any sense they would have made a 10 inch HDX model....I like this tablet....but id rather use my 8.9 HDX..
R3W6J7FQUHCVB	3.0	Keyboard	1	1	Keyboard types incorrect letters at times and icons slow to respond occasionally.
R2QZSYZT92TB27	4.0	What I expected.	1	1	It's definitely not perfect, but for the money it's exactly what I had hoped for.
R1WBUQ7DPCDPBG	5.0	In Love With My Fire	1	1	All I can say is I love everything about this tablet. For my needs it's perfect.
RGLQS2D0OAKQI	5.0	Kindle fire HD and now this and its the BEST!!	1	1	I own a kindle, Kindle Fire, Kindle fire HD and now this and its the BEST!!!!!!!
R1XN7I3BSL3Y4G	3.0	Kindle HD 10	2	3	I had a kindle fire HDX 8.9 and was looking to upgrade. Disappointed that the 10 doesn't come with firefly. I don't like the placement of the camera, that's going to get some getting used to. Display seems less crisp than my HDX for games, but videos look really good. The charger I noticed is a little loose and wobbly when plugged in to the device. Otherwise the performance is just as good as my 8.9 and I really like that there is an SD card slot for extra storage which is what I was really needing.
R1K2RDHSEJJEVL	5.0	Love the screen size and quality	1	1	I have'nt had any problem with this product. Love the screen size and quality.l
R1WWAJQL3YXRZX	1.0	Battery Life a bitter disappointment.... Amazon, It's on it's way back...	4	6	I almost gave this a ONE star rating. I received my 4th Kindle, a 10 inch model, yesterday and charged it to 100%. I spent about 2 hours reading and checked my email and Facebook a few times. Now my battery is down to 60% and falling. So far this is much worse performance than my 8.9 inch Kindle. The charge cord is too short or I might consider leaving it plugged to the charger. It's at the UPS Store on it's way back to Amazon...
R2R25BO92KXQ5O	2.0	Not quite what I expected.	2	3	I could not wait to get this tablet. I liked that I preordered it and received it on the day it was released. This product fell a little short of my expectations. I have owned a Kindle Fire and the Kindle Fire HDX. If I didn't know any better I would think this tablet was something totally different. However I did like the size of the screen. That alone was not enough for me to keep the tablet. I returned this item. Hopefully they will come out with a tablet similar to the Kindle Fire HDX.
R1H7SGU2PZ90U7	5.0	Love it!	0	0	Was given this as an early Christmas present to replace my 8.9 Kindle. I have loved all my Kindles from the first generation on. I find I love this table also. I use it for reading the news and books and for watching movies and NCIS. It's great. I was a bit hesitant at first to ask "Santa" for it, because of all the negative reviews, but I'm glad I went ahead and included it on wish list. Streaming is slow at work, but the device does great at home. I am so happy with the format changes. Thanks, Amazon and "Santa" for such a nice Kindle!
RQY28UOGFUEDX	5.0	Great All Around Tablet	0	0	I really like the bigger size of my Fire HD 10 32GB tablet. The video display is extremely easy to see - and the processor is quick enough for everything I need to accomplish. Every app that I need is readily available - especially Evernote, which is my go to app. I also recommend Notepad Pro for your To Do Lists, and any other thoughts you may have. I also own an Amazon Fire TV (2015) which is also part of the Prime ecosystem. Movies sync between my Fire HD 10 tablet and my Fire TV. This is a great all around tablet for $229.99 ($30 off on sale).
R32QXMTX84Z6G9	5.0	Awesome tablet! Especially for the price	1	1	Awesome tablet! Especially for the price! Can't beat it even with the iPad!
R34YATLTF1RM5O	5.0	reading books and watching TV shows on this tablet proves to be very comfortable because of the widescreen display	0	0	The new operating system is very crisp/clean and runs smoothly, reading books and watching TV shows on this tablet proves to be very comfortable because of the widescreen display. Most definitely a great gift for yourself or a loved one. The case(with two folding triangles) is a pretty good accessory that gives a luxurious feeling to the tablet. With this new addition to the fire tablet family it would be nice for the dev community to implement Microsoft office(like word and excel). So far it seems to only be One Note but you can only do so much with that!
RB3U18YRX0MH9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great Fire HD! It didn't take me long to learn how to use it and I love it.
R3LSDD80E2P87	5.0	Hd kindle 10	1	1	Excellent. Works like a tablet. Nice to see words in my books more clearly.
RRLQNXARG1SPL	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	at present it seems as though its more complex to operate and find things.
RFQ19R4NI25NG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love it!! It is easy to use and I have a very hard time putting it down.
R1M4PYC2EHEQ0N	4.0	Requires an app to print.	1	1	Would d have given a five rating...., however unable to print from device.
RF6SA6TIU2CAW	4.0	... how to use it but so far I'm very happy with it	1	1	I'm still trying to learn how to use it but so far I'm very happy with it.
RZ2TDEL7FUVP9	2.0	Not so much...	2	3	Display is nice and size would be great for game play. But the interface is clunky and not logical. some things appear in places they shouldn't. Deleting something in Home screen deletes in everywhere. Books appear as Amazon wants not what you want to read. getting into Amazon unlimited is not intuitive, nor anywhere for that matter. Game play is horrible for anything that has action. They stall, halt, crash, and are not playable. Get a HD 7, much better device.
R1NO9WXP8EZK2N	5.0	Great Birthday present from my kids and sister.	1	1	I love it although I admit I am challenged as I have never used a tablet.
R3G41ZUJC6YYGI	3.0	Only supports Silk browser	1	1	Screen resolution is good,. Not supporting any other browsers except silk
R2ST86DL8VZ7AV	5.0	ATTENTION: This Review Includes Instructions on How to Properly Insert the MicroSD Card	34	52	I love this 10.1" tablet and bought it as an upgrade from my Kindle Fire HD 8.9" (Previous Generation - 2nd). It is a better product in every way and I especially appreciate the fantastic price (in comparison to other similar tablets), large screen size, light weight, and thin design. It is the largest Amazon Fire tablet so far. The good: - Excellent Wi-Fi performance with dual-band capability. - Excellent Bluetooth performance. I use this tablet with both a Bluetooth mouse and keyboard (links below). - Has a MicroSD card port that can accept up to a 128GD card. - Sharp built-in cameras (720p HD front-facing camera and 5 MP rear-facing camera with 1080p HD video recording). - Fantastic new user interface replacing the tedious "carousel" found in earlier models. - Decent battery life. - Attractive display, but not the sharpest I have seen. - Extremely easy out-of-the-box setup. - The Amazon Silk browser is SO MUCH more stable than earlier versions! The bad: - No "Mayday" customer support button -- this feature was advertised before product release! - The sound out of the stereo speakers is too soft. To hear anything adequately, I have to max out the volume. - Because of the location on the speakers (on the left-hand side edge (when orientated for portrait viewing) or on the top edge (for landscape viewing)) on the tablet, the Amazon cases sold for this tablet muffle the sound when the cover is closed. - As of this review, Amazon has not yet posted a user's manual for this tablet. The customer service representative I talked to said it should be posted in a week. Instructions from Amazon Customer Service on how to insert the MicroSD card into this tablet: - To insert a MicroSD card, hold your Fire tablet vertically (like for portrait viewing), with the front-facing camera top center in the tablet. The Micro SD card slot will be on the upper right-hand side of your device. - Open the MicroSD card port cover and rotate it slightly to reveal the MicroSD card slot. With the notch in the MicroSD card facing up, carefully insert the card into the slot -- the copper contacts on the MicroSD card should be facing toward the back of the tablet and the printing on the card facing toward the screen. - Push gently on the MicroSD card until it locks into place. Accessories I recommend for this tablet (and own): Amazon Fire HD 10 Leather Case (5th Generation - 2015 release),Microsoft Sculpt Comfort Bluetooth Mouse,Logitech Keys-To-Go Ultra-Portable Bluetooth Keyboard for Android and Windows,SanDisk Ultra 128GB Ultra Micro SDXC UHS-I/Class 10 Card with Adapter (SDSQUNC-128G-GN6MA),Fire HD 10 Screen Protector [Tempered Glass], SPARIN® [Explosion-proof] [Repeatable Installation] Glass Screen Protector for NEW - Fire HD 10 (2015 Released), Retail Packaging, and the Sony SRSX55/BLK Powerful Portable Bluetooth Speaker (Black).
R1WFJU4Q4EHYAN	2.0	Wi-fi connectivity, or lack thereof is a joke...	2	3	As my 2 yr old Kindle Fire HDX will not power up and work, I ordered one of these. I haven't even had it 24 hours and already am very frustrated with it's performance. I had to restart my router to get an internet connection from the get-go, and after it's been powered off overnight, it appears I will have to restart my router again! Am I going to have to do this every single morning! If so, this tablet will go back! Really, really dissappointed Amazon....
RXBD62XKJE0GU	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	I like the larger screen, and the sound. I don't like the e-mail set up.
R1F8VMIT2O2WRW	3.0	The 10" size is nice, the is very good even though the resolution ...	2	3	I sent it back after a week. The 10" size is nice, the is very good even though the resolution is less than my Kindle 8.9 HDX. The problem is the wireless strength. Side by side with my HDX the strength meter will fade to "0" while the HFX is at 3? I noticed while holding the left side with my hand the strength weakened. Remove my hand and the strength bar would increase somewhat. This was while holding it in the landscape view.
R31A9G11DV7YME	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love this tablet. I have an iPad Air and I prefer this over the iPad.
R32RC5QPWYGAST	5.0	Great present	1	1	I bought this for my wife's birthday present. She absolutely loves it.
R37WBV9BEBB6D1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Far exceeded my expectations. would recomend it to family and friends.
R2TZE97GLAPTHF	3.0	Disappointed	0	0	I was really looking forward to getting the larger kindle. I have purchased a new kindle each time that it has come out with a new version. I like the larger screen, but it seems like I have to keep hitting the screen with the stylus to get the screen to respond. I am still using the smaller kindle because my apps that have levels start over from the beginning. I don't know how to transfer apps without losing my levels. I was ready to give up my computer because I really liked the kindle, now I'm not so sure m
RB8HEK41B8XN0	5.0	This tablet is perfect for your average every day person	0	0	Ok I have had my new kindle for a few weeks now and all I can say is wow. I am not a tech person I just needed it because my other one broke and was then lost by FedEx. This tablet is perfect for your average every day person. If you need it for work I don't think it's for you. Yes sometimes it lags. But wait a few seconds and it will catch up. Startup was easy. No problems. I say if you are gonna use it to pay bills surf the web, or watch video this is for you.The price it right. It is just fabulous for me.
R2XXYSSUIZU6QZ	4.0	Video playback is excellent. I use the VLC media app for video	0	0	This is my first tablet and I mainly wanted an inexpensive one just to watch movies and go online and this one fits the bill. Video playback is excellent. I use the VLC media app for video. The only thing I feel is lacking from kindles is that you can't use any Google apps like crome or gmail, but not a big deal as I just access them through the browser. I'm sure if you are expecting a lot from a tablet there are better ones out there but you will pay much more. Over all for what I use it for, it's worth it.
R1QEW7YAZ1N6XF	5.0	I would give it five stars.	1	1	I'm very impressed with my new kindle. I am enjoying it every day.
R2V8MF3RYDFJ9H	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This is a great tablet and it is fast and the apps are fabntastic.
R3FT8LJFD9ALY6	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love the size of this tablet!! Defininately a great purchase!!!
R25W9BIP5OX55S	4.0	Great tablet! Lacking in some areas, but headed in the right direction!	0	0	Pros: Very light & thin Fairly quick Easy to use Great for watching movies Great Audio, better than most tablets I've used. Prime Member benefits Cons: Limited Market, although it has the majority of mainstream apps, it doesn't have Play Store, and Google services like Youtube, Gmail, etc. Display although not terrible, could be better at this price point. With all things considered, i've really enjoyed using this tablet!
R1V3LIYGLEKZW4	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it much better than the 7in kindle. Enjoy the larger screen.
R1Q100ZIVZ8GJ5	4.0	My new Fire HD	1	1	Love it still getting used to it, waiting to get my first book!!!
R2CXHJ0S6ATRL7	2.0	Don't have wifi, don't get this	0	0	If I downloaded music or books from kindle and did not have wifi the kindle would not let me access the library or any games I had downloaded. If I had the app in the recent list I could play it but not open the apps library. Totally useless to me as 90% of the time I use it at work which doesn't have wifi access. Would not let me access books, videos or music from the micro disc without wifi. Returned it and got the cheapest fire I could get and manually load books and music.
R3JBET9ZIATZ5U	4.0	It's okay	0	0	I received mine as a gift for my birthday. One thing I noticed is that the resolution is a bit more grainy when compared side by side with my fire HDX 7 inch. One thing I like about it is the ability to customize the background. The speed for browsing the internet is so so. Not real fast but not real slow either. I also like the option of inserting a memory card for extra storage space and having a rear facing camera. I think I'll try to balance out usage between this and my HDX.
RPN48WMEBW5I3	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I have an old Kindle Fire and this new one is much more advanced
RZK6I7LVO1W9O	2.0	Yuck	4	6	Don't particularly like this upgrade. It is slow to do everything. It freezes. I bought it for the size. Ok. It is supposed to be lighter, not with the only choice for covers, which I don't like either. The first page scrolls up instead of side-to-side. Don't like that. Don't like any of the upgrades to the kindle fire at all levels.
R14ILBWM82QJJE	4.0	Great screen quality	0	0	Great screen quality. Fairly easy to use and 'figure out' (learning curves are always hard for me). The internet capability is the only reason why I don't rate higher. Even though I have high speed internet at my home my Kindles have always been painfully slow on the internet. This one is certainly better than my last Kindle though. I haven't watched a movie yet but plan to soon. I got the leather orange case which is lovely and more memory which I have yet to install.
RC5V4RL15UX8I	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Good value for the money. Would like to have a printed manual.
R18PKB3FRJCS8Y	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great tablet for my use. Was surprised by its speed. Love it!!
R1WX1L9OUCLXA5	4.0	ENJOYING MY NEW TOY	0	0	I was given the Fire HD 10 White Kindle as a present. I previously owned the Fire HDX 8 Kindle and I was quite excited when news that Kindle would be released a slicker, bigger kindle. Although it doesn't have the speed of the HDX, I am enjoying the thinner tablet as well as the new interface. I think it's a lot easier to navigate vs the older generations. I think with a couple of software updates, this tablet will work just as well as the HDX 8, if not better.
RWPGR8SQ601NZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	So far I love it ... better than the iPad Air 2 I just bought.
RR3OY8N9CNEST	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	It is an awesome device. Font is larger more workable screen.
RN4NFPFJL4V95	5.0	Barbs 2nd Kindle	1	1	Have a smaller Kindle and this upgrade was so great! Love it!
R38ZFKFLJVEZJT	5.0	Excellent!!	1	1	Excellent!! This is my fourth Kindle, and the best so far!!
RZ2E7JX1NWI4F	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Perfect, secure fit and delivered ahead of schedule. Thanks
R137G58ULTBWFO	3.0	not happy	0	0	I have 8 kindles and I have Kindle fires. I have loved them all until now. First you did not high light the areas you wanted to go to, Being 76 this is hard to see on this kindle. I like when you put an item up on your home page it stayed. this does not on all areas. When I go to apps the page does not stay all the way down the page. It keeps trying to return to the top. I love the size and weight but the rest I will go back to my Kindle 8.1
R1Q4Y35ZGTC1K2	5.0	Very nice large screen tablet!	0	0	Pros: 1. Crisp clear 10 inches screen for video, photo, broswing and gaming. 2. Perfect Dolby speaker for Pandora 3. Fast CPU performance. Fast AC Wi-Fi connection. 4. Expandable SD card option 5. Decent batter life. Cons: 1. No Google Play. No Google+. No Hangout. 2. Poor camera (Only OK for Skype) 3. Weird default launcher that cannot be replaced. 4. Cannot do full disk encryption.
R280V9CURYUNFV	2.0	Nice design but has glitches	0	0	I have several 7" kindles, which I love, but wanted to upgrade to the 10.1" since I watch a lot of movies and shows on my kindle. I loved the sleek lightweight design. The videos are crystal clear. The problem I was having is that it would freeze up on me several times or get locked into an app and I couldn't get out unless I shut it off. Unfortunately I had to send it back. If they fix that problem I would purchase again.
R1AIUL4RANVT5X	1.0	No no no no and again no .. it's a toy at best	17	26	An absolute waste of time. I loved my Kindle fire HDX until the charging port got bad after less than 2 years, this is a poor substitute. No mayday, no memory .. all my apps won't even fit. I asked if it was HDX .. noticeably worse resolution. The memory card that was supposed to come at the same time .. didn't. The on/off and volume buttons already feel like they will be a cause of a future problem and to top it off there is no way to comfortably hold it in my hand. Not one thing I like about this ... not one. Will be returning for full refund it is not as promised by the rep I spoke with.
R32GBBXB28B9FI	5.0	Great price and size.	0	0	I bought this product for my husband, for when he travels. The unit connects easily to WiFi and allows for simple, ease of use without having to get out the laptop. The display has a nice vibrant color, and the weight of the unit is good, also. I purchased this unit through a promotional deal and the value was fantastic. The screen size is wonderful compared to using an IPhone during the day. I would recommend this unit to a friend.
R1ZHUY19TCGJ87	4.0	Two-Day Review....Updates to Follow	4	6	Have had it for 2 days: Like the feel...very thin...very lite. Battery doesn't seem like it lasts very long BUT it may be that I have been adding apps. The touch screen doesn't seem as responsive as my Fire 7. Overall happy with it so far and I HOPE to become thrilled with it. Time will tell.
R22FKP96XDU8TR	2.0	Limited apps available	1	1	Disappointed in lack of "namebrand" apps that work
R1YEJLSETROEYA	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love the bigger screen but it sure uses the battery fast.
RUCPTJVKEYV8F	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very nice and easy to operate!!! I made a good decision!
R3HGH3JRDIRZJQ	4.0	Not Bad	1	1	So far I like the new Fire but there's no Mayday feature
R3DV9W0ZNSXPOZ	1.0	BRICK BRICK BRICK!!!!	2	3	One month old and it is a BRICK!!!! Wont turn on at all.... DEAD... nearly $300 and dead in a month!!!! I bought this so I could travel easier and hear I am overseas and cannot service or return it.... My old laptop is beaten up, heavy, and not pretty at all. BUT IT WILL TURN ON!!!!! DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT buy this.......
R2KUG6NYEGWFRY	5.0	I love it!!	0	0	I received this the other day and the set up was incredibly easy. I really have no complaints, it's fast and large and is very thin. I did order my case off ebay instead of the ones they were selling with this. It was a lot cheaper than either of the 2 that were being offered. I previously had a kindle 4th generation, which I believe is a 7 inch screen, what a huge difference this one is! Very happy with my purchase.
ROZ5Z3JDGSZJB	2.0	KINDLE 10 does not have the capability to PRINT This is CRAZY since previous Kindles did have this capability.	5	8	FINALLY GAVE UP. Never heard back from technical support as promised would happen by customer service. Never got the same answers to the questions about downloading my photos from my camera memory card (even after buying the extra part they said was needed). Never got the quick downloads as I do on the HDX. Never felt like this product was really thought out and the best they could have done. Then when it came to returning the HD10 and the other five items (including case), I was told that I needed to find boxes and bags to return each INDIVIDUALLY (NOT in one box, but individually) in order to get credit for each. What a time consuming deal and with added shipping cost (on their end). Guess there are bigger problems with boxing things together. This was my prior complaint and I'm leaving it here for others to see in case they also have these issues: I don't even know why I am giving it two stars. I have had nothing but unpleasant surprises since receiving the new KINDLE 10. I have owned three previous Kindles and this one is the most disappointing. Tonight I found out that even though you are given the option to PRINT from emails and the browser, this option is not doable since KINDLE 10 does not print!!!????? When you click on PRINT, it saves to a PDF file and under that is an option called PRINTERS which when clicked "Searches for a Printer" (and then loops and loops and finds nothing....even if you have a wireless printer). My Kindle HDX8.9 printed with no problems and now the KINDLE 10 (a newer Kindle) is going backwards and not giving you that capability. Customer Service said that they will have the TECH SUPPORT people call me back "in a week" to let me know if "someday" it will be available. I AM LIVID that this point is not mentioned at all on the KINDLE 10 marketing material on the website. SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!! I will wait until TECH SUPPORT calls me back and if nothing is promising, this thing is going back to AMAZON.
R6BLXVMZNJYA1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Easy to use. Screen resolution excellent. Perfect size.
R1YQWC55UOZA0D	3.0	some good some not so good	4	6	the bigger screen is a plus however I will be listening to an audio book & playing a game and the game goes back to home page. also liked the old fire where when I was playing a game I could tap screen to see the time...if I go to recent screen I lose where I was in the game
R38FHIXR9R5MGQ	5.0	I love the Fire HD 10	0	0	I love the Fire HD 10. I am still trying to figure out why most pictures are perfect but others not so much, if there isn't alot of lighting. Probably operator error. I took pictures from a car going 80 mph and the pictures are unbelievably perfect. It does get a quick glitch sometimes when I'm playing games. But, I mostly bought this device for reading and taking pictures so I'm really happy with it.
R3HOQFGVC64D9Z	2.0	Wasted time and money	2	3	This should be called THE CRASHER; between that and having to turn it off to get back to some of the apps. It is not worth the money, unless you don't mind paying $229.00 just for the good camera it now has. I bought one for my husband and one for me (this is our 3rd Kindle Fire upgrade) and they are both going back as I write.
R3BGHNKJT4MS6R	4.0	I enjoy the lighter weight and larger size	0	0	I enjoy the lighter weight and larger size; I use it for limited applications only...just me, not because of issues with the Fire. My only comment is that it occasionally locks up or dumps me out of my app. I reboot and all seems OK. I occasionally have a problem signing off; sometimes it goes to sleep, but does not sign me off and awakes when I open the case the next time. Overall, I like it a lot.
R2I6ZD7E3T2GCD	4.0	Pleased. Like hob now	0	0	Pleased. Like hob now. Still some buffering issues but improved from the last fire. Waiting for the amazon stick to attempt the second screen feature. Cannot connect hdmi to the tv like the last fire. Will call the help desk if still have trouble. Back to this fire- hours of fun. Decent price. Unmatchable options at a buyers choice of spending. Kindle unlimited and prime and the hbo now ...awesome
R195UVD8ZP1GLI	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	love it
R2CKV0CRB9MH99	2.0	Great Disappointment	0	0	Not as user friendly as I thought it would be. Sometimes documents appear in the doc file and sometimes they don't only to reappear at a later time. I don't get that. The ad page every time I turn on the device is annoying and I can't find a way to disable it. The user guide can only be accessed via Internet and I can't always be online when I need to consult it.
R37YU3036OKGMV	5.0	Five Stars	3	4	I love it for work school and entertainment
R20EB945ZFMA7P	5.0	Fast and (Furiously) Mega Screen!	2	3	This is such an upgrade for me from my original Kindle Fire! I love the larger screen and it's so fast (to download anything)! I also like the fact I can expand my memory by adding an sd micro disk. And I like the fact that I can store so much in the cloud but sometimes I don't want to put some of my pictures there.
R2AGXQ57J8OX6X	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Much bigger than my last one - really like the size.
REKHXA2BIHTYM	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Love the larger screen. I'm still getting use to it
R3B80OMY0GSD63	3.0	good for ebooks, not a good computer replacement	0	0	If you are looking for a tablet for work or games then this is not the tablet for you. All the apps are limited to the amazon app store and it leaves even less room for customizability than apple products. The hd display is beautiful and I would have kept the item for reading purposes alone, but right out of the box I had problems connecting to the wifi, so I just decided to return it.
R2KJ2XMRTZNYX4	4.0	Kindle fire 10.1	2	3	since I already have the original Kindle fire and the kindle fire 8hdx I am pleased to now have the 2015 10.1...however I wish there had been more printed user instructions enclosed as the set up is quite different. the video is ok but doesn't cover everything.Once I finally figure it all out I will enjoy it more.
R18D23CCLSQVI5	5.0	The Washington Post app looks great on the tablet (32 GB	0	0	The Washington Post app looks great on the tablet (32 GB, white). What a fun way to read the news and current affairs! Reading Kindle books, especially in landscape orientation, is a very pleasant experience for me. I've played Monument Valley and Word Idea on it and it's a lot of fun. I bought the Amazon keyboard cover that comes with it. It works perfectly and to me it looks great.
R25PQGROCQRN4E	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Awesome tablet!!! I use it for personal and work...
RNS0NDKT3LWOI	5.0	Lightweight	0	0	Fast! That is the first thing I can say about the new Kindle. It is so lightweight! I have owned 3 Kindles in the past and holding a 7in in one hand and the 10.1 in the other you could REALLY notice the difference. I am still working with the icons as I cannot find my apps as easily, but that will come in time, I am sure. I bought 2 of them and do not regret the purchase.
R3A3V1C8VP6X5G	5.0	Excellent	1	1	Excellent,product, everything I expect from amazon
RB0V9QIWGRUZH	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent all the way!!!! Best tablet I ever have.
R27T9NRSVPRAQQ	5.0	It's so easy anyone can do it.	0	0	I got it for my wife, who's been using galaxy s2 to surf the social media. once you set it up with your social media accounts your email you can even do messenger. its just like a phone without the bill.fantastic product recommended for anybody easy to use. Can't beat the price specially if you get it on sale. get the Amazon cover it fits perfect. Sit back and enjoy the show.
R3S989DG9FSGJZ	2.0	Sadly, disappointed	0	0	I am going to return it for the camera picture is not as sharp and the device isn't as user friendly as the 8 which I have now. Am very disappointed for was looking forward to using the device for movie watching when I travel, which is quite frequent. Please go to work on the next release for was and still am thrilled with my fire 8 which I use more frequently than my IPAD
R2O1XCCECMKU2N	5.0	My main device for daily computing	0	0	I've never owned a tablet although used one at work. The Fire HD10 has as clear and crisp screen as an iPad at 1/3 of the price. I had a Kindle reader and this has not only replaced my old reader but now I only use my laptop at home a couple of times a week. The kindle is so much quicker and easy to use and easy to transport that it has become my main device in only 23 days.
RJ9QACB60LTYY	5.0	New Fire 10 is Great!!	0	0	Love the large screen of the new Fire. I had an older Kindle and it was amazingly easy to transfer current apps and games, including Facebook and Kindle. I also like that the Fire 10 has printing capabilities. The frustrating part is you have no print material to refer to, but have to search online for instructions. But, it is still fairly easy since so much is pre-set
RVO2083YGZH05	5.0	Very pleased	1	1	Every thing I want in a. Tablet Very pleased
R3O24HTBWSZXXL	5.0	5 stars	1	1	This tablet does we everything I needed it to do.
R1458FMO1DRC9T	3.0	What I have not been able to figure out is once I get to the prime items like movies, especially on my TV	0	0	I thought it would be a lot easier to get to and find prime books, music, etc. I was hoping to just press an app or something to get directly to prime things, without searching, but that is just a minor inconvenience. What I have not been able to figure out is once I get to the prime items like movies, especially on my TV, is how to search only in the prime choices.
RNT0NLX3YZ1KW	3.0	It's okay	0	0	This device is not as user friendly as my previous one. I don't like the ads on the home screen, the way the tabs display, or the way one of my games displays, a portion of the screen is blacked out if not connected to Wi-Fi. I do like the front and rear camera. This is a big improvement. And sometimes I have to touch the screen multiple times for it to work.
RO5EEXZNZ0QIK	4.0	Issues	0	0	Very happy with tablet. I love the large display. Did not give it a 5 because the help menu didn't give some information on what the button were had to call Amazon 4 times in a week for help. Also, a lot of the printer applications are not loaded on tablet like my other one has. Some apps are not compatible with the tablet Amazon needs to speak with app store
R3W231E0H979DK	5.0	Get one	0	0	I now own 3 Kindles, the Paperwhite, the Fire 7 and this Fire 10. I still use all of them, depending on what I'm doing and where I am. My favorite is still the little 7", with the origami case (love it). but of course the 10 is nice with the large display. I use them almost exclusively for reading. Couldn't live without a microwave oven and a kindle.
R3UT05MBWF1ZC9	3.0	clarity is great on the Kindle	0	0	I had a Barnes & Noble Nook before. The screen, lighting, clarity is great on the Kindle. However, since I use it mostly for reading, it bothers me that it doesn't automatically come showing what page I am on and that I have to return to home before turning it off, otherwise, it does not turn back on where I stopped in my reading, but at some random place.
R337ZBN8NYIBH3	5.0	A fantastic unit.	0	0	It does everything that I need a tablet computer to do. It does not browse the Internet quite as smoothly as my mothers iPad does though. But I don't use a tablet computer for that purpose anyway. That is why I'm still giving this tablet a 5 star review. I only use my tablet computers for shopping on Amazon.com or downloading digital videos to the tablet.
R1WSVDYUVFX9CA	1.0	Not worth my money	5	8	I have owned 4 kindle products before purchasing the Fire HD 10. My initial reason for the Fire HD 10 purchase was primarily the additional storage provided by the microSD card for up to 128 GB of additional storage and the larger screen. Those were impressive improvements. However, the response time on the screen is SLOW. My battery time is barely 4 hours before needing to be charged and that is only when reading a book, not using any other features. It is advertised to allow "Up to 8 hours of reading, surfing the web, watching video, and listening to music". E-mail and web browsing are very SLOW, much slower my last kindle fire HD, and I'm using a high speed internet connection. I also purchased Amazon's cover for the Fire HD 10, and that is a huge disappointment. It provides very little protection and when you want to read in portrait orientation, it just isn't at the right angle and wants to tip over if I move slightly. I had a lot of trouble with the on and off switch. Sometimes it would start up and other times it wouldn't. If it wouldn't start I had to plug it in then it would start. I thought at first that the battery must be run down, but it was between 80 to 90 %. I still don't understand that. I've always been very happy with the previous kindles, all in all, I don't think it was the best use of my money. Went out and bought an apple Ipad 2 air.
R1EVDKRL99MZ9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	great product i love this tablet. call me happy
R20E34J8C9O2LV	3.0	Disappointed	2	3	Battery does not last long at all 6 hours tops and I have turned down screen brightness and use no location services on anything. Processor seems slow and unresponsive at times when starting up and when changing Apps. Got this to replace old Gen 1 iPad, wish I had gotten a new iPad.
RRNGK7PPBFXKD	5.0	and I must say the fire 10hd is great. It totally meets my expectations an then some	0	0	I am no stranger to the fire family, and I must say the fire 10hd is great. It totally meets my expectations an then some. Each generation that is brought out is better than the last, I am always blown away by it. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a tablet, kt is better than all the tablets out there and at a much more reasonable price.
R60MGRIEM7QZ2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very happy with the weight and picture quality
REMV4ZJPM1G6X	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Just as good as the Apple iPad, great picture.
R2E117L4FTQ3WD	5.0	Great for Retirement.	1	1	Still learning to use it, it is as advertised.
RJGC4G1HQTRG8	2.0	This was not what I expected. I thought this ...	2	3	This was not what I expected. I thought this would be an upgrade to my kindle fire HD 8.9. I miss the carousel and zi could not figure out how to archive the books I already read. The text is not as sharp this one needs a system upgrade. I may send this one back for a refund.
R14ZRBW96VEJ70	3.0	Review	3	5	It's a beautiful device and, initially, I was delighted to receive it. Then, over a period of almost 3 weeks and multiple tech support calls, it became apparent that it was useless for my needs. I already have an 8" Kindle which is pretty much permanently in hand and which I use for games and books. I bought the new 10" specifically to watch videos, tv shows, and movies. However, while it was fine for Amazon Prime and Netflix, after much too long, it turned out to be useless for any of the other free sites I frequent. First, because I needed an adblocker, I had to install Chrome. That took two calls to tech support and a couple of hours at least. Once that was done successfully, it required additional calls and more time to get the adblocker successfully installed and functioning. Then followed more calls and callbacks trying to figure out why I still could not successfully view the programs I was trying to see . . . on multiple sites. Finally, it turned out that I would need to install Flash to be able to view anything. Unfortunately, Kindle does not support Flash. At this point, after all the phone calls, hours with tech support, and hours spent on my own trying to get it to work for me, it was apparent that the device, in spite of the ads proclaiming that it would be perfect for viewing videos, was utterly useless for my purposes. I still consider it a lovely device in general but don't waste your time buying it if you're planning to use it for audio visual entertainment. I've returned it (the easiest part of the process), and will be buying a simple Chrome notebook for less money and aggravation.
R9WJKS2L3KSQD	5.0	Great product,great price.	1	1	Display quality is much improved over my HDX.
R38HQJ9CFMNOXF	3.0	Graphics are wonderful speed is good that being said	0	0	Graphics are wonderful speed is good that being said....started to have issues with device returning to home on its own while using different apps...also wish amazon would make Google play available on their device as underground is missing some VERY GENERAL apps ie my local weather app and a few other general android apps I have noticed.
R2GJA612PAMKKT	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	A really nice economically priced tablet. It does all the usual tablet stuff well and is set up to access Amazon content. Access to cloud data, Microsoft and Google, as well as Gmail and Outlook mail works very well. The new interface is nice, much better than the previous which is still on the smaller tablet. I hope it is upgraded soon.
RDQ2NL4HZJNS0	4.0	step-up from previous kindle	0	0	I'm still getting used to the features on this tablet compared to my previous kindles. Reading a book is fine as long as it is relatively dark. It's hard to see in a sunlite room. All information transferred nicely from my other kindles. The silk browser seems to work fine. The screen has a nice clear picture. So far I am happy with it.
R3JE3CK9EYEVCQ	5.0	Love love love	0	0	This is awesome...it's my second kindle...I purchased a smaller one till I could afford a laptop...fell in love with it..started I inquiring about when a 10 inch be available..now I don't even want a laptop.My 10 inch came out in Sept..I was excited. When it came I was not disappointed. Does everything I need and the size is perfect...love it.
R16SX7C8HIEFY5	4.0	Beautiful display, easy to use	0	0	Beautiful display, easy to use. I only have 2 complaints. On certain websites, videos tend to crash for no apparent reason, no problems if watching through an app though. Also, there are several apps that I wish were available (NBC, FOX, etc) to make things more complete. If more apps were available, this would be a five star review.
R15MPOLUDPUEPD	4.0	my first tablet -- so far I am enjoying it ...	1	1	my first tablet -- so far I am enjoying it.
R2TDZMZ5D027DV	5.0	Love my Fire	0	0	I really love my Fire. It is great and I use it all the time. I also have a paper white kindle and (3) older models. Love Kindles and now my fire. Works really well. Would still love to have the MayDay app or ? to use instead of hunting for stuff in my books. Linked up well and was usable right away. Did I say I love it???
R15NB0QDBOGYB	4.0	Third times a charm and only getting better	0	0	As my 3rd kindle fire I am a very satisfied user. Tried the hdx and did not like at all. So glad I sent back as soon after the new line came out. The only glitch I find so far is that in playing favorite game I get kicked off after completing a board if I want to share and have to do all over again. Losing life and points earned.
REXC6WLY8T9NP	5.0	Both are having a good time.	0	0	I do really love it. Even though I'm an adult, I am still a beginner with this Fire HD 10,ect.., so I have it on parental control. I'm sure I will be purchasing games, but not right now. I've caught my husband playing with this, so he will probably buy something real soon. He to, is enjoying this.
RWRSJ66F12KOL	5.0	For my needs, perfect	1	1	Light, great image. For me a great device.
RW0CCTWEFNNFG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love it....but no better than my hdx 8.9
R37FI4VOM5EY7V	3.0	Ok as a cheap alternative	0	0	I received this as a gift. If you can't afford an iPad, or you don't want to shell out the extra $$, this is is an alternative. You get what you pay for, though. It is very slow, videos freeze. The search function is slow that I often search "how to _____ on a Kindle fire hd" on my iPad to get a quick answer.
R2AVDGGTXJX53F	1.0	The device I got from Best buy sucked	2	3	The device I got from Best buy sucked. Battery only lasted little under 4 hours just from reading and not even watching movies. Display was good easier to read on but battery sucked manure. My old kindle 7 inch could out last this one battery wise.
R3VX9JP8DK0DHZ	4.0	Decent tablet with ui concerns.	2	3	Great "little tablet," crisp picture, decent audio. Only downers are the Amazon tab right in the middle of the tabs and the fact I can't reorder the tabs to put audiobooks next to books. These are the 2 main functions I use this tablet for.
R9NV0XT6ZHCI1	4.0	Great pad with a few draw backs	0	0	Does eveything you would expect with the exception of having access to google play store apps. Limited apps available. Most of the ones I needed were available but not all of them. This causes me to need my phone along side the pad. However over all this is a very good value and the screen display is exceptional.
R31YHMRSGRVN6B	5.0	longer for great movie reproduction and it stands tall vitriolically for newpaer ...	0	0	There is just somethig about the picture and the Fire 10.1 in your hand it feels bigger...longer for great movie reproduction and it stands tall vitriolically for newpaer or books or long letters. If it your first enjoy exploring if it not your first you'll know why I'm so happy with this piece of high tec.
RA5KBS0L2WTOX	5.0	convience!	1	1	Easy to use @ the larger screen is great.
R2TOXJ1IN5UWM9	4.0	i love it it 10" screen is awesome!!!!!!!	2	3	i love the size of it and i have no wifi problems with it like others seem to be comlplaing about!!! maybe yhose people need to get a faster internet if they r having wifi problems im with comcast now and have no issues with wifi at all!!!!!!
RW18NUVRR166H	3.0	I like the thinness of it	0	0	I like the thinness of it; however, it is slow & doesn't react to my swipes on the screen. It reacts very slowly & doesn't always react to my finger so I have to keep pressing down on the item I want to pull up. I don't know if it's an issue with my device only but it is causing me to debate returning it.
R2JTVK560AWNKJ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great Machine, exceeded my expectations.
R3UD5MOLJEU6UJ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	So far I love it!!! Came as promised👍👍
RF3XL6NNHIG9K	5.0	Amazon Fire HD 10 is a winner	0	0	Fire HD 10 is wonderful and it exceeded my expectations. Using it to store and watch some Prime videos and some movies and shows I purchased on Amazon. Also using it to view my Amcrest Pro HD wireless IP camera. It's smoooth, never stutters, never blinks an eye. I am delighted with the Fire HD 10.
R3II9J2REO47VQ	4.0	Usability	1	1	To sensitive and uncomfortable to hold.
RWOGIPF19SVUD	3.0	New Kindle 10.1	1	1	I like the older user interface better.
R1WWG25RDKMIMI	5.0	The new Kindle 10	0	0	This replaces my original Kindle 7 and am amazed at the difference the increase in size makes. I didn't think it would matter that much. Watching videos, movies, doing research, any thing at all is more pleasurable. It has beautiful color and clarity. I am more than happy with my new acquisition.
R2WV8IO1O8F41E	5.0	Absolutely love my new fire	0	0	Absolutely love my new fire . I bought it to stream online media along with email, and web browsing . It works beautifully and I am very satisfied . If your looking for a tablet that won't break the bank the fire is for you. I fired up the tablet and after a few updates I have no complaints .
R23EKKH8BPJGML	4.0	Its quite different and that is a good thing. It takes some getting use too	0	0	I have two kindles. Having said that I thought that the Fire HD 10 was similar, wrong. Its quite different and that is a good thing. It takes some getting use too. It has some great things to work on and I am sure that with a little training I will love it. Right now I am starting to love it.
R2EE03QFQZFLT7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	working great still learning about it.
R2M6B4IN2RWSMD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I really enjoy the Fire HD 10...Thanks
R3KK678VIQU8C2	3.0	fird hd 10.1 inch tablet	0	0	wife like it very much but i don't see it as durable to last the beating it will get over time. had issue on day one but work it out with tech support help but they never got back to me to see it issue was resolve so that mean they knew of the issue in my opinion and how to fix the problem.
R36RR729RICACL	4.0	Excellent clarity improvement over our original Fire HD of three ...	0	0	Excellent clarity improvement over our original Fire HD of three years ago. However, we cannot view a certain "Classical Movies" channel player because the channel refuses to utilize Fire HD's Flash player app (as opposed to the required Adobe Flash player app cited by the channel.)
R1NM8NHN3Z7PKC	3.0	Fire HD 10 Review	0	0	The Fire HD 10 is a fairly good unit. It does all I need, however the screen resolution is not as good as my old Fire HD. It is also slower than my old one and the battery life between recharge is less. Plus the battery takes longer to recharge. I like the 10 but it could be improved.
RTEH0NMUXJAX9	3.0	Amazon Fire 10.1	2	3	I like this tablet except that I can't use Google play. I have games that I love to player on Google play but can't access on Kindal. Also don't like the silk browser except for these two reasons would most likely rate a 5.
R37AQG6WBCZ9SK	5.0	The HD is easy on my eyes and the apps I can download ...	0	0	This is my first tablet purchase and I'm really liking it! The HD is easy on my eyes and the apps I can download seems to be endless. I use have pretty much abandoned my laptop and use this instead. Coupled with my Prime membership this can't be beat! Would recommend this to anyone !
R2W6J29T6TD86	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	its just what i've been looking for .
R2BYZ0AL9O2OFZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It's taking awhile to get used to it.
R3026189G4N7UH	4.0	Can't print	1	1	I returned it because it can't print.
R2PP15GT5JS8UT	4.0	My new Kindle Fire purchase. ..	0	0	I did expect the screen to be a bit wider as well as longer, but it feels more like a wide screen view. Think I would have liked something more standard. That being said, I still love my new fire. Bought it to replace one that just would not start up so would no longer work.
R2PCYE1KED4HIO	3.0	Nice tablet but not all that	0	0	Nice tablet but not all that. The browser for Internet sucks and very difficult to load another. Apps work well and most are free but limited. It works very well as a Kindle reader. Is no where near the league of Ipad or Galaxy Tabs but half the price. You get what you pay for.
R2JTB1LS20AM15	5.0	good-bye lap top, hello gen. 5	0	0	Everything you might need in a lap top and half the cost...my wife has the 4th generation fire and the 5th generation has more features and the capabilities of an expanded memory..The one feature I miss is the "mayday button". Definitely would recommend this device.....
R2OTN82UY8P757	4.0	Good for the price	0	0	I bought this due to size and price point. I previously owned a Samsung Galaxy note 10.1. The kindle falls short, particularly in performance, but I don't really use the tablet for much. I also would prefer something with a shape more similar to that of the Samsung or an iPad.
RKM88JIX8JWUC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	every thing that I expected and more
RDW2SMVVU99D9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Everyone love it had to buy two more
RHGQ4EMVGG6A2	5.0	Great fast easy to use tablet!	8	12	Very impressed, like much better than my IPAD...this is very fast and user friendly for the price.
R2IKK3C783YYB1	3.0	While I do like the new Fire HD I have to say I ...	2	3	While I do like the new Fire HD I have to say I am disappointed. It is very slow to open apps and the battery does not last long. I was much happier with my previous HDX. I have serious thoughts to return it.
RALF25Y1BK8Y	3.0	I love my new Kindle Fire HD 10 and hope I ...	0	0	I love my new Kindle Fire HD 10 and hope I never have a problem with it like I had with my Kindle Fire HD 8.9. The products are top notch but if you ever have a problem you will find that Kindle and Prime Video customer service people are some of the worst in the industry.
R2K0UIP7SRD86U	5.0	and believe I may like it better	0	0	This is my fourth Kindle! Everyone of them have met my expectations. My new kindle is lighter and thinner. I believe it may be faster to respond. I am getting used to the new set up, and believe I may like it better. One of the best things is everything syncs thru so fast!
R1QRHAZG0E7X0G	4.0	Bully!	0	0	HD 10 exceeded my expectations by far with one exception. Your email program produces a product that is not user friendly. I have had the pleasure of using several email programs that did not require a rocker scientist for management. Do you have any suggestions?
R2AAIVTMS97EG2	5.0	like this HD 10 very much	2	3	like this HD 10 very much .but i would like to say that it could be better with "MAYDAY" not HELP. if one day i could get a ,MAYDAY APP. let me know. thank you very much for this "TABLET"
R2OKQ6KT1ZDCMX	3.0	For the most part it's a great tablet for the price	0	0	For the most part it's a great tablet for the price. I'm a little frustrated that although it's connected to wifi the tablet at times will not recognize it. So if your watching a movie it suddenly doesn't see the wifi. I have to shut it down and then restart it.
R26C5BXKUVU76E	2.0	very slow	0	0	battery is very slow to charge and very guick to use your time the worse is no mayham button i loved that other than that it seems fine i wish i could trade it in for #9 instead of 10 liked it better and did you received my kindle back please let me know tks
R2ZI4VZSDXFSWM	3.0	very disappointed on this tablet	0	0	very disappointed on this tablet... I don't know what happened with the original kindle fire hdx... why didn't come a new version this year... that was a very good table, i even preferred over an Ipad air...this one not as I expected, think going back to Ipad....
R3LNKOJBAXRCKL	5.0	Amazing! Worth every penny.	0	0	How does Amazon keep doing this? I bought a new kindle Fire last year and never touched my iPad again. So I did not understand why I wanted to buy the 10. Now I know why. It is fantastic. Bigger picture, more storage, excellent response, and just plain fun.
R2F02J2LK54JGE	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	So easy to use and already set up!
R2JCHB93TBAGY0	5.0	Fire HD.10 .	0	0	Love it, finding out new things on it everyday. It's fast , clear. I was using a iPad and was very disappointed with it. This is my 4th kindle I love them and very easy to us. I highly recommend getting this tablet and all the extra apps and movies is awesome.
R2P8N8ZLBXE4PC	5.0	Great buy for me	0	0	Really like it very light and thin! Very sharp brilliant color. Easy to get started and intuitive. Definitely needs a good case to help stiffen and strengthen the overall HD-10 frame might even want to get an Otter type survival cast. The cost was reasonable
RRSI6I8LDRNJ5	5.0	Happy Grandma	0	0	Although I was hesitant about not buying a big brand, I am absolutely thrilled I did. I had a little longer learning curve (due to disability) but not enough to upset me at all. I have 2 young grandchildren and I plan on the kids 7 inch tablet for Christmas.
R1H34MPA09T7QA	4.0	Nice size tablet for the size	0	0	Nice size tablet for the size. Used up all my GB the first week after downloading too many apps which included Kindle books and movies. I had to but a 64 GB card to add more storage to my tablet. Good for reading watching movies and surfing the Web at home
RSP8PLQKC3NQQ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love it highly recommend it....
RNUDFIKTK4SM3	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It is amazing, I really love it.
R11WIDHHIQ2EGG	5.0	Fire HD 10	1	1	I'm extremely happy with my Fire.
R1VTJRLI4LEBL2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Much better than the 8.8 Love it!
R1GHR73FCU3FCN	1.0	One Star	1	1	Not as good as I would have hoped
R18GBEHEFYDMIR	5.0	A Great First Impression	2	3	New purchase. So far fantastic. The display is crisp and beautiful. The processor snaps to attention with no lag whatsoever. The only problem so far is getting my new Fire away from my kids.
R2CQRKS9KBFXFZ	5.0	I have found it easy to learn and the screen is appropriately sensitive	0	0	I debated over purchasing this device, the new Samsung or the new Ipad. The Kindle is considerably cheaper and offers everything that I need. I have found it easy to learn and the screen is appropriately sensitive. I am very pleased with my choice.
R10T9F2ZJPUSGL	1.0	but am very sad I did	0	0	Very sluggish. Doesn't read 128gig card half the time. Have to reboot it several times for it to work correctly (and not for long when it does). I buy all my videos from amazon, so wanted to try this tablet, but am very sad I did. Just terrible...
RT85S24532X1Y	4.0	I really like it!	0	0	I really like it!! Love the size and the viewing of it. Would have liked to have had a manual with examples of some of the uses with it but thats just me being old school I guess. It still doesn't hold a battery as long as I would like but thats ok.
R1LHDSVAG33UHE	5.0	I love it! It's sleek	0	0	Fire HD 10, 10.1" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB, Black This is our first tablet so I have nothing to compare it with. Having said that, though, I love it! It's sleek, light, quick, and easy to navigate. And the price is right!
R1OQIXDN5C89FH	5.0	Very nice tablet	0	0	I love this Kindle Fire. It is lighter than last year's model. The sound and picture are great. I also like where the pause and start button is on the screen. I have to pause my movies often because of my job and this Fire makes it easier to do.
R1S8SQ6THA9BOX	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This is amazing I have no issues
RKDUR4R1NWDXT	5.0	Nice	1	1	Very pleased with the new kindle
RYBV9HLFKVTE7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I like bit more than my kindle 7
R2PZ27TSK7H89G	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Bought one last weekend love it.
R1J3DFH4E046ZG	3.0	Fire 10_10.1	0	0	Display is beautiful and clear. There is no Live Help like on my 7" Fire HDX it's a little slow to boot up and when I attempt to shutdown it will not let me do so without holding the power button till it shuts down. Probably use Fire HDX more.
R17I150FCIIGK3	3.0	actually I liked my old HD8"HD better	0	0	actually I liked my old HD8"HD better.much easier to use & the game I enjoyed playing Scrable Online with my friends ,for some reason is not compatible with the HD10. I wish you could make it compatible with the HD10,very disappointed by this.
R2DVWTZS9RY5DZ	5.0	Great little tablet for the person that wants a straight ...	0	0	Great little tablet for the person that wants a straight forward tablet that is easy to use. Unlike some of the other tablet brands the text to speech function for book reading actually works. And navigating from application to application is easy
R1R53ZPPHQ3GLD	4.0	Needless to say I was very disappointed. It is now up and running	0	0	My Fire arrived set to Spanish. It took me an hour and a half with customer service to set it to English. Plus $26.00 with tech service to get no where. Needless to say I was very disappointed. It is now up and running. I am now enjoying it.
R30R49E58E8HNU	4.0	Kindle Fire 10.1, HD	0	0	I really like it, but I have the past 4 Kindles. This one doesn't have all the things that the others have. One I miss is the dictionary when reading. It is just somewhat different. Had a great picture for shows and movies and great sound.
R37OW8O525RDZS	3.0	Slow to load	2	3	It seems to take a long time for anything to load --games, Facebook, messages, etc. I expected the response to be as fast as my phone since both devices are connected to the same WiFi.
R2X5L4V0N40OGD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very good&fast.Meets expections
R2VTN0LOUA6BIU	5.0	SO NICE.	1	1	STILL PLAYING WITH IT, SO NICE.
RU714NUBXAK4N	5.0	I love Fire HD 10	0	0	I love Fire HD 10, this is much lighter and the screen display is very sharp. Thanks to this tablet my flight experience was very enjoyable. I love playing games, reading my books and watching movies on this tablet. A great investment.
RJDYKSC31L8TP	1.0	This is the worst tablet I ever had in my hand	2	3	This is the worst tablet I ever had in my hand... Not even with a T1 WiFi connection this garbage is capable to load a page quick. I will return this amateur tablet of course.
R3ABY9FE4MMZXU	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great machine.. Vivid display.
R2PI6U49HT0SSD	2.0	CPU is not enough for this huge display	0	0	Battery life is not good, and it is usually freezing while navigating through applications, probably this is because of Android but, I wasn't experience this problem on Samsung devices. So my point is 2 stars just because of Price
R1F9WNE4MXD08Y	5.0	Kindle 10 is just perfect.	0	0	This Fire HD 10 is my 6th Kindle. I love the new one, the size of the screen is great. It's easy to use. I had no problems at all setting it up. There are plenty of helps, and helpful short video's. I am quite pleased with it all.
R2NY1QSEW4IEYX	5.0	My 5th but best Kindle.	0	0	This is an very nice tablet. Actually, it's my 5th Kindle, but also my best. I am typing this review using my new Kindle keyboard which is very nice as well. Considering the price it has to be the best tablet deal on the market.
R22DC1DJOVIG5F	5.0	Nice Tablet.	0	0	I like the Fire HD, I am still playing around with it. It is much bigger than the 8.9, and I miss the carousel but I like it. I takes a few minutes before it loads but I have patients. the price was ok. I like the free book read.
RAWBN0V0A6667	4.0	The only thing that I don't like about it is there is no google play on ...	0	0	It does everything I need it to do. The only thing that I don't like about it is there is no google play on it and the Amazon app store sucks. It would be veered with a classic android layout. But all in all, it's a good tablet.
R77550QTZPQEX	5.0	I absolutely LOVE IT! I couldn't wait to receive it and ...	0	0	I absolutely LOVE IT! I couldn't wait to receive it and am enjoying using it all the time. I have not experienced any drawbacks and I feel it is a great tablet for the money. I believe it was and still remains a wise investment.
R32RZ1MAGOWIJA	4.0	Needs are met	0	0	I bought the fire tablet specifically for reading and watching tv shows and movies. It meets my needs for both. It's easy to use and all of it's features are accessible with a minimum amount of effort. Gerald W. Wing Jr.
R1EO4MOLKMSZWA	5.0	Bigger is Better	0	0	I like the size of new Kindle Fire. I took on trip to Florida and enjoyed watching movies on it. Pretty good battery life and I download a couple of movies to watch on the plane from Prime. Kindle and Prime match made in heaven
R3LXFGKRDFI619	1.0	One of the WORST	4	6	So far this is the WORST and most frustrating device I've ever purchased from AMAZON, constantly freezes, and I mean CONSTANTLY
R1S4S8JSFP11HI	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it also have a newer one
R2SXZYDRC1LSSC	4.0	fFre 10' HD or Fire 8.9 HD ? Is bigger better?	0	0	I am still in the evaluating stage, there seems to be some thing different that i don't understand the different between the Fire 8.9 HD and the Fire 10' HD; Why an app would work on the Fire 8.9 HD and not the Fire 10' HD.
R3A9VV49WNPFEV	4.0	I feel like it is kinda of slow	0	0	I feel like it is kinda of slow, just a little. But I have a question, I read some reviews about how you can can change the background color when your reading a book, how do I do that? Sincerely, Cherie
R1H943GPPH3FU3	2.0	definitely disappointing	0	0	I was really hopeful that this was going to be a great tablet. Especially since Amazon had already had so many releases. This was definitely disappointing especially the delayed responses when keying or selecting anything.
RGYVEHMBTK31K	3.0	Disapointed!	0	0	I was disappointed and sent mine back. The HD quality is a downgrade from last year's HDX. The rectangle size was odd too. I usually prefer Kindle over the IPAD but am getting tired of all the issues I have had with mine.
R19UPOI518SQ3R	5.0	I like it.	0	0	I like the display. It works fine. I like the price. I'm still learning the operating system. I had an iPad. I wanted to upgrade as the iPad is over three years old. It weighs less then the iPad. Easier on my hands.
R3BAJL306POKGD	3.0	A little slow for a $350+ tablet	0	0	To be honest... it's good for the basics... and good for amazon things like the store and all that jazz... If you wanna buy one of these.... buy the smaller one. Or just invest in a good "ALL IN ONE".
RFEYCT8YB3X2Y	5.0	Great kindle	0	0	I really enjoy my new fire. The only problem with it is skipping and adding spaces when typing and have to keep deleting and retyping. Also there is also Iittle ball bottom left corner it would be ok if I was left handed because that is where I hold it and it keeps going to that screen. Very irritating. car ?
R3E8QWQJLLFVPD	4.0	I like the the tablet but dislike the hard cover	0	0	I like the the tablet but dislike the hard cover. A soft leather cover would be very nice. Not as easy to hold while reading due to thin cover. I hope someone makes a better cove. Any hints as to where I might get one.
R33BO4PAKQ06S7	4.0	good device	2	3	Special offers are mainly for e-books. Not a huge issue, but the 15 bucks to have them removed I would have paid upon purchase. Other than that its a nice device.
R35Q313J9B39O3	5.0	Better than ever	0	0	Love it love it love it! I have the small kindle and my husband was hogging it so I got the newest biggest one for him and it's better than ever. We are a kindle fire, Amazon fire stick and prime family all the way!
RP1LEH72BI5OA	5.0	Good	0	0	I really like it. I just hope it lasts longer than my other kindled. I took a chance in buying it and so far so good. I like the 10 inch size and the picture is clear. It hasn't frozen up yet like the other 2 did
RQRLAEO1X7S69	3.0	just bought it	0	0	It doesn't work well when you touch it and it's a touch screen. Also it doesn't come with any insructions .when you put something on the screen it flickers and changes screens . Going to find out what's going on.
R3LQXRV4SWTJKY	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	this is my best tablet,yet!
R3CTRDC32V6OB2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Good tablet to watch movies
R1D13S507QZ6PR	5.0	Pleased	1	1	Very pleased with purchase.
RPCJXD69UJSXQ	5.0	Nice, Very Nice!	0	0	The right size for me and the screen is super sharp. First accessory was a case. The unit is so thin and shiny I had to bulk it up. Haven't played with it much but when I do I will revise if necessary.
R3BONWBHTHFSFY	5.0	kindle fire 10.1HD	2	3	I love it; little different, but got a hand of it. All the kindle I have, have different concepts, but you'll get a hand of it. Just love the size of it
R3IYIFEI7PGP95	5.0	New year of fun	2	3	I like all of the devices.I have purchased online and I was really happy with the new fire 10, 10.1 would recommend it to anyone who wants a new fire.
R2BE7980N3OI0E	4.0	Great unit	0	0	This unit met my requirements and then some. The sound is well above any expectations that I had. The picture quality is great. I am very satisfied overall with this unit and would purchase it again..
RO862CSE9F14R	4.0	Hoping this is the one!!!	1	2	Okay, so far! I had to return my previous Fire 8.2 (or whatever it was) because it just didn't work. They sent me a lemon and I was not happy. I called and they emailed a return label and my plan was to just give up on Kindle for good but then I saw the Fire 10 advert. It was larger and over $100 less. It lacks a few of the things that the other one had but I don't really need Mayday and never even knew what Firefly was. I've been using the Fire 10 for a few days now and everything seems to be okay. I'm hoping it continues that way. I love the thinness of it and the picture is so big and clear; reading is much easier and the games don't seem as "wonky" as before. The only (very minor) problems I've had so far is my music seems to not come up as quickly as on other Kindles and the music screen seems a bit crowded with all that Prime info that I'm not interested in. Haven't tried to listen to my audio books or play a Netflix movie yet. Hopefully those will work fine. Need to do both before the time period is up because I won't settle for a Fire where "almost" everything works. There are too many other cheaper tablets out now.
R2VW5CLVDWA7Y1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Works great. Thanks, Cathy
R2NY3U0JO88TTC	1.0	awful piece of inferior product	4	6	what a dissapointment. processor is very slow and it locks up frequently. going back to my Samsung tablet
R3F4C1S8CO3EJU	5.0	I am very pleased with my new kindle	0	0	I am very pleased with my new kindle. I mainly ordered since is bigger and can better read books. The bonus for me as a Amazon prime member is the ability to watch shows that are in my video library.
R2LVAP0XODAH6D	5.0	Fire HD 10	0	0	My husband kept borrowing my iPad and kindle fire, so got him an early Christmas gift and he loves it, now mine is mine and his, is his. He likes the bigger screen. It's everything he will ever need.
R3F56PUXSD24MJ	5.0	Love my kindle fire	0	0	Love my kindle fire, great setup, the ability to expand space, change wallpaper and android screen. I have it in a orange case, beautiful! I am getting use to it, early Christmas gift to myself.
R22BZZI6X8J25L	1.0	disappointed the programs keep running even while off it will ...	4	6	disappointed the programs keep running even while off it will not let me get rid of programs I will not use
R2Z0SICRRA09L0	2.0	good product, nice HD screen,but...........	0	0	Fire HD 10 was charged 100%, everything works fine, closed the Amazon Fire HD10 case which I ordered together; I can not get HD 10 power back on after a while. I held the power button on for few seconds or longer, it won't get power on.
R318E1511LJEQX	1.0	Disgusted	3	5	How can I write a review when there is no instruction booklet with the thing?????? I'll be 80 in January, have never had any kind of tablet, Smart phone, etc., and I have no idea where to begin. Yes,, I've charged it (at least that was easy enough), but then I thought I was setting the clock. Alas, it was the alarm, and it went off early this morning when I had finally gotten to sleep after no sleep for several days because of a monstrous cold. I couldn't figure out how to turn the thing off. I attempted to go to where I set the silly thing, and couldn't ever get to that 'page'. I was ready to slam the thing on the floor!!! This is not the first time I've ordered something electronic from Amazon that came with no instructions. I've tried emailing for help to no avail. I'm really feeling too sick to mess with all of this.
R1VSFRWB74TTE7	3.0	Very disappointed	1	2	Very disappointed, my other Kindles have everything sorted and categorised. Games, there's all your games, movies, videos, music, etc, etc. If you want to move it to the cloud, hold your finger on it, boom move it to cloud, take it off the device, move off the carousel. On the Fire 10 all the apps are Willy nilly on the screen, I went to music and it took 10 minutes to find my downloaded music and playlists, when I went back to music it took another 10 minutes to find MY PLAYLIST, It kept taking me to a playlist THEY THOUGHT I wanted. Other complained the quality of pixalations (sic), there is a bar when setting up, you slide until its in focus, so that was no problem. It over heats when using a case. I could go on and on. Basically it's not organized, finding everything you downloaded from the cloud, have fun finding it. The two good points is watching movies and listening to music, the Dolby 5.1 great. I wish I could type more, busted thumb, so calling quits. I WILL BE RETURNING IT, REMEMBER IF YOU SEND IT BACK DO A FACTORY RESET AND GET ALL YOUR PERSONAL INFO OFF.
R3LNXKOOJSRWOL	3.0	slow and unresponsive.	0	0	For the price it may be a good deal for some but I would rather pay more for a tablet that is faster and more responsive. I thought the display was very good and the sound was exceptional though.
R3L7YG4F0P58M4	5.0	It's so easy to use	0	0	It was even more than I expected. The screen is so clear. It's so easy to use. This is my 3rd kindle, don' t think I need any more. Well u never know but for now I am very happy. Thank you Amazon.
RGP8L5GB4BSPW	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great color fast and easy
R3CV336B0XL20V	5.0	Fire H D 10.1"	0	0	WOW: you have done it again, i have purchased other fire tablets for grand children, but this one is for me...and i am looking forward to having it all to my self...wonderful wonderful wonderful
R2OW03UCRGSOQU	5.0	kindle fire	0	0	Awesome color and clarity. Light and user friendly. Tech service was wonderful. They assisted me in transferring data from my third Kindle to this, my fourth. Keep up the good work. Thank you.
RTZYO8CLNYG3X	1.0	Dead on Arrival (almost)	5	8	We've been a loyal Amazon family for years and have enjoyed earlier versions of the Kindle immensely. So when the release of this new unit coincided with my wife's birthday, I pre-ordered a snazzy new Kindle Fire HD 10 inch for her and awaited the big day. Unfortunately, the new Kindle was a total bust. It worked as advertised for exactly 1 hour and then...whoosh - No more Home Screen. Just a black screen of death. Hours of charging, troubleshooting and re-starting failed to change the outcome. We are returning and purchasing an Apple product. Sigh. Can ANYONE compete with Apple?
RYVJHKSTG64C1	4.0	Third kindle	0	0	This is my third kindle and I like this one because it's bigger and much easier to read. I also like that it's lighter in weight. I also b the case but I don't think it's worth the $50.
R1POYLDR0D1J0A	5.0	We are a Kindle family and we love them for all ages	2	3	This Kindle meets and exceeds expectations. We are a Kindle family and we love them for all ages. Grandparents, Parents and Grandchildren!
R21LGQY1664KG3	4.0	Can compete with the best of them	0	0	Sound is great, speakers (all the way up) don't sound muddy or distorted. Bought as a gift and owner cannot put it down. I think it's as good as a Samsung Galaxy Tab without the high price.
R3A8F4MY7MM8J5	5.0	Love it!	1	1	A masterpiece! Love it!!
R1801ZMPR4G090	5.0	Great device for my needs	0	0	I'm still getting used to it as I mainly use my kindle for reading, but the more I explore this tablet, the better I like it. It's a new adventure for me and I am thoroughly enjoying it.
RC06ZJ27FGIAV	4.0	The clearest and fastest fire I have ever used. ...	0	0	The clearest and fastest fire I have ever used. Still there is a lot of learning on how to go around using apps since there is a lot of changes in the outlay from the previous versions.
R2L17PTP07I0Z4	5.0	recommend it with a full five stars!	0	0	This is the best fire ever! It is massive and very durable and has a very good processor that makes it very fast. i use it all of the time and recommend it with a full five stars!
RZ5X37LP0NJN0	5.0	I love the kindle and recommend to people	2	3	This is my second kindle and so far after 2 days is doing exactly what a kindle should do. I love the kindle and recommend to people.
R1E22T6BG1HLUS	4.0	OK	0	0	Takes some getting used to since it differs from both Windows and Android. But works well except it sometimes requires several forceful taps to cause it to respond to a touch command.
R350QTBGCZYWCZ	3.0	I returned this tablet after testing it. It froze ...	0	0	I returned this tablet after testing it. It froze on me a few times when trying to manage apps or switch between them. Battery lasted for quite some time, and the screen was lovely.
R21VJ6CQ3JHBSZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love the larger screen.
R3FRKSL66SPRO4	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	What I been waiting for
R1HNI6PWM661BG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It is great, so usable.
RIBCHQTPC8FEL	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	The Kindle 10 is great!
R1GTW6KH4V5SBJ	5.0	So far so good. I am pleased with the size and weight ...	0	0	So far so good. I am pleased with the size and weight also the display. Don't use all the app that come with it but I have enough space for what I need to download so all is good.
RPQYAQHZ1XD6N	3.0	Love the size of picture and how thin it is	0	0	It took me a week to figure out where everything was. Love the size of picture and how thin it is. It isn't as easy to find anything especially the apps that were on the old one!!
R4I55IHASR56S	3.0	I really hate having ads ( game offers) on my screen every ...	1	2	Since my Fire 8.9 inch was starting to show signs of age I decided to upgrade to this one. The increase in screen size isn't really noticable, and the picture seems not quite as sharp as the old one. Adjusting the sound while playing video is cumbersome , to say the least. I really hate having ads ( game offers) on my screen every time I open the tablet. Not sure why, but the Hulu app doesn't work very well here. Probably Hulu's fault, but stopping and going back to the list of episodes is again, cumbersome. Much prefer using my old Fire 8.9 or laptop for Hulu. Netflix is fine. I bought this for streaming video so I can't say much about the other functions ( still use my old Fire for books, music etc). I guess people complained about the carousel, but the new screen is more of a change than an improvement. All in all, if Amazon offered my old Fire HD 8.9 side by side as it was with this new product, I'd take the old one every time.
R1YDK10EKE3Q8E	4.0	meh	0	0	I mostly like it. I like the larger screen & the actual buttons it now has. I don't like the home screen layout & how you have to sweep up instead of across to unlock the screen.
R3BMABN01CHOR5	1.0	Not as happy with fire 10	0	0	Not as happy with fire 10, to many icons on screen that I can't delete, not as easy to use when sending texts have to keep rechecking my sentences and fixing your auto correct
R3B70IOHEEYWEK	5.0	my NEW Kindle	0	0	I upgraded when my Kindle DX Gen 2 gave up. I went for the largest screen they had. Everything in the spec is on the money., Worth every penny. Anthony
R3LZZ26XVCC90Q	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	ez to use and set up !
R3JK2M74AD24A1	3.0	Touch screen technology needs work.	0	0	The touch screen technology needs to be improved. It is to erratic to trust. Sometimes it repeats or does not react at all . Otherwise I like everything about this system.
R1TELK93EZUJK4	1.0	1 last week and I am VERY disappointed in it	1	2	Received my Kindle 10, 10.1 last week and I am VERY disappointed in it. I had Kindle Fire 7 before and loved it . The only thing about this I like is the size and the fact that you can use a memory card in it . The camera does not take good pictures like the 7, they are fuzzy and the processor is a lot slower for things to come up. I'm thinking that Kindle needs to put some patches on the 10, 10.1 to get it to work better . I can't get on some of my apps to work like I used to be able to . I am very disappointed in Amazon putting out a newer and bigger product like this but not making it better ! So, my recommendation to you is NOT TO PURCHASE this until they get patches out to fix all the problems . I am not new to Kindle and I have never felt this way about Amazon Kindle product before. This is my fourth Kindle . In the past when I upgraded the Kindles got bigger, better and faster but not so with this new Kindle 10, 10.1.
R3RG1EES1MZJDB	2.0	I like my Fire HD 10	0	0	I like my Fire HD 10, but it seems to be a lot harder to sync with my old one. I have spoken with the Kindle people and still all of my question have not be resolved.
RNJ8RQZHPYJ8J	4.0	Overall I like it. It is kind of big and bulky	0	0	Overall I like it. It is kind of big and bulky. Battery life isn't all that. That's my only complaint is battery life. I mostly use for reading and light web surfing.
R3DUYLD0PUEWV2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	As good as advertised
R39WFSOVOAXD0L	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Meets my expectations
R1CDWNZCTVX1HY	5.0	Love my new Kindle.	2	3	Loved it. The kindle keeps getting better and better. I have owned various Kindles and this one does not disappoint.
RMK5LDZS2BRQA	5.0	great kindle	0	0	This is one of the best Kindles I have owned. Love the size and the sound. The new operating system is excellent. This is a great buy and my family has 5 kindles.
RE7V7E1EYAI0N	5.0	10 inch Kindle Fire is a must have!	0	0	This updated 10' Kindle Fire is exactly what I have been dreaming about! It is thin, fast and beautiful to look at! It is well worth the price! Thank you Amazon!!
R224MM1VR3HYLJ	4.0	Good buy for the price	0	0	Good buy for the price. Display is still beautiful even if the resolution is only 149 ppi. I'd give it 5 stars if the memory was boosted to at least 1.5GB
RBNRZOT0Y8L3J	4.0	I was disappointed in not being able to see On Demand with ...	0	0	I was disappointed in not being able to see On Demand with Xfinity. The Xfinity tv go is not compatible with the hd 10 at this time. Everything else is great.
R3EIEZTX10EI2W	5.0	Love it	0	0	This is by far my favorite tablet I've ever gotten. The screen is very clear, it's slim, it's big but it isn't too big. I am highly satisfied with my kindle! :)
R1VIONJKG98HHC	5.0	My Husband loves it!	0	0	Bought it for my husband and he is very happy. He was the first in our family to use a fire tablet so this upgrade is easy and the larger screen is great,too.
R1IXN0NCEIOX1L	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Enjoy my kindle fire
R31X073J4T77Y2	5.0	10 inch screen is great.	0	0	Like the 10 inch screen. Don't like the advertisement that shows up when you turn it on. Battery seems to deplete kind of quickly. Many features are nice.
RU6H7GS6JFTT	4.0	would have liked better resolution and a faster processor	0	0	I do like it, but I would have prefered paying somewhat more for even better resolution and a faster processor. Those two issues are OK, but just that, OK.
R29NWYHSCFBKIX	5.0	I have a $50. 00 cift card can I ...	0	0	I have a $50.00 cift card can I use it to buy that tablet that,s on sale for black Friday.let me no just how much it will cost me thank you Sherry Harris.
R1JJPN2OHIEJYU	5.0	Vwery nice tablet. I don'tr really want an iphone	0	0	Vwery nice tablet. I don'tr really want an iphone, so this was a shot in the dark for me. I can do everything that I need it for so far, so I'm pleased.
RWRZJXCG4COCR	3.0	Just okay for the money.	0	0	Has nice display and is very lightweight, but glass is not sensitive enough when it's tapped once. Have to tap several times to click on a link. Annoying!
R3RX9JPY7C53VL	3.0	I like the size	0	0	I like the size...but it keeps freezing on me. Even though it's charged, it goes black and I can't do anything to start it unless I plug it in to charge.
R1X506BKPDDEXW	5.0	I love Amazon devices! And the new tablets don't disappoint	0	0	Love the tablet! Great quality definite improvements from just a fire hdx. Only downsides are the lack of some apps that aren't accessible or compatible.
R1WC8SRHKD3QIN	5.0	Perfect tablet at an affordable price.	0	0	Love the new slim design.Great price for a tablet with all the features of the more expensive versions, but with all the Amazon perks. Highly recommend!
RYKLCGF9A08FD	5.0	Fire he 10.1	0	0	I have owned a kindle since they first came out . This is the best by far, I love it the graphics are amazing.It was a Christmas present from me to me.
R1ZUP4B3CRIMF1	5.0	Awesome buy. !!	0	0	It preforms beautiful, pictures and movies are stunning. Super quick downloads. Love the 10 inch screen. I'm definitely going to buy from amazon again.
R33PONW2V6OGJM	5.0	Love the Fire HD 10	3	5	I love my Fire HD 10. This is my third Kindle. I have three different sizes and they all have a purpose. The Fire HD 10 is a great tablet. It pretty much set itself up, very easy to use. I have had no issues with it at all. I debated on getting a third tablet since I already had two but I wanted the larger size for the screen and I love the 32 GB it came with. Using Prime and watching TV shows, movies, etc., is so much nicer on the bigger screen. I have an extensive library and read a lot, with 32 GB I am not worried about running out of space. . I would recommend this tablet.
R1SH1O412PFW0O	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Fit and looks great
R1771OUTSS6DVY	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Outstanding Tablet!
R31NX7582WIMYD	4.0	7 better than 10.	0	0	I have only had my kindle HD10, 10.1 for a few days. I like the size of the screen,but its hard to hold on to to read. I like my.little 7 much better.
R382HF2B6AB5ZZ	3.0	The battery life is not good. What happened to the call for help	2	3	The battery life is not good. What happened to the call for help? It doesn't look as jazzy as i expected.
R1DTN56ACVCY6D	5.0	Nice tablet	0	0	Good access to Amazon content, which I use anyways. When I want to use the device for non-Amazon based activities, the Amazon theme is not intrusive.
R3D9CPT5DWFUH0	4.0	very nice but be aware that the usual cover for 10	0	0	very nice but be aware that the usual cover for 10.1" does not fit this tablet--it is shaped differently so requires a cover unique to its shape.
R977NC2P2VYNJ	5.0	am very satisfied with kindle only ting that is disappointing is that ...	0	0	am very satisfied with kindle only ting that is disappointing is that it does not come wih a manual this would be more helpful than on the kindle
RQ0AMS8F3HJZZ	4.0	The best part of the new version is the ability to ...	1	2	I purchased the new Kindle Fire 10' and have been using it since its release. The best part of the new version is the ability to add memory and store movies, music and other memory use programs directly on the Kindle Fire. I happen to live in an area where Cable and Internet frequently goes out so being able to store shows and music is a great benefit. The My Video program that comes with this version is useless and shows no Titles. I downloaded Rocket Player and that meets my stored music and video needs. The help service that comes with the unit is poor at best but I have learned through trial and error to get a lot out the programing. Overall I give the Fire 10' a high rating and I am pleased with its performance at this time but I am looking forward to some of the updates in the near future.
R3L138HO3P0S5P	2.0	Laggy and buggy, missing features in a lot of ...	0	0	Laggy and buggy, missing features in a lot of apps. It makes me feel that Amazon has not really put too much effort in customizing this Android.
R23WO92C3KDE5U	5.0	Best for Amazon Prime members!	0	0	I'm an Amazon Prime member and I love how this tablet is geared toward that. Great movie quality, user friendly, and love the Underground store!
R3RGB1XW0GSLND	5.0	I LOVE IT	1	1	I LOVE THIS DEVICE
R2HETOQK5HKMZ2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great Kindle Fire!
R2V5O9R4BFDJNW	3.0	Needs work	1	1	Could be better!!!
R1W9WXO2JL67OZ	5.0	Satisfied customer	0	0	After using it for a while I am still as excited as the first day. Price is right. It could not be any easier to use. I am glad that I got it.
RZI42KAEWFLSA	5.0	BIG FIRE AT AMAZON	2	3	FANTASTIC ! Everything about it is 1st class. So glad I pre-ordered and waited on this great tablet
R29GGSTG5HQ1EQ	1.0	Locked out with horrible wifi...	1	2	No Google Play store means none of the apps I already have can be used. It also means that if its not on the Amazon store then you can't use it either. The size is nice, the color is nice, the sound is great. The wifi constantly drops connection even in the same room as the router no matter what connection you are using, 2.4 or 5. Overall the spotty wifi issues and not being able to use Google Play makes me mostly likely content to return this thing and look elsewhere for a entertainment tablet. You can do better Amazon, shame on you! UPDATED: Dropping it to one star because after using a bit more that sound is really not that great after all, the wifi issues are incredibly annoying and it takes several attempts to even get it to download an app from the app store...
R3NWQ6Z8ZGIJEC	2.0	much slower than fire hdx too much interference from adds ...	0	0	much slower than fire hdx too much interference from adds or other apps freezes up in the middle of something have to exit and start again
R3OFP7PR18OQ6O	5.0	I will not be getting another laptop as this is so much better. Thank you	0	0	Now I won't have any use for my old laptop as the cat peed on it.I will not be getting another laptop as this is so much better.Thank you.
R88ETHJS5GXHV	5.0	5 STARS for the newest Kindle release.	0	0	This is my 3rd Kindle and my favorite one. It's just the right size to carry around for viewing and the picture quality is truly amazing.
RTPJGQYZD19MU	2.0	very disappointed and discouraged!	0	0	I am very disappointed in this device! My first generation kindle was more compatible with various apps. I do not recommend this product!
R2SQICGNV3H5FE	5.0	Exceeds my expectations. Do not now need to deal ...	2	3	Exceeds my expectations. Do not now need to deal with iTunes store and hard to download books.
R30LB8R8K9HHUQ	3.0	Meh... good for grandma or grandpa	0	0	Don't expect a lot. It's pretty and it works well but it's painfully slow. I have last years HD6 and it runs circles around this device.
R28AD9K2IVD5LQ	4.0	I can not easily tell which books I have read and while I ...	0	0	Although all my books downloaded from my older kindle fire, I can not easily tell which books I have read and while I have not yet read.
R9EIKC18U530X	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very lightweight.
R2OJ3UUOMFV0VK	5.0	Great the best.	0	0	Love it just have to get use to it. I have a older kindle but this is so much better. Thanks you Amazon has the best service and stuff.
R38P88ZH1ENQJD	3.0	Not worth the cost vs. the older Fire HD 10.1	1	2	This device continues all the limitations of the original Fire HD 10.1 while adding little that is new and useful. For example, it's maximum internal memory is 32 GB. It comes with the capability to use a 128 GB mini storage card. Unfortunately, this card cannot be used for book storage, the main reason I purchase a Kindle. It's slightly less bulky than the original and Amazon has expanded its Apps library. But still it's very difficult to load apps that are not purchased (free and for $) at the Amazon web site. Also, it remains impossible to download books from Google Play onto the device. All in all, not worth the cost to replace by 2012 Fire HD 10.1. Come on Amazon, there are some things to fix and none are tough to do.
R10UUE2B1YO9C6	3.0	The bigger screen is good for reading but you cannot make the font bigger	0	0	The bigger screen is good for reading but you cannot make the font bigger. Also every time you unlock the screen the camera comes on.
R1EI93376MHSFT	5.0	Other than that is is so far just great.	0	0	Said it came with a 6 month unlimited books, but when i clicked it on it was for one month. Other than that is is so far just great.
R2S2751Y1AJ8UF	4.0	Makes a nice gift for grandma	0	0	Overall very satisfied. Somewhat hard for us old people to understand. Your solitary game isn't as fast as my game on my old kindle.
R7GCLNO0DJVR9	3.0	I like my old kindle better	0	0	I like my old kindle better. This one to me is a little more complicated. I have to work with this one more to learn its features
R20U7KTC5196RN	3.0	HD 10	2	3	I like the big screen, BUT it's not as fast as Fire HDX. The home screen can be confusing.
RY90YM6S0XRDL	5.0	Simply Amazing	0	0	Simply amazing; upgraded from the original large kindle and got a huge credit, and this has nearly the full capability of a laptop
R1M9WMEPLRUL4Z	2.0	Regretting the purchase	3	5	Don't waste your money, just buy the $49 Kindle fire. This device is very slow, touch screen is difficult to use because you have to get it in the right spot, doesn't have the web option like the kindle: you Have to use the silk browser which I despise. The only good thing is the screen size. I need larger text size because of my vision so more words show up on the page. Regretting spending my money on this. Amazon sucked me in thinking this would be as good as the regular kindle fire.
R3EXCDF91YKEEP	5.0	The fire HD 10 was exactly what I was hoping ...	0	0	The fire HD 10 was exactly what I was hoping for. I have been waiting for a Fire that was large enough to read graphic novels on.
R2MWWUSIGJGL2A	5.0	LOVE MY KINDLE'S	0	0	Love my kindle's. I have 2 that I bought several years ago. I now have the new HD 8" and love it. I will always buy Kindle
R2MREPS14KI39V	2.0	It's ok for the price	0	0	It's at first thoughted it would be as good as a Samsung Galaxy but it slower and more clunky then earlier generations of kindles
R3QW54NQ4WRGDG	5.0	Phenomenal!	0	0	Responds beyond all expectations. Works so well, I no longer have to take my laptop to Panama to be online. It is just amazing.
R1BW7NC3VGEZ3F	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very impressive.
RZGZE1AD24LAJ	5.0	I would definitely recommend it.	0	0	The HD 10 is magnificent!!! Wish I had bought it sooner. If you're interested in buying one, I would definitely recommend it.
R1X4Q4GSCRF8QS	4.0	Glad I made the purchase	0	0	I love the larger screen and the picture clarity is wonderful. This is my second fire purchase and we are very happy with them.
RIQYM0DGPSBOG	5.0	"I AM A FAN OF THE KINDLE 10.1!!!"...	0	0	I am a total fan of the "Amazon Kindle"!!! Whether it is the Kindle Fire, or the new Kindle 10.1.....I Love It!!!! ☆☆☆☆
R152ODWTUNXZ7	3.0	It would be nice if kindles had sd card capability	0	0	It would be nice if kindles had sd card capability. That way I could by a lot of books and transfer them to different kindles. While kindles are superior to nooks on hardware, I find the book selection a bit lacking - especially in nonfiction.
R230FWMSFSL9B3	5.0	I love it. I set the font a little bigger ...	2	3	I love it. I set the font a little bigger and I can read all day long and then some.
R3MLKOE2R6FD0Y	4.0	Its has a great picture, very light	0	0	Its has a great picture, very light, good sound quality. The battery is ok. Navigating is cumbersome at best through its OS.
R27QPGUJXBQDKM	5.0	Three Kindles	0	0	I own Three Kindled I love the HDX7 for its size the new 10,1 is still new once I learn it I will be ready for the next one
R1BCQ2SC84OJXT	5.0	better than I expected	1	2	I was not sure how I would like it. I like kindle fire except the size. So the new one as appealing just not sue about the changes in navigation. I am used to the way my kindle fire is and comfortable with the ease of navigating. But I have to say I am really pleased with the new layout. I went ahead and bought the keyboard case. That was real appealing and sold me on getting the new. To my sadnes I have to say don't spend the money on it. It is not worth $100.00. I had to get it replaced already. If this new does not work then I am just going to send it back and get a refund. But to add on a positive note I would highly recommend the new fire 10 inch kindle fire.
R3P2JJET1F0WE0	2.0	Feels like old Windows '95	2	3	It seems rather SLOW. Opening Apps. And loading pages. Feels like old Windows '95!
R3NA9PXBXHJJU5	5.0	Love my new Kindle	0	0	I love it. I can see things better. I just wish I could transfer my games from my other kindle. I recommend it to any one.
R3GDALEEXBQVEN	1.0	SCREEN PROTECTION ?	0	0	i have a kindle, which does not need a "screen" protector , why does this super new one need screen protection ?
R1O70M1GQY96CB	5.0	Defently not true what they say about the fire, if you want name brand then you just got suckered.	0	0	Its lighter weight, my old samsug was heavy, work very well, and faster, the optics seem to be clears, colors more rich
RDQKU9M1RR983	5.0	Get it	0	0	Had all the fire's. By far the best and you can use an ad card for more room. Totally cool birthday present from Hubby
R2TPEK19AW8N88	1.0	One Star	2	3	It is light weight an easy to carry. The pictures on the books are large an cleR
R1XVIR1EEWHJM6	5.0	Amazon you got it right!	1	2	The display is beautiful everything works perfectly. I love the picture. There's a lot of negativity about slowdown or how fast it loads the when you're searching on webpages for instance. Sorry people but that's gonna be normal this is not a supercomputer there's a tablet you have to remember that. As far as the tablet goes this performs excellence for what I use it for and I'll tell you all the stuff they have for this now is excellent books video entertainment your pictures the web what more could you ask for . it's an excellent little unit and I'll be recommending it to my friends for sure again thanks Amazon very happy customer.
R1YEHGV1GMFT46	5.0	clear bright and easy to manage from app to app	0	0	This is my 3rd Kindle product. the 10 inch screen is a marvel, clear bright and easy to manage from app to app.
R14FABMB6FDMBJ	5.0	I love the Fintie case for my Fire 10 in	0	0	I love the Fintie case for my Fire 10 in. tablet! It's sturdy, well made , and attractive. I'll be ordering another!
R1GYG4WZVIK992	5.0	Great improvement over my old Kindle Fire	0	0	What a great screen. Easy to set up and use. Good value for the price. I need to get a case. Really like this device
R38NPWSMFQGEPX	5.0	I love it, I'm having so much fun	0	0	I love it, I'm having so much fun . I have the 7 and 8.8 and the 10 and this one is great , it's the best one yet.
R2BIHQOE32OBIY	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great picture.
RZ1CYZ1E3IX1K	5.0	Glad I ordered this Kindle!!!	0	0	Best Kindle ever!!!! I'm really enjoying playing with it..easy to use!!!! Love the lightness and wider screen...
R3QZU492O9FJEX	5.0	... because it's different from the hd8 but it's the best kindle I've owned and I have six	0	0	I had to get used to it because it's different from the hd8 but it's the best kindle I've owned and I have six.
RXYONFSUZ80FL	4.0	Over all pretty good	0	0	I really like the screen size. It is so much better than the 7 inch. Not thrilled with the picture resolution.
R8MJA4VRDAWZO	5.0	happy with my fire tablet	0	0	Great product. Was tired of the Apple echo system. Nothing complicated. This works just fine. Very happy.
R2QUAPVZJQ846R	4.0	I know I will love ir!	0	0	I haven't had much chance to use it as I do not have wireless yet but will have soon. I know I will love ir!
RC8NPUKQTYU4I	3.0	Adds adds adds	0	0	Don't like all the sales pitches. Sometimes I just want to use it without seeing ads .they are a bit much .
RSU3MUKNIL5X5	5.0	Something to take pictures with easily and with a much larger screen for viewing	0	0	just what I wanted. Something to take pictures with easily and with a much larger screen for viewing movies
R3GKQ21FI2VL0F	5.0	Love it. I work remotely and this covers both ...	0	0	Love it. I work remotely and this covers both bases. Great entertainment and meeta my remote work needs.
R2GVTSTN7JA0R2	5.0	I Love It!!!	0	0	I Absolutely love it.... I am not disappointed at all with it... I would recommend everyone to get it!!!!
R35G0UZX3K9M0V	5.0	The $ cost value of this tablet is excellent. With the addition of a 128Gb mirco sd ...	0	0	The $ cost value of this tablet is excellent. With the addition of a 128Gb mirco sd card it is peerless.
R1NS8Q93U9KSHB	5.0	Exceeded all expectations	1	2	I had purchased a few other tablets in the under $300 category, but none met my Husband's expectations or needs. This was a Christmas gift, however I felt it necessary to allow him to check it out before hand. Everything has either met or exceeded his expectations. He loves it. Now that I have wrapped it, he is waiting with much excitement to get his hands on it again. Success! Oh.....and I bought one for mys elf as well. I've had a Kindle Fire since the first generation hit the market and I've always enjoyed using it. All I can say for the HD 10 is WOW!
R31JHLV9BDYKC4	3.0	No Printed Users Manual	3	5	I ordered this because I own the smaller version, however everyone should know there is no users manual included to read and the one on the tablet is useless if you cant figure out how to operate it! Other than that I would probably have given it a 5 star. Im smart enough to figure out how to turn it on and plug it in and those are the only instructions that come with it!
R3BZOGGLD1Y8BP	2.0	Disappointed with volume	0	0	The new 10.1 has the same low volume that my original fire 8.9 had. The fire 8.9 hdx gets twice as loud.
R2236PWWAKQMVH	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Love the size. Still getting everything installed as with all my Kindles, love it and use it every day.
R12F9GUDKC89VQ	5.0	This Fire HD replaced Dell Vue 10. The Fire ...	0	0	This Fire HD replaced Dell Vue 10. The Fire HD is more friendly user. That is why I gave it five stars.
R1DL3205SI5FGP	5.0	... my sixth one I ordered for friends and family wonderful so easy to order comes on time always	0	0	This is my sixth one I ordered for friends and family wonderful so easy to order comes on time always !
R37VBCW5OPOZSX	5.0	"Phenomenal"	0	0	What a phenomenal tablet. The quality is fantastic, The picture is razor sharp and I'm glad I got this.
R1M5BPQPPOK0VF	5.0	Love it love it love it	0	0	I love it, great size I won mine at our Company picnic I am so impressed compared to the tablet I had.
R2T07T13RIML8Q	5.0	Worth the price	0	0	So far so good I have had the tablet a few weeks and it seems to do all thatit's suppose too z@j
R22I19ZFFY5B73	1.0	Don't purchase Fire HD 10	1	2	I bought this to have the larger screen. The battery life is terrible 3 hours at most. I will be viewing something on face book and it will all of a sudden kick me out and I have to go back in. It freezes up all of the time, is slow in opening up. I have loved my other Kindles, I wish I had kept my last Kindle it was the 8.9 and I didn't have any of these problems. I am sending it back and Amazon is refunding what I paid minus shipping which is one of the many reasons I love Amazon they do everything they can to make the customer happy.
R36ODU4BDG2QWD	4.0	it's good so far	0	0	Had this for only about 4 days, it's good so far, just a little slower than my fire hd with internet.
R1C9ZV9KJ6CV9I	4.0	I like it!	0	0	I'm still playing with it but going from 1st & 2nd generation to the 10 is bulky however, I like it.
R1V1KQRF7IKKNA	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Fits perfect looks good no air bubbles instructions were easy . Great product definitely recommend.
R3MVSVKI5V35MX	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	While I truly love this tablet, I seriously hate seeing advertising every single time I wake it up.
R2NF1FQ5QJ30Q7	5.0	Awsome	1	1	Awsome sauce
R2J8D234FGK7PO	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Fits perfect
RCMTRP1UAHL3R	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Lovein it !!
R18MPA44EI1EJH	4.0	So far so good. I especially like the size of everything	0	0	So far so good. I especially like the size of everything. It's much easier to use than my phone.
RVN7VB5SRTE91	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Better antenna in this fire. Get better reception. Battery life is longer. So far very pleased.
R2QXT4BCVWJH2F	1.0	One Star	4	6	Froze up after 2 days. Reboot did not work
R1MDI6B3EOIU3H	4.0	Best buy	0	0	Great purchase. I am having fun finding all the neat things I can do Glad I dint wait to get one
R1SL3N6KZK9CK7	5.0	This Kindle does not disappoint. It exceeds my expectations for ease of use ...	0	0	This Kindle does not disappoint. It exceeds my expectations for ease of use and great features.
R22LEW5PXD0850	5.0	It was easy to set up and start using	0	0	The new fire hd 10 is everything Amazon said it would be. It was easy to set up and start using.
R3SE7CR71P8G74	5.0	Great	0	0	I am loving it. The size is Fantastic and extremely readable. I would recommend it to anyone.
RE6D40P7F74E5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This tablet is really great for reading and game playing. Also great for surfing the internet.
R2OO0BNW8QGO05	4.0	Now everything works great.	0	0	Had a problem getting on W/Fi so it took a while to figure it out. Now everything works great.
R21C23CL4OVYUN	4.0	Best value	0	0	Great tqabalet with fantastic resolution, clarity and action. One of the best buys out there.
R1V26FHSVSI3W5	5.0	Great new Kindle!	1	2	Only had the 10" Kindle for 2 days now, and still have a lot to learn about it, but so far I love it. Big, clear screen, great clarity, a ton of new features we have all been wanting from a Kindle. Th is Kindle #6 for me. 5 are still working perfect. 1 died after 2.5 years, the others are being enjoyed by family members. I know what kindled had and didn't have. This one is impressive. The cost was extremely likable too. If there are major changes in my experience, I'll let you know.
R2QRNAPIC8PPUS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it it's great, easy reading, easy shopping easy game playing. I'm so glad I bought it.
R331P6TAS481DN	5.0	Kindle #3------and all are still in use!!!	0	0	This is my 3rd Kindle. I use it every day and never considered any other brand. Great value.
R1LS0NUXL32JA	1.0	No more Kindles for this family - Fire 10 is the worst!	1	2	Was offered "deal" by Amazon on the Kindle Fire 10 when my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 charging port gave up the ghost. The 10 is a totally inadequate replacement! It's slow, has a brief battery life (less than 4 hours), and is impossible to use because of the way it loads books. My family and I have had many Kindles, from the 1st generation readers to my HDX 8.9. Each one eventually developed problems with the charging port or just bricked. We're done. No more Kindles for this family.
R18AL9PJCHW872	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I like my fire very much. Still learning about it because with each one nothing is the same.
RUTD6S0H0OAIL	5.0	Love my kindle	0	0	Love it.. Huge screen.. Definitely buy the case that is made for it .. Well worth $50 .
RPUQYU6Z6WTET	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I absolutely love my new kindle fire it's bigger and brighter and faster I'm very impressed.
RPAYQFLU5CP98	2.0	I am having a hard time with this update. ...	0	0	I am having a hard time with this update. Maybe it is just me but I find it very confusing.
RS9Z2VKMP1AEJ	5.0	I like the fact that the carousel is not there anymore	0	0	I am really enjoying this tablet. I like the fact that the carousel is not there anymore.
R3HGDHPKMHQ3MG	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Far and away the best tablet on the market. Heads above my previous Kindle Fire HD 8".
R3Q0Y493HQA77N	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	My 23 year anniversary gift for my Beautiful Wife. Awesome she loves it. Great job ya'll.
R30KHGGTMR7TDO	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it. :)
R13L5U2DYPP63S	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love it!!
