R3R9FY6R2ZGQTL	3.0	Disappointing performance...despite good price, size, and features	773	807	The Fire HD 8 seemed like a great deal to me considering the size, economical price point, and the ability to watch content offline. And it offered exactly that...but fell short on performance parameters. If you're price sensitive and are looking for a value tablet, larger screen than the 6" Fire, and the ability to watch content offline, this is a decent device to get. However, if you already have an earlier Kindle like the HDX 8.9 or even an earlier version of the Fire, I recommend keeping your tablet since this device wouldn't really be a worthwhile upgrade. I have been disappointed with several operating shortcomings of the device. If you're looking for a very basic tablet to watch videos or for your kids, the $49.99 Fire is a better option. QUICK SUMMARY: PROs - Price, dual stereo speakers, expandable memory slot (great for viewing content offline), full access to Amazon content. Good basic tablet specially for watching videos. CONs - Screen resolution crisp but not great, lags quite a bit when switching or starting/closing apps (runs fine once an app is open), battery life is just ok, freezes quite often and the only solution is to reboot the device which becomes frustrating after a while. The device is basically slow to load apps, lags quite a bit when switching apps (this becomes worse as you load more content on the device), freezes quite often, and I find myself having to reboot it every now and then. A frustrating experience to say the least. The device is claimed to be "Designed for Entertainment" - true, but I would also add "Not designed for performance". This is meant to be a basic value tablet giving you access to the Amazon ecosystem, and it is exactly that. Considering all the features and use you get from this tablet at only a $149 price, significantly less than most similar-sized tablets, it's a somewhat decent deal if you're looking for a basic tablet. For its price point and size alone, I would rate this a 5. For its performance, however, I would rate it a 2.5. The only good things about this device are the screen size and the MicroSD slot. So if you're only watching videos on this, and would like to have the option of watching content offline when you're traveling, this tablet would be fine. Bottom line - if you already have an earlier Kindle like the HDX 8.9 or even the original Fire, I recommend definitely keeping your tablet since this device wouldn't really be a worthwhile upgrade. But if you're looking for an inexpensive tablet for yourself or your kids, the $49.99 Fire is probably a better option. Go for this device if you don't mind pay the extra $100 for the larger screen size. --- FORM FACTOR - The tablet is thin and light, doesn't feel like such a large tablet given its thin form factor. The device measures 8.4" x 5", slightly taller and narrower than the iPad Mini which is 8" x 5.3". The screen when viewed in landscape mode is great for videos, marginally better than previous 7" Fire versions. Apart from the slightly increased size, it feels sleeker and less boxy. One-handed reading is comfortable on this device even with a case on it. SPEAKERS - The speakers are simply superb, definitely one of the finer points of this tablet. At full volume, this tablet is loud (even with Amazon's case on it which has a cutout for the speakers). I have always preferred to use NR headphones to watch videos since I feel they deliver better sound quality, but the speakers on this tablet eliminate the need for headphones, the sound is just that good. Note that give the location of the speakers, the sound may get slightly muffled if you're sitting in bed watching videos in portrait mode, since softer surfaces will come very close to the tablet. EXPANDABLE MEMORY - The tablet comes with a MicroSD card - FINALLY! A very useful feature to have particularly when traveling or if you wish to watch content offline. Accessing the card slot is a little tricky, but once I was able to get it in the slot, it has been sitting in the slot securely. With the ability of viewing offline content viewing with Prime membership, you can download and watch movies and shows even when Wi-Fi isn't readily available. This makes the microSD card slot a very welcome addition, especially for long trips. I'm glad this feature is finally available. SCREEN - The screen is made of gorilla glass, similar to previous Fire versions. The display is 1280x800 which looks sharp, but falls short of most tablet specs. Here is one feature where the price comes into play. The lower price point means a not-so-crisp display. For comparison purposes, the FIre HDX 8.9 has a 2560x1600 display. So the video is a little grainy when compared side by side with a HDX or even with other tablets, but it's good enough to view most content clearly without blurring. If you need a tablet only to read books, the Paperwhite is still the best reader in my mind. PROCESSING SPEED: The processor is slow - another feature that was compromised because of the price point. I have already noticed the device lag when performing basic operations like loading a video, or switching from one app to another. This is more noticeable when you are switching from one app to another, or closing a video and starting an app. If you switch from landscape mode to portrait mode, the device takes a few seconds to make the switch to the screen. It takes just those extra few seconds to start or quit videos as well. The lag is most apparent at the time of switching or starting/closing apps for the first few seconds, but once an app or video is loaded, it runs absolutely fine after that. BATTERY - Battery life is...ok, so far in my experience it runs out within a few hours even though the advertised battery life is 8 hours on a full charge. I was barely able to squeeze out close to 4 hours from it. Again, low price equates to a subpar power battery. Given the fact that both the charging port and the headphone jack are close to each other, watching videos in portrait mode can be cumbersome. This makes it difficult to watch and charge the tablet at the same time (and since the battery life is just ok, I definitely want to be charging my Fire while watching videos so it doesn't run out). Switching to landscape mode solves the problem, you can charge and use the headphone jack together. CAMERA - The Fire 8 has a 5MP camera. This is good enough for a tablet which is not really my first choice for taking pictures, it's great for situations when I don't have access to my phone. The front facing camera for video calls is just fine as well. APP STORE - The app store remains the same Amazon app store. Still no Google Play unfortunately. The tablet looks and feels so much like a Android tablet, so it seems strange to not have Google Play. If the Amazon app store had as many apps or games as Google Play, this wouldn't have been an issue. However, the app selection available at least as of now is skeletal. NO MAYDAY BUT SCREEN SHARING FEATURE - Unlike previous Fire models, this model does no support MayDay, at least not yet. However, it does come with Screen Sharing which allows a customer service technician to access your tablet with your permission to help you navigate through the tablet or solve any technical issues you may be facing. This is good enough for me in case I need help, I'm not crazy about actually seeing the rep that I'm talking to. BOTTOM LINE - Overall this is a great basic tablet - good value for money given its size and price point. And that's what it's really meant to be. Yes, it's not perfect, but then it's not $600 either. If you are looking to buy a tablet for your kids, the 8" is definitely better compared to the 10" because it's smaller and lower in price. WHICH ONE TO BUY? - If you are looking purely for a basic value device, for yourself or your kids, that gives you access to the Amazon ecosystem without caring for audio/video quality, the $49.99 Fire is probably the best option. However, with the slightly increased real estate and added features (better processor, screen, speakers, expandable memory slot), the 8" tablet gives you just enough to spend the extra $100 for a slightly better user experience. If you want a basic tablet for watching videos and playing games and care about screen size, the 10" Fire HD for an additional $80 is a decent option. I personally think the Fire HD 8 is placed right in between the 7" and 10" that gives just enough benefits and doesn't break the bank either.
R3M5ILBD36BC2X	5.0	Great value tablet - read this for a non-technical review	370	384	As a life-long Apple fan I'm surprised to find myself going to the dark side - writing a positive but balanced review of the Amazon Fire 8 inch Tablet compared to the bigger 10 inch model and the relatively expensive iPad Air 2. I've owned several iPad's and tested and reviewed numerous inexpensive (sometimes “cheap and nasty”), 7 and 10 inch tablets, and was impressed by this. As I work in IT, I'm aware just how confusing technology can be, so I'll try to avoid references to jargon, and focus instead on the experience. If you’re a techie who wants to compare the specifications, this is probably not the review for you. Quick Summary ========== Although not as sharp iPad, at screen is clear, bright and colourful at almost any angle, and a pleasure to watch video or play games on. It is highly reflective, and pretty useless in bright sunlight, but so is just about every other tablet. It has a wide-screen aspect which is great for video, and screen resolution and clarity is good for the money. Web performance over the dual band WIFI, is certainly fast enough, and it ran the graphically intense “Real Racing 3” with ease. Sound quality from the pair of edge placed speakers was good, and at 8 hours, the battery life is pretty respectable, while a bluetooth connection is also available to power a wireless speaker. The front and rear cameras are acceptable, as is the low 5Gb of usable storage. At least you can add a huge (up to 128Gb) Micro-SD card to store more stuff. In conclusion, for a first time tablet user or as an additional tablet device, this will make a great addition to your household tech. If you’ve have an Amazon Prime subscription – this is a no-brainer. Even without Prime, this is remarkable value for money. Score Summary ============ 9/10 - Value for Money. 8/12 - Design and Buil 8/10 - Screen (Very impressive 8/10 - Web performance 8/10 - Gaming Performance 9/10 - Sound 5/10 - Camera 6/10 - Storage and Expansion (5 Gb) 8/10 - Battery 7.6 out of 10 - Overall – very impressive. Full Review ========= Clearly, Amazon have made some compromises, to hit the price point. Here’s the details:- Value for Money — 9/10 ------------------------------ There are some quirks and limitations (e.g. your limited to the Amazon App store and Silk browser), but in value for money terms, it’s hard to beat. To put this in context, for the price of an iPad Air 2 you could buy two of these and still have enough money left for a pair of 128Gb SD cards. Design and Build Quality — 8/10 -------------------------------------- Weighing just 311g and just 0.3” it’s a lovely balance of screen size and weight. The 8” wide-screen format is a pleasure to watch video, and it’s light and thin enough to hold in one hand while travelling by train. While it doesn’t have the classy aluminium back of the iPad, it’s certainly a step up from the generic Android tablets I’ve reviewed at a similar price. Entirely encased in black, it has a pair of plastic silver volume buttons at the top along with a power button, micro-USB and headphone socket, and a pair of edge facing speakers. Overall look and feel is restrained black, and build quality feels good, although let down by the rear casing. The screen (which is almost certainly not glass) feels like it is, and there’s almost no flex when you push hard with your finger against it. The only thing that really loses points is the shiny plastic back which will end up scratched to heck and covered in finger prints. It’s a real pity Amazon didn’t stick with a matt cover. Ho hum. Screen Quality — 8/10 --------------------------- At 1280 x 800 pixels, you’re getting an impressive screen, but not quite a match for the iPad at more than double the price. Surprisingly though, at 189 pip (pixels per inch), it’s even better than the bigger 10” model at 149 ppi. This is strange, as most other hardware specs are the same, meaning you’re paying purely for a larger screen - but lower quality. Duh? For your money, you get the same IPS display technology as an iPad, which means it has a wide viewing angle. On similarly priced budget tablets without this, I’ve found the screen and colours fade as you tilt the device left/right or up/down. This may not seem much of an issue until you try playing a driving or flying game where you constantly tilt and turn the tablet to navigate a race course - in which case it’s really frustrating. The screen is not made of the tough Gorilla Glass of the iPad (so don’t drop it on concrete), but surprisingly it feels like glass. The screen (like the back), is however a real fingerprint magnet, and is quite reflective so it’s useless in bright sunlight. Having said all that, colours are bright and clear, and video from Amazon Instant or YouTube is just terrific. So overall I’m happy. As an aside - if you’ve a Fire TV or the cheaper “Stick” you can start a film on this, and send to your TV when you get home. Web Performance — 8/10 ------------------------------- During this test, I navigated to a series of web sites including News sites, Facebook and the incredibly rich text and photographs of the “Mail Online”. This is a terrific test for a budget device as the pages are packed with text, graphics and photos, and if a tablet can handle this, it will handle almost anything on the web. The pages loaded remarkably quickly (shockingly the same as my iPad Air 2), and the device scrolled smoothly with none of the jittering or multiple screen refreshes I’ve witnessed on some cheap devices. This is probably aided by the dual band WIFI connection - I had it connected to the faster 5 Ghz WIFI link. Gaming Performance — 8/10 ---------------------------------- To check gaming performance I tested a series of Apps including Angry Birds, Temple Run and the graphically challenging “Real Racing 3”. I was less interested in the time taken to install or start the game, as whether it displayed graphics clearly, and was responsive to twists and turns. Pleased to say all games worked well, and although graphics showed a few jagged edges, game-play was smooth and fast, and it was a pleasure to use. Sound Quality — 9/10 -------------------------- This device has a pair of speakers along the left edge (in portrait mode), and sound quality is around 90% that of the iPad. Certainly OK for game playing, and you’ve also the option of plugging in a pair of wired headphones to watch a film or listen to music. Finally, as this device also supports bluetooth you’ve the option to use a separate wireless speaker or headphones. Camera — 5/10 ------------------- One of the biggest compromises, there’s a front and rear facing camera to shoot pictures or video. I gave these a rating of 50% as they are about what I’d expect at this price point. Video and photo quality from the 5 MP rear camera is OK, as indoor light balance was poor, and there’s no built in flash. Also the front facing 720p camera (to shoot selfies or video calling using Skype), is acceptable but not outstanding. While you can see and hear the other person clearly, it’s definitely one of the weakest point in the device. I also personally found the placement of the camera really poor. It’s far too easy to cover up the lens with your finger while shooting a video in landscape mode. Really annoying. Having said all that, I’ve never taken a photo or video with my iPad - a smartphone is a much better device. Storage and expansion — 6/10 ------------------------------------- This is a budget device with only about 5.5Gb is actually available for Apps, photos and videos, and unless you simply want to use it to read mails, web surf and stream video off Amazon Prime and Netflix, you’ll need to add more. Thankfully, this is easily remedied, and you can add a micro SD Card up to a whopping 128Gb (Gigabytes). I’d advise you add a 32 or 64 Gb card. To test this I downloaded an SD film off Amazon, and estimated the space free. Here’s a quick summary:- 32Gb = 11,400 JPG photos or 65 SD or 32 HD movies or 8,000 MP3 songs 64Gb = 22,800 photos or 130 SD or 64 HD movies or 16,000 songs 128Gb = 45,600 photos or 260 SD or 130 HD movies or 32,000 songs Even 32Gb of storage will hold thousands of photos or apps, but video uses the most space. I bought a 64Gb myself. Battery Life and Power — 8/10 ------------------------------------- The battery life is about 8 hours, and watching YouTube videos over WIFI with the screen at maximum brightness will drain the battery faster so you might get slightly less. During the past few days testing, I typically managed just over eight and a half hours, so pretty good. Conclusion ======== As a life long iPad fan (since the first version in 2010), I’m surprised to report this is a really impressive device for the money. Thin and light enough to hold in one hand, but powerful enough to play games and quickly surf the web. While it doesn’t have a beauty and speed of the iPad Air, it also doesn’t have the premium price. Surprisingly though, it has the same processor, memory and indeed all the specs of the bigger (and more expensive) 10” Fire tablet. So be aware, if you do buy the ten inch tablet you’re paying purely for a bigger screen - ironically with a lower image quality compared to this. This is not flawless however, and you’ve got to read this review in the context of the price. This is less than half the price of a top end iPad Air 2, and better than the other budget tablets for sale on Amazon. In conclusion, this is one of the few Five Star tablets that was truly inexpensive without being “cheap”. If it were a car, and the iPad Air was a top end BMW 3 series, this would be a Ford Focus, but a nice tablet all the same. Highly Recommended
R2V3G15DQYDCKG	5.0	Simply Put: Great Value, Great Tablet!	682	715	Let me make things simple for everyone. This is a great tablet and a beautiful device. It has everything 97% of tablet users need and want. The 3% that are power users can pay up for an iPad. Amazon Prime is a must if you have one of these tablets. And if you already have Amazon Prime it is a no-brainer to buy this tablet if you are looking for an entertainment device that also gives you the ability to check email and surf the web as needed. People complain that one app here or there is missing. If you want the tried and true, the basics, then you have nothing to worry about. Of course there is a weather app. Of course there is a NYT app. All the 'normal' stuff is there. Sure, a particular game or more specialized app may not be available but anything most people actually 'want/need' is going to be there. This is not a device for the office. If you want to review spreadsheets then clearly do not buy it. That goes without saying. As for the actual device it feels well put together. The plastic back actually felt closer to metal to me. It has a solid feel. The screen is beautiful and has PLENTY of resolution for watching movies, surfing the web, etc. It is also sufficient for reading, though the Kindle Paperwhite admittedly has clearer print so if you only plan to read on this device then get the Paperwhite. (Also, I find the Word Runner feature to be quite intriguing- in fact I think we all may read using this method in a few years.) Before buying the device I read that load times are slow and switching between apps is trouble. What I have found is that it may take a second for your movie or app to load...but we are talking a second...or two MAX! If you can't wait two seconds for something then I don't know what to say. I believe a half second delay on average is well worth the cost savings. This stuff is not noticeable. You want to watch a 30 minute TV show, yes, it takes a second or two to load...so be it! I agree the processor isn't the latest and greatest, but it was the latest and greatest two years ago, so it is still a darn good processor! It was smart of Amazon to save costs here in order to produce a tablet that works well for 97% of us! This is the best tablet value for the money out there. If you want to be frugal get the 8gb version and add the 64gb micro sd card. This will give you a great combination. Otherwise go all out with the 16gb and the 128gb micro sd chip (but buy the 59 dollar 128gb chip by sandisk on Amazon- search for it- don't pay the extra 20 dollars for the one 'specially designed for fire tablets'). Ignore the noise. Simply put. I have had plenty of iPads and I can say confidently that they are not worth the extra money. This fire tablet does the trick!
R3EVJ6BKH2PX0X	3.0	Disappointed First Impressions	902	987	As a background, I am a retired Information Systems professional and I am writing my first impressions of the Fire HD 8 from the perspective of being a long-time Kindle user. I have all the current e-readers and Fire devices from Amazon including the basic Kindle, the Paperwhite (2013,2014,2015 models), the Fire HD6, Fire HD7, Fire HDX7 and Fire HDX8.9 (3rd and 4th generation). Here is a summary of my initial impressions of the new Fire HD8. Amazon removed the Fire HD7, the Fire HDX7 and the Fire HDX8.9 and replaced them with the Fire HD (7" screen), Fire HD 8 and Fire HD 10. HARDWARE: WHAT COMES IN THE BOX: The HD8 Fire, a short USB cord and a power adapter. Finally, Amazon ships a power adapter with their Fires so you can charge and use the device right out of the box. (Picture attached) SIZE: The HD8 is longer than the older HD7 but the same width as the discontinued HD7. It is also thinner. (8.4"x5.0"x0.3" versus 7.5"x5.0"x0.4"). I have large hands and can hold it with one hand, but even with my hands, I really need to use both hands. Because it is longer, it seem "top heavy" to me. The back is also slick and slippery to hold. Mine has a habit of sliding off the table. Display: The resolution of the screen is 1280 x 800 same as the HD 7 but the pixel density is lower due to the longer screen length. In practical use, though, you can't tell the difference. The display is nice and bright but barely readable in bright sunlight. One nice touch is that now, you can choose your own wallpaper! It comes with 9 stock images and if you don't like one of them, you can choose your own image in your Amazon Photos folder. BATTERY: Like the HD6 and the HD7, the battery in the HD8 is rated at approximately 8 hours of mixed use. I wish Amazon had included the 11-hour battery life of the HDX7. The extra 3 rated hours of older HDX7 is a substantial improvement on the new HD8. With this device, I have to travel with a portable battery charger when flying across the country. I also have to constantly stay close to a plug at home when using it heavily while I browse the internet or watch videos. Realistically, I can use it for about 4-5 hours before trying to find power. STORAGE: The HD8 can be ordered with 8 GB or 16GB. However, Amazon has now added a slot where you can insert a microSD card. All Fire tablets support all classes of Ultra High Speed (UHS) MicroSD Cards. Important! For non-UHS MicroSD cards, Amazon recommends Class 10 MicroSD cards for optimal performance. Class 2 MicroSD cards may not perform well enough to support video playback or capturing burst mode photos. Although most apps can be stored on the SD card, I recommend that you order the 16GB version of the HD8 as not all apps can be loaded on the SD card, including downloaded books. You will need more than the 8 GB if you plan on downloading any books, music, videos or take photos. You can probably get by with buying the 16 GB version and using it without an SD card. If you find a need to store more content, you can always add the SD card later. The SD card slot is located on the upper right side of the device (see picture). You just open the flap and pop the SD card in. The slot is spring-loaded so that a push should spring it out again. The spring was rather stiff in my device and I had a heck of a time getting it to seat in the slot without popping out again. But once I got it to stay in, the card has performed flawlessly. WIFI: Amazon has improved the WiFi from the HD7. It comes with a dual-band antenna that operates under the a/b/g/n/ac protocols using both the 2.4 Ghz and the 5 Ghz frequency range. I live where there are about 30 routers that the HD8 can detect and it picks up my router fine without a lot of interference. I would rate the WiFi performance of the HD 8 as above average. SOUND: This is where the HD 8 shines. Amazon has upgraded the sound with Dolby Atmos and dual stereo speakers. While there are not very many movies or videos available yet, when they do become available, you're set. Atmos is a new surround sound technology, developed in 2012, that expands upon the current 5.1 and 7.1 set-ups. With Atmos, each speaker has its own feed, enabling new front, surround and ceiling-mounted height channels. I was watching a movie with cheap headphones and thought I heard helicopters fly by my house. It took me a minute to realize that the sound was from the helicopters in the movie. It really sounded like they were coming from the left and moving to the right OVERHEAD. Wow, I was impressed!! The volume buttons are placed along the top of the HD 8 along with the power button, the headphone jack and the power receptacle. So all the buttons you would touch are on top. No buttons are on the sides or bottom. Amazon improved the placement of the speakers on the HD8 by moving them from the back to the side of the device. Still not as good as having them on the front, but better than the back. I found that just placing my palm behind a speaker reflects the sound to the front for improved listening. Speaker sound is pretty good for normal listening. CAMERA: The back camera is not bad and it is considerably better than the camera on the new basic Fire HD. The front camera might be OK for Skyping but color saturation and focus aren't that great on the front. There is no flash on the back so all pictures have to be taken in adequate lighting. All the pictures uploaded to this review were taken by the back camera of an HD8 so judge for yourself. I have uploaded pictures of 1. The new basic HD 7 on top of the HD 8. 2. The device, cord and power adapter included with the device. 3. The new HD8 (magenta) next to the old HD7 (pink but called magenta). As you can see the shades are different. 4. The front screen of the old HD7 and the new HD 8. 5. The new basic Fire HD, the HD8 and the HD10, side-by-side. 6. Screen showing carousel of apps loaded and running 7. New home, back and app buttons on bottom of screen 8. Top of HD8 showing power and volume buttons. SOFTWARE: When I turned on the HD8 and started through the initial setup, it immediately had to download updated software and reboot. After that setup was slightly quicker and easier than the older devices but very similar. The HD8 software version is Fire OS 5 which is a redesigned Amazon skin that runs on top of Android Lollipop version 5.1. There are a lot of changes from Fire OS 4. First, the carousel is gone. In its place, Amazon has tabs across the top (under a search line) called RECENT, HOME, BOOKS, VIDEO, GAMES, SHOP, and APPS. You swipe right or left to move back and forth between tabs or touch the tab name. The HOME tab starts with a row called "New Items" with icons for the latest books, videos, etc. that you have downloaded or purchased. Under that is the traditional grid of apps. The RECENT tab contains a grid of icons of the most recent used items for the device. In order to read books, watch movies, etc., you must either swipe to or touch the appropriate tab. You are not going to get away from Amazon's marketing on these tabs. For instance, the BOOKS tab has a row call "FROM YOUR BOOKS LIBRARY" which displays a couple of icons of your books. At the right is small text link that you can touch titled "See all your books." Under that you have "Recommended for you in Kindle Unlimited." (I don't subscribe to Kindle Unlimited so don't know why I need that.) Below that are more rows "Recommended for you." Best Sellers, Recommended for you in Mystery, Thriller and Suspense, Recommended for you in Science Fiction, Recommended for you in Nonfiction, etc. with a "See more products" link and a "SHOP KINDLE BOOKSTORE" link at the bottom. The tab contains lots of real estate acreage for selling books with a postage-stamp sized lot for my stuff. The older Fires have three icons on the bottom of some screens that were a back arrow, a house and a search magnifier for back, home and search respectively. The new Fires have three new icons: a left-facing triangle, a circle and a square (see picture uploaded). These are available on every screen. The left-facing triangle is the back button, the circle is the home button and the square brings up the currently running or loaded apps. This is a new feature that you can access from anywhere, including the home screen. Hit the square and a carousel of loaded apps appears. You can browse up and down the list, close any running apps or hit the one you want to open. (see uploaded photo) I haven't used the device but a day but I am already disappointed. The new FIRE OS 5 operating system has quite a few bugs. I was reading email and a couple of times when I opened up a daily email from bookbub.com which contains quite a pictures of book covers. Paging down to email caused the screen to wig out with color lines and blocks of randomly colored squares. If you ever had an HD television that pixelated on the screen because of a weak signal and it couldn't decode the signal, you know what I mean. I should note that the processors in all three new Fires are slow and can't keep up. Switching screens, browsing, and even reading has some hesitation or delays. The new Fire OS 5 also has problems with collections. Because I have thousands of books, I use collections extensively for my book inventory. I have categories such as "Books Already Read," "Sci Fi," "Mystery," "Currently Reading," etc. Every book I buy, I assign it to a category of its genre, whether it is in my reading queue, currently reading or have already read. This is the way I can find anything quickly, including what I am reading. Anyway, when assigning new books to categories on the new FIRE's, the assignments won't stick. In Fire OS 5, in order to assign a book, you have to go to the "BOOK" tab, select "See all your books" on the right of the first row, hold-press the book icon to select it, hit the plus button in the upper right bring up the collection list, click the collections to add to, and hit the OK button. You do all and bring up the book collection list only to find that the book you assigned to the collection isn't there. You go through the process again and guess what, it comes up blank. I can't seem to assign books to collections, especially if they are in the cloud. So I have to grab my trusty Paperwhite or older Fire to assign books to categories. IN SUMMARY: The HD8 has several nice features and some aggravating features. The new FIRE OS 5 is a different experience but is too buggy to be used seriously. The hardware is improved with the addition of a microSD card slot. However, the battery still sucks but at least Amazon includes a power adapter which you should keep close when using the HD 8. You'll need it. The HD 8 is certainly a substantial upgrade over the basic $49 Fire HD but it costs quite a bit more. The HD 10 is essentially the same, just a bigger screen. (See uploaded side-by-side pictures for comparison) FYI. The icons, etc. are the same size on the HD 8 and the HD 10. The HD 10 puts more "space" between the icons and shows more content. Should you buy the HD 8? If you have an older Fire, NO. I can't see a compelling reason to "upgrade" because it is not really an upgrade. There are too many problems with the OS. In fact, I would probably buy an equivalently-priced Android or Apple tablet over this one--especially if you are using the internet for browsing or like to play games. At least you will have access to Google or Apple store for the wealth of apps available that aren't in Amazon's Fire Store. If you primarily read books, get either the Paperwhite or the Voyage. Either of these devices are outstanding for reading books, having high quality screens that you can read in the dark or the bright sunlight as well as a battery that will last weeks instead of hours. If you are set on buying one of Amazon's new Fire's and can't decide which one, I would recommend the FIRE HD 6. I carry that little tablet everywhere. It fits in a purse; it fits in a pocket; it even fits in a nook in my car and I can connect it to the car's Bluetooth to read Audible books and play my music when driving. Although small, the screen resolution is outstanding on the HD 6 and it runs the stable Fire OS 4 operating system. If you just HAVE to get one of the new devices, get either this one or the basic Fire HD. I prefer the HD 8 over the basic Fire because 1) the battery is 8 hours versus 7 hours, 2) better sound, 3) much better WiFi, 4) faster processor (even this one is slow), 5) higher resolution screen 6) better cameras, 7) better audio 8) you can get this in the 16GB version and 9) you can pick your own color. Later as I continue to use these new Fire HDs, I'll update my review. ====================
R2C5NGYIQLV1IA	3.0	Not bad but will be returning it.	242	264	I previously had the originalFire and the Fire hdx. I want to be fair, so a 1star rating does not accurately describe this tablet, nor does a 5 star rating. First, I love that an SD card can finally be used. Second the price is great for this tablet. The tablets display is fine, so no deduction there. Although the hdx has a far better display. My biggest complaint is the lag and the screen response. For the most part the lag is not too bad. But there are times when going from screen, or app to app, the lag becomes far too much. The screen is not sensitive enough many times during use. Too often I have to tap and tap to.get any response, perhaps an update can resolve these issues? I don't know. The final straw was when three apps I downloaded fromt he Amazon store would just crash and not open. I also had the screen go black when trying to open These apps on a few occasions. I think there area lot of positives for this tablet,but some negatives that make it not right for me. I'm a big Amazon and Fire fan, so.I'm sure these issues will be worked out at some point. I'll stay with the hdx for now and may try again sometime down the road with this Fire tablet.
R2TCKBOGPSN1XV	2.0	Slow slow slow slow slow slow SLOW!	81	85	Incredibly, horrendously, unusably SLOW. Everything about this tablet is horribly sluggish, from simply swiping from screen to screen, to loading apps, to using apps, to even basic web browsing. And yes, I installed the latest system updates so I definitely have the latest and greatest (?) OS. I did some testing by pulling up the same web sites on the same WiFi network on my Nexus 6 and the Fire HD 8 at the same time. The Nexus 6 loaded the sites very quickly, while the HD 8 took 10+ seconds to load even the most basic web sites, and in some cases it didn't ever finish loading them at all. Inexcusable and unusable. I can't fathom what is going on with this thing that it is so frustratingly sluggish. I realize this is a bargain tablet, so I'm not expecting the world here, but it's so slow that I don't even want to use it. I absolutely loved my 7" Fire HDX and by comparison this newer tablet feels like it's 5+ years older given how horribly it performs. Either I got a defective device (though I can't imagine what would be defective about it such that it would "work," just incredibly slowly), or the Fire HD 8 is a massive dud. I'll give it a week and if they haven't issued any updates to make this better, it's going back. VERY disappointed.
RLZKINRM4CZ9W	2.0	Do not upgrade if you have a prior generation Kindle.	202	225	This is my third Kindle. I ordered this one as an upgrade. I am very disappointed. This review compares this new Fire HD 8 with my 3rd generation Kindle which I have used constantly for several years. What does not work on this 5th generation did and does work fine on my 3rd generation Kindle. Pro: easy to start up and sync with my old Kindle, thin and light, good screen resolution, fairly easy to learn new operating system features and use all functionality and settings, nice cameras, easier menu access to all the functionality and apps, online forums suggest others are having the same problems so it is not just me with problems. Con: poor battery performance, frozen processes require frequent power off and on to reset, poor sync of my previous applications (Facebook, TripAdvisor, Twitter, etc.), failed to retain login information requiring frequent reentry of user id and password, operating system unable to process simultaneous Facebook linked applications, frequent slow performance shows as no response to pressing the screen, multiple failures to respond to screen presses, over sensitive to screen swipes, online help manual required multiple times and fairly helpful but with an odd interface, poor search function and limited information, sync of books to previous page number was hit and miss even to the point of forgetting I had started reading it.
R3JMU2W5LEKDMX	1.0	Could have been a lot better.	82	90	I'm still rather back and forth with this thing. I didn't expect GREAT but I expected it to not hurt my eyes either and be somewhat worth the money I paid. I'll elaborate. Pros: You can change your tablet name which displays on the upper left hand corner. It's a cute little feature. Sound seems quite nice considering the rest. It's very LOUD at the full volume. Almost hurt my ears. And the quality of sound isn't bad either. It has almost a bassy tune for deep voices on shows. Boardwalk Empire was one I watched on there and the sound was perfect for it. Video and pictures looks pretty nice on it. There's room for expansion with a SD card. Which is nice! Some of the ones I was looking at did not have that feature! The camera seems good enough. (Though it can't find my face.... only my hair line. Lol) It's very sleek feeling and actually sturdy. The back is very "grippy" even without a case. The screen is actually brighter than my Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Cons: Battery life is horrid. It may be just mine or something, but I MAYBE get two hours of JUST reading tops. Once it gets to 10% it seriously counts down from 10% to 1% in ten seconds. Don't find many common apps like in the Apple markets or Android markets. (For example: Instagram you have to pay for unless you find it on some other site.) Not much customization anywhere. You can put your apps into a folder to organize them and that's about it. And of course change the wallpaper. App colors seem more pastel than clear and crisp? This isn't a big factor to me at all, just something weird I noticed. Fonts are hard to read. Very hard to read. I did everything I could, and it was still almost blurry, but not? It's hard to describe but it strains my eyes horribly. I am near sighted so this shouldn't be a problem at all. It doesn't seem built for speed... For anything. It clunks along at times, even with just one or two apps open, and closes things randomly. It closes video apps and stutters on videos as well. Screen turns off randomly. Just goes black. Not even locking, just goes black. It's the weirdest thing. The search bar is Bing powered. =/ All in all, if you like Android or Apple, stick to those. This one is cheap, but I'm starting to see there might actually be a reason for that. I have had the Motorola Xoom when it first came out years ago, and I would prefer the Motorola Xoom again over this thing. It's rather depressing seeing as I haven't owned a Tablet since then, and thought I'd give this a shot only to be disappointed. Disclaimer: Yes, I knew the system ran differently than Android and Apple. This one happened to catch my eye and disappointed me deeply. EDIT: One 4 hour train ride and a weekend later... Two stars to One. I completely dislike this thing and I tried really hard to like it. It did not last the train ride while just using Kindle. It lasted maybe 2 hours out of the 4 hour train ride and I didn't even have the light on halfway. I commute a lot, so having something to last the train trips (3-5 hours long.) is crucial in my purchasing. It also began having WiFi connectivity issues, force closing applications more often, and giving me a black screen when it lags down from two low demanding applications open. The black screen stays on for like 30 seconds to a minute. Also, to me, the app market on Amazon's side is a bit lacking and disappointing. Which is also another huge downfall. It's safe to say I'm returning this thing and getting a Galaxy tab.
RS65SA930SF1E	5.0	The best pick in the current Amazon tablet lineup (see my updates too!)	120	135	Amazon has a new, affordable lineup of tablets. This one is the best of the bunch, in my opinion, and beats other tablets in the same price range thanks to the family-friendly and content-rich features. Please note that I will update this review as time goes on and I have the tablet for a longer period of time. I did a LOT of research though before purchasing, and have used the Kindle heavily since I received it, and my very lengthy review below reflects that. :-) UPDATES are at the bottom of this review. I'll continue to update periodically! After reading my review, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask in the comments and I'll try to respond in a day or so (or more quickly if possible)! So, how does the new Fire HD 8 stack up to the older Kindle Fire HDX (3rd in the list of tablets, just like this time)? I’ll make a list below with the new specs on the left and the old Fire specs on the right. Price: 149.99 - 214.99 Screen size: 8” - 7” Resolution: 1280 x 800 (189 ppi) - 1920 x 1200 (323 ppi) Processor: Quad core 1.5 GHz (MediaTek) - Quad core 2.2 GHz Battery life: 8 hours mixed use - 11 hours mixed use Audio: DOLBY ATMOS dual stereo speakers, built in microphone - DOLBY audio dual stereo speakers, built in microphone Wi-Fi: Dual-band Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac - Dual-band, dual antenna (MIMO) Wi-Fi Camera: 720p HD Front-facing + 5 MP rear-facing with 1080p HD video recording - Front-facing HD camera Storage: 8 or 16 GB expandable to 128 - 16, 32, or 64 GB Weight: 11 oz - 11 oz (with 4G or 10.7 without) Extra features: Mayday screen sharing, Activity Center available soon (extensive parental controls and monitoring), advanced streaming and prediction, on-deck download of video / movie content in the background – available soon, new OS Bellini (more Android-like), no more carousel, etc. - Mayday help feature ******* As you can see from the list above, the new, more budget-friendly model sacrifices a little bit, but nothing that will be noticeable for what you’ll be using this tablet for. The improvements to the OS (operating system), as well as the new Activity Center for kids who’ve outgrown Kindle Free Time, and the expandable storage makes it well worth the purchase, even though you’ll sacrifice a tiny bit with the resolution, battery life, and a bit shaved off the processing speed. For 65 dollars less, I’d say that’s not anything I’m worried about. This tablet still works seamlessly with the Amazon ecosystem and does what it’s supposed to do – well. First of all, these tablets are surprisingly rugged. In a tumble test that ended up cracking the iPad, the new Fire came through with just a bit of scuffing on the corners. The screen is made from Gorilla Glass, which is designed to be damage and scratch resistant. I’m really happy about this, as I plan on taking my tablet out to the garden as well as when we travel. I feel like my investment (which is much less than if I had purchased an iPad) is going to better hold up to an accidental drop. Considering this will be my recipe book in the kitchen, that’s a good thing! ;-) The new parental controls (called the Activity Center) are a huge boon. They are set to come out in a free over-the-air update. Parents will be able to see how kids are spending time on the tablet –from how much time they are spending to which websites they visit. Combine that with the free Norton Family app, and you are set with tech-savvy teens and/or kids who don’t need to be reined in from web browsing and so on by Kindle Free Time. Current parental controls included on the tablet allow you to choose what you want to block or allow such as email, web browsing, purchases, apps, password protect video playback, and more. For younger children, Kindle Free Time lets you hand your kids a tablet without having to worry about them getting into something they shouldn’t. It’s very tightly controlled with a separate environment just for them. A big complaint about Kindle Free Time was that kids couldn’t browse the web. With the new Activity Center, your kids can be set “free” but are still monitored. I’ll update this review when the update comes out with more details about how the Activity Center works. My suggestion though, is if you want to get a tablet for the kids, get one of the 49.99 models. That’s what I purchased for my son and am very happy with it (as is he). I feel much better knowing that if he breaks his tablet, it’s a much less expensive replacement. ;-) It also does everything the HD 8 can do, but just with a slightly smaller screen and a few downgrades like mono speakers and lower quality cameras. So how does the tablet function and look otherwise? Speed: This is not the tablet you want to do your spreadsheets and business work on. If I were purchasing a tablet for business, I’d feel better getting an iPad. They have a better selection of apps for that kind of thing, as well as better resolution for all the tiny details, etc. I’m a little disappointed at the small downgrade in processor speed. It’s not a slouch though. In a Geekbench 3 benchmark test, it got 766 single-core and 1523 multi-core scores. That beats some more expensive and more high-tech tablets like the Asus ZenPad 8.0. Compare it to an iPad 4 though, and it’s a great deal slower (1716 single-core and 3116 multi-core benchmark results). I suppose sacrifices had to be made to keep this tablet in the target price range. This tablet was made to consume videos, to play games, to read recipes in the kitchen, to entertain your kids on that 25 hour drive to another state, to quickly look something up, to get extra info on movies and such while you watch them on your big screen (with the fling and X-ray features), to read, listen to music, to skype grandma straight from your garden, and so on. Anyway, it will handle your apps and casual games and movies. Movies run smoothly, like butter, although the tablet might need a few seconds to respond if you quit right in the middle of one. ;-) Things like Candy Crush play without a hiccup. You can surf the web with no issues. Just don’t expect to play really heavy and super-graphics intensive games without a bit of a slowdown, especially if you have downloads going. Otherwise, though, it doesn’t really lag except maybe for 1 second when switching apps (that I’ve noticed so far) and does what it was made to do – well. Screen: This is no retina level screen, but it looks crisp and colorful to my eyes. Movies and games look lovely on it, at least to me. I have no problems with text in books, etc. One thing I like is that it has a polarizing filter and IPS (in-plane switching). You can tilt it and still see your stuff at different angles. You can really tilt it and still see what's on the screen fairly accurately. It’s bright (very bright) and pretty. I did notice that it looks better overall than the new Kindle fire (49.99). I can see visible pixels with my glasses on if I look reallllly closely, but they are not really noticeable and overall it looks nice and smooth. Build / Design: This tablet looks like something Fisher Price made, but who cares? It’s unpretentious and honest, lol. It has sharp corners and a plastic back that reminds me of a Barbie toy that collects fingerprints, but I actually really like cheerful color (I got magenta). It’s 0.3 inches thick – not the thinnest tablet, but thin enough to throw in your purse. It’s rugged, with gorilla glass, and I’ve read in various places that it beats the iPad in tumble tests hands-down. You get a little lift-up flap that hides the MicroSD slot. Buttons are on the edges and not where you are generally going to accidentally bump them. I purchased the official Amazon case (also in magenta). The new case fits like a glove (and doesn’t collect fingerprint, lol), has an auto-sleep function and the cover bends so you can set your Fire up in portrait or landscape mode hands-free. There is a cut-out for the camera and a magnetic closure keeps it from flying open. I have the official Amazon case (in matching magenta) and it fits like a glove. You can see my review of the case if you click on my user name. :-) Battery: It says it gets 8 hours mixed use, but if you are sucking down the power with movies and games, expect less. Surprisingly though, 8 hours is pretty accurate for mixed use. If you are traveling, I highly recommend an external battery pack/charger to extend playtime. Apps: I’ve never loved the fact that the Amazon app store is more limited than Google Play, but it’s easy to side load apps (which just means to put them on your Fire without going through the Amazon store – it requires a few extra steps but nothing hard- just Google it). As for the ones in the Amazon ecosystem, they’ve added a great feature called Amazon Underground where you can get games and premium content for games for FREE. No, you won’t get Candy Crush extras, but there are lots of freebies there that aren’t junk. Your kids will be happy and your pocketbook will be happy. ;-) Amazon keeps expanding its offerings, and I feel good about getting them from the Amazon app store as I feel they will be pretty stable and safe. New OS 5 Bellini (built on top of Lollipop): Ok, I love this update. This is a huge plus and reason enough to upgrade. I really didn’t care for the dark carousel design of the other OS. This one is a lot more like a regular Android environment. It’s easy to navigate, focused on your content, and everything you want to use is easily at hand. Menu screens are organized by content. Videos, books, apps, music and so on all have their own page of content (just keep swiping to the left and you’ll scroll through them). I really like this as it makes everything so easy to locate and feels so much more organized than previously. The search bar puts your searches into 3 different categories: Amazon store, your content, and Bing. This makes searches easier to accomplish. Another cool thing is that if you subscribe to content (like a magazine or newspaper), your new issue will appear at the top of the home screen. One of the things you may not like is that Amazon takes the opportunity to show you things you “might like” which is basically trying to get you to buy more, more, more….I don’t mind this though, as often I get good ideas for things I’d like to explore and look at later (mainly books). I can see how some would be really annoyed by this, though. The updated Silk browser is also cleaner and faster than before. Other content / extras: We are Prime Members and that is where this tablet SHINES. I love being able to easily access all of the Prime content as well as movies you can download and watch later. A new and useful feature (especially if you travel or are out of Wi-Fi range for any period of time), set to come out soon via a free update, is that Amazon will now try and guess what movies and videos you will watch based on your viewing habits and pre-download those in the background to be ready to view even when you are away from Wi-Fi. It’s totally behind the scenes and won’t eat up space you need to use. This is a super thing if you are traveling and stuck somewhere wanting to watch something, but away from Wi-Fi. Amazon will have you covered. It will also pre-buffer the next show in a series, etc. Another new and nifty thing is Word Runner. This is a speed-reading tool that will show you individual words at a faster and faster pace until you put the brakes on (and it slows automatically for more difficult words). I probably won’t use this much, but can see myself playing around with it some and I know my son will probably use it more, to increase his reading speed for some of his school texts. I’ll update this review later to make a note of how it affects comprehension (we are homeschoolers, so that will be an interesting experiment). I like that I can share content with the Family Library feature. Two adults who make up a household can share their purchased books and content like apps, etc. No more worrying that a book was purchased on a different account. We both can read it. You can share items between 2 adults and up to 4 children. I'm also looking forward to flinging content to my Amazon Fire TV stick (which is on its way, lol). I downloaded the Amazon TV app for it. Speaking of apps, so far every single app I've downloaded (and side loaded) have worked except for Facebook. The Facebook messenger app works great though. Mayday feature: This is perfect for some members of my family who just don’t “get” tech (Hi grandma – I love you! lol) Mayday customer service reps will show you how to do things by writing and drawing on your screen and talking to you directly. This is not the old "mayday button". You have to call customer service first, before activating this feature. This is perfect for your grandma or any of the Luddites in your family. They can get connected to the family and the Internet (and email and so on) with someone right on screen helping out. Most of the really techy people won’t be buying this tablet, but for the rest of us or our beloved tech challenged family members…this feature could save you from having to wash your mouth out with soap! ;-) Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity: I had no problems getting connected to Wi-Fi and once I had it, I didn’t lose it, even when walking around my backyard (which is rather large). I lost a couple bars of signal when really far out by the compost pile, but it still functioned. I also had no problem hooking up our Bluetooth keyboard and mouse that I purchased for our other Fire tablet (the cheap one) so my son can more easily do schoolwork. I plan on using them when we travel and I need to respond to emails for my business. It makes typing a lot easier than the little on screen keyboard. Everything responded smoothly. Camera: I like the fact that this new version has 2 cameras – one in the back and one in the front. I’m not sure why the older model had only one front facing camera. It’s good enough to do Skype with a clear picture and I like that it does 1080p HD video. I wish I had it just a couple months ago when we went to Alaska! It's good for a quick picture or video and you can save your pics and videos to the Amazon cloud. To wrap it all up, I’ve researched other tablets, and for me, this one was the best deal with the most features I’m going to use at this price. Would I have liked a new, giant iPad Pro with the new pressure sensitive pen? You bet!! As an artist, I would have liked to be untethered from my computer for digital art, etc. But at 799, that’s out of my price range. Even the iPad air at 400 bucks is not in my price range, lol. I’m stuck in the budget tablet market for now. I’m really glad that Amazon’s new lineup made a tablet purchase more feasible for me, and in fact, made it so I can purchase two (which I did…one for me, one for my son). I feel good about buying it from Amazon as they have some of the best customer service anywhere. I have had to replace my Kindle e-reader (due to a single faulty pixel that was bugging me) and also sent back a Fire for no reason other than a new one came out not long after. Amazon never blinked an eye or gave me one iota of trouble with the return process. With the Kindle Paperwhite I was sent a new one even before returning the old one (who else does that?!). With the Fire, I was given a full refund. When my ancient Kindle e-reader died (it was like 4 generations old), they gave me a credit to use on my son’s new Fire. I TRUST them based on experience. I also like the fact that at this price, I don’t have to sweat things too much with my rough and tumble son. I like and appreciate the parental control options and like how Amazon designed everything in their ecosystem to work very smoothly. I had a Dell Venue and had NO end of trouble with that piece of junk. Compare that to my experience with this tablet and it’s like day & night. Everything I install works without giving me trouble, playback is smooth, and it does what it needs to do. This is NOT going to do what an expensive iPad or other premium tablet can do, but it’s really not designed for that. This tablet will make a terrific gift and at this price and with the parental controls (especially the updated controls that I’m sure will be out before the holidays), you can feel good about giving it to any kids on your Christmas (or Hanukkah or whatever) list, if you want something with a bit nicer features than the 49.99 tablet. It’s also great for yourself to throw in the kitchen for recipes or in the car or for travel or whatever! I am really happy with mine and don’t regret the purchase at all. Because of the OS upgrade, the better cameras, etc. I’m happy I was able to get this tablet instead of the previous generation, even with the small downgrades. The upgrades make it worth it. I’ll come back and update my experiences and thoughts after a bit, as these are just my initial thoughts!! UPDATE AT ONE WEEK: I've used this tablet heavily over the first week and am still in love. I haven't had a single app crash or freeze. It functions flawlessly (unlike the piece of bleep Dell Venue I had previously). We visited someone in the hospital and the tablet connected to the Wi-Fi there in just a few seconds and kept me connected to family, etc. I've not had any issues with the Wi-Fi at all, no matter where I've connected. This tablet always picks up a strong signal. Downloads are also very quick, much quicker than my other tablet was. I like the email app. The tablet gives you a notification when you get email (you never have to worry about turning that app "on" - it will check your mail anyway and let you know in the system notifications). It's easy to use, clear to read, etc. I don't usually do email on a tablet, but since I was away from home for a few days in a row, it was really handy and very intuitive. I've watched T.V. episodes on it via the Directv app (which works even better than it does on my PC) and also via Amazon Prime. The video quality was very good and I noticed I didn't have to buffer the next episode (when watching a show on Prime). It just played right after the episode I was finished with (as I mentioned in my review above). This feature works really well. Video playback was very smooth and looked great/clear/smooth without any stuttering, etc. The audio via the speakers is good, but this tablet really shines with audio via headphones/earbuds. You catch every little nuance of sound and it's multi-directional. It's actually quite amazing and I was surprised at what a difference the Atmos sound system makes. I looked up some info about Dolby Atmos and instead of the sound being constrained to channels, it exists as individual entities that are precisely placed and moved in three-dimensional space, even overhead. There is such a depth to the sound. Pair it with some good headphones and you will likely be amazed. Note: I used Brainwavze earbuds which are a bit higher quality than your run-of-the-mill Walmart earbuds. One thing I am starting to love is my subscription to the Washington Post app. It updates itself with new news (I went ahead and paid 1 dollar for a 6 month subscription) and the articles are varied and interesting. I can see why they suck you in with the cheap subscription as I'm already addicted to it, and so is my teen son (who loves reading the news). It's very intuitive to navigate, etc. The only thing negative I can say for now is that I still would rather read regular books on my Kindle Paperwhite. While the text looks nice enough on this tablet, I prefer to read on a non-backlit device like the Paperwhite. I also got frustrated with one of the books I recently bought that was formatted for a tablet and for some reason it was a real pain in the rear (only in that particular book and not the others) to get to the menu by touching the top. It kept turning the page instead of making it so I could adjust the font settings. That is the only book (so far) where I had that issue. Also, I think fonts just look nicer on the Paperwhite, although they were very clear and just fine on this tablet. For some reason I can also use the Paperwhite without my glasses with no eye strain, but this tablet does give me a bit of eye strain when reading for long periods of time and I seem to need my glasses more (but not in the Washington Post app for some reason - maybe it's formatted differently or something). I think that's because it's backlit and the font is not rendered as well as the Paperwhite, and/or the lower resolution. The Paperwhite has a resolution of 300 ppi (points per inch) and this tablet is 189 ppi. I'll update more before too long - probably when the an update is applied, or when I run into any issues, or just to remark on something else I'm really enjoying! So far, I am SO happy with my purchase and am finding this new Fire to be a handy little tool that I am using all of the time everywhere I go in some form or fashion! UPDATE: 1 Month - I ran into my first problem when I tried to get the content of my Fire to mirror to my Amazon Fire TV stick. 2 1/2 hours with customer service and over 25 transfers to different customer service agents finally got me an answer and a fix - which was really a very simple stupid thing that should have taken them 2 minutes to tell me. On that front, I am NOT happy. Amazon usually has such great customer service, but the agents I spoke to were giving me wrong information based on the older Kindle HD models. Anyway, that isn't a problem with the Fire itself, just customer service. ;-) For those of you wondering, the Fire mirrors content perfectly to compatible devices. In this case I was mirroring it to the Fire TV stick, but I am sure it can do it for other devices like Chromecast, etc. I've also had an issue where the sound would jump up or down every once and in a rare while. I did a factory reset and so far am not having that issue anymore. Not sure what the deal was or is, but I'll keep an eye on it. Other than that, this little tablet has become indispensable. I throw it in my purse when I go somewhere and it's been humming along and working great for all sorts of things. I do think it would be nicer if it had a better processing speed as I am sometimes impatient for it to respond to a touch every once in a great while, but this is a super minor inconvenience. There are some things this little tablet does better and faster than my PC! I've never had it crash or freeze or anything else. I like having a tablet dedicated to the Amazon ecosystem, so I think I would stick with a Fire tablet vs. another Android brand. Even if I ever get an iPad, I'll still want a Fire for all of my Amazon Prime benefits. I'm very happy with my Fire 8!
RALY0ORVNVX8T	1.0	Amazon Kindle HD 8 Review	88	99	This Kindle version is disappointing. Apps I had on my old Kindle such as Text Plus won't load on the new HD 8. There is no May Day button! I like the convenience of click and go tech. Customer service told me reason for the change was pranks done by users. So instead of solving the problem the designers take the easy way out. The back of the previous Kindle models had a rubberized back, this new HD 8 does not. So the potential for scratches and finger smudges will be greater. The Kindle environment was better in the last version. The new environment lacks in functionality and easy of use. Yes the HD 8 is cheaper, but you get what you pay for, as the saying goes. I would gladly pay more for a more exciting and better built model. Next time ask your customers what they want and then build it for them. Sorry Amazon I love you, but you disappointed me on this one.
R2SVIMZ76XICI6	1.0	Not Worthy of the Kindle Name!	43	47	I have had a Kindle since they were first introduced. I have always been very happy with the quality of every Kindle I've owned until I bought this one after my previous one died. I was impressed by the low price, yet there seemed to be so much extra for the money. Everything written about the features on Amazon are totally misleading. The moment I turned it on I knew I'd be returning it. The screen quality is so poor that everything looks blurry. The screen on my first Kindle was far superior to this one. It's also hard to make it work because it doesn't behave like any Kindle I've had. It behaves more like a Smart Phone. The cord is so short that when I plugged it into the power strip on the floor next to my bed (which is low to the floor) I could barely hold it to read anything without having the plug pull out of the outlet. But the most disappointing part for me was the way a Manager at Amazon handled my questions about the new Kindle when I called to find out why the write-up on Amazon was so misleading. There is supposed to be a Mayday button on it but that's not true. It's also not a full 8 inches of reading space and other things are also not what is advertised. He was rude and sanctimonious and when I complained that my previous Kindle had only lasted 14 months he implied that I must have dropped it or mishandled it for it to stop working so soon. I have always kept it in a hard case and I have never dropped it or allowed dust or anything else to get into it. I told him I was reading a book when the screen just went black. I had a Kindle Fire HDX, with an 8.9" screen with 32 GB that I paid over $359.00 for and I took great care of it. I told him I thought it should have lasted longer than 14 months. He said they have lots of them around the office and they were all working just fine so I must have misused it for it to fail so soon. I am returning this piece of junk that's nothing like it's advertised and have gotten another Kindle Fire HDX just like my last one. If this one fails as soon as the previous one that will be the last Kindle I will own! By the way, I am a Prime Member and have always had outstanding service from every Customer Representative at Amazon until I was treated like dirt by this Manager. You can be sure I'm going to report his rude behavior to his superiors. I have a feeling he forgot that all the calls are recorded so he can't deny what he said to me and the way he said it. I'm going to make sure he never treats another customer the way he treated me!
R229MMAGM93RND	4.0	Good value for $150, but temper your expectations	18	18	I just received my Fire HD 8 last night and spent plenty of time playing with it, messing with all aspects of it before submitting a review, so that I could at least offer somewhat of a well-rounded review. The first thing I noticed is that it's pretty tall; compared to the Kindle Fire HDX I just sold to someone else, it's thinner, taller, and probably about the same weight. Obviously it's built in a plastic shell, but unlike the lower budget tablets, it's much more high quality, with no seams discernible to the naked eye, no creaking when you hold it, etc. (I CAN say that if you have sweaty palms or a tendency towards clumsiness, you'll want to get a case for this ASAP.) The volume, power and charging ports/buttons are all along the top side; some may not like this, but frankly, it's hard enough to hold this thing one-handed without having to dodge positioning of any buttons on the side, so I rather like where they're at now. Turning on the HD, you're greeted by the registration, setup and then the Fire OS upgrade download. The whole process (including upgrade) maybe took 30 minutes. Some might not like it, but hey, at least it's not like a PS4 or Xbox One zero-day GIGABYTES-large download. On to the most important parts, if you ask me - the display and speed. Display: In my opinion, given the purpose of these devices (largely positioned as media consumption devices), it looks great. Yes, I can tell the difference between my Kindle Fire HDX screen and this screen, but given the outcry of the decreased resolution, you'd think this was a Maylong M-250 tablet (look it up if you wonder what I mean by that). A year ago or so I bought my Kindle Fire HDX for $179 and felt like I was sacrificing a ton because, despite the screen resolution and speed, there was no expandable memory, and the sound was only OK. Now the memory's expandable and the sound is much better...and people complain about the decreased speed/resolution of the tablet. In other words - yes, you sacrifice some going from a Kindle Fire HDX screen to the Fire HD 8, but we're not talking a Benz-to-Yugo transition here. It may be a lower resolution, but the screen quality itself is pretty darn good. I didn't find myself weeping and gnashing my teeth when watching a movie. Unless you're a videophile, you're not going to be upset. Speed: To me, this is a bigger deal than the display. Yes, you can tell the difference between the HDX processor and the Mediatek processor included with the Fire HD 8. Is it a deal-breaker? Again, it depends on your expectations. Part of the problem is what I call an 'instant gratification expectation.' I actually pulled out my stopwatch and timed some of the tasks I knew I would do. Email - took about 4 seconds to open the first time, but once set up and cached in memory, it took maybe a second. Amazon Music - this took the longest, at maybe 6 or 7 seconds. Again, once set up and cached in memory, it took maybe 2 seconds. App Store - took about 3 seconds. The same tasks on my HDX, took about 3 seconds, 5 seconds, and 2 seconds, upon first setup, and then got faster. Yes, there's a difference, and an occasional stutter, but you're not using this thing to play high-end games; they're intended to allow you to play tablet games, read books, play music and the like, and for THAT purpose, they're excellent. In any event, it's not like there are no advantages to this tablet, either. There indeed are. - expandable memory (*FINALLY* - larger screen size - Fire OS 5 (essentially a skinned version of Android Lollipop) - MUCH better sound than the Fire HDX had So, in the end, yes, there were and are sacrifices to make, but such is the case with most tablets nowadays. In general, given its purpose, you'll probably not find a better tablet for $150. Just keep in mind what you'll be doing with it.
RSYRUQIPGGJ0P	2.0	i really wanted this to work	31	34	i was very exited about the Fire HD 8 when it came out, i was looking for a replacement of my iPad 2, which since the update to iOS 8, it has been useless. I didn’t want to buy another tablet because they are going to be obsolete in a couple of years and they are so much more expensive. So this was just perfect. The packaging is pretty nice, looks elegant. The device itself is light, the back is somehow a cheap plastic. The screen looks nice, nothing out of the extraordinary. The speakers have good sound. So i turn it on and i haven’t get not even a welcome screen and the first thing is that i needed to do an update… that was kinda of a letdown but meh…. then i needed to restart…. man it took A LOT to time, for moments it seems it was just stuck in the loading screen…. after 10 mins it finally finished and then…. it needed to install the update… another 10 minutes… all my exciting down the drain… So finally i was able to use it i was not impressed, the speed overall is not great, it is laggy, maybe it was just me that i was expecting better and i just don’t know how to read the specs, but it is the same speed of my iPad 2. For instance i use Flipboard and turning pages is laggy, loading each article is laggy. Changing the rotation of it takes like 2-3 secs. What i was very impressed was the Amazon Video app, every episode that i watched loaded VERY fast and HD, Netflix would took a while to load the video and more to load HD, same with Sling. The battery is not that great as they say; for instance it came with 73% with all updates, watching couple of episodes, downloading few apps, it was already 10%, then it took like an hour to charge about 15% more. Sadly i will have to return it, i really don’t see any improvement from where i was, i really wanted this to work.
RIRK63RQ5WFQK	3.0	STAY AWAY from Kindles until Amazon fixes Major Software Issues and Completely Unreliable Updates .......	108	128	Should get 8 stars but Amazon CANNOT get their software updates out of the 'bug bag'...we both have had 4 kindles, now the 8" and the latest software update (8/17 os 4.5.5) freezes daily! changing from app to app is terribly slow, i mean r e a l l y SLOW. loading books sometimes works and sometimes doesn't, advancing pages can take 3-4 attempts to work and then we get 1/2 pages..........UGH this truly sucks.....going back to my paper white to read.... BECAUSE THE FIRE HD is a BRICK right now......(yes we've done a hard reset just last week thinking that would resolve some/most issues) That was wishful thinking.....Stay away until Amazon can fix this and guarantee quality service going forward.........If this were "Applebite" Amazon would get a dozen Bad Apples!!
R1IKGHDM29IEZD	1.0	Very poor product. I planned to upgrade from my Kindle ...	102	121	Very poor product.I planned to upgrade from my Kindle HDX (3rd gen). 1. Performance - The new Fire HD 8 was noticeably slower. Definite lag when moving from screen to screen. Overall very slow performance vs my current Kindle. 2. Display - very poor resolution. 3. Interface - way too much "in your face" pushing purchases of Amazon products...I'm OK with some pushing but not constantly in my face every time I move to a new screen. Interface needs to be more subtle not overwhelming. This is the first time I've ever returned a Kindle (I've purchased three Kindle's over the years). I love my Paperwhite but this Kindle has missed the mark..Amazon can, and should, do better if it wants to compete with other tablet makers that have superior performance and much better display.I love Amazon and have been a Prime member since it became available. I'm very disappointed in the new Kindle.
R1MIQBVR8UQT9S	1.0	Fire HD is dial-up	26	28	The only thing this "tablet" has going for it is the expandable storage. The claim of faster load times is a lie. When I use the web pages I have bookmarked, the loading is so slow I have to exit the page and play a short game and then come back to the web page hoping it finished loading .I have to do that every time I press ' next page '. It's like that with all the apps I use. I would not recommend this version of the Fire tablet to anyone who wants a fast processors/load time or anything in between. Kindle Fire HDX is like broadband and Fire HD is like dial-up. Also, the Fire constantly drops my home Wi-Fi. My Kindle Fire HDX never dropped home Wi-Fi. I only bought this one because my current HDX screen is separating from device.
R225F0LP9CYXKA	3.0	For the 1st time ever, I was disappointed in a Kindle product	16	16	I am a long-time fan of the Kindle devices, and this particular unit (Kindle Fire HD8) was to have been my sixth Kindle. Unfortunately, for the first time ever, I was disappointed in a Kindle product. As a bit of background, my husband gave me the “original” Kindle e-Reader as a gift years ago. Frankly I wasn’t even sure if I wanted, much less needed, such a device, but I quickly became a fan, and I use my Kindles daily. Over the years I’ve accumulated a nice collection of Kindles, as I frequently acquired newer models with the latest features (including a PaperWhite, Kindle Fire7, Kindle Fire HD7, and Kindle Fire HDX7). I hadn’t even realized the “next generation” was being released until I recently saw them advertised on the Amazon home page, and I immediately became intrigued. Before the day was out I’d ordered the Fire HD8 in Magenta, and eagerly awaited its arrival on the 9/30 model release date. I was “like a kid at Christmas” waiting for the package to arrive! Unfortunately, that eager anticipation quickly changed to disappointment just as soon as I started to play with the HD8. In my opinion, its screen display is far from “stunning” (as advertised). The biggest issue is that, to my eyes, the display looks grainy, and the colors a bit “off”. It was clearly a big step down from the HDX screen, not even close really. Also the actual screen size is only slightly larger than the 7” models (not as much additional screen real estate as what I’d expected frankly). I was surprised to see that there is no “Auto Brightness” feature on the HD8 (an oft-used feature that is available on my other Kindles), and I found the ads to be more obtrusive in the HD8 (particularly when placing random icons on the Recent/Home displays, in addition to the “special offers” lock screen). I realize they can’t possibly test Kindle functionality across all the games/apps that are available, but unfortunately the HD8 came up short with my “Top 3” favorites. Candy Crush looks AWFUL color-wise, and the touch screen is often unresponsive to the swiping action needed to play the game; my Scrabble game seems to be missing completely (no trace of this purchase in my Library on the new device), and Words With Friends is usable but the interface sizes things differently/oddly, and I can no longer resize the gameboard to zoom in/out. It also appears that the battery on the Kindle Fire HD8 runs down noticeably quicker than on my other Kindle Fires. I really wanted to enjoy the HD8 as much (or more) than my other Kindles, but I simply don’t. I’ll be on the lookout for other models in the future, but this particular generation was a disappointment to me, and after giving it a try for a few days I’ve decided to return the device. That said, this model might be fine for first-time Kindle buyers (I’d probably like it a lot more if I didn’t have the prior models to compare it to, and the price point offers good value). There are a few improvements to prior models that are worth noting: the thinness of the HD8 is impressive, the sound from the speakers is improved, and I did love the magenta color. Also, being able to add a Micro SD card to increase storage is an excellent feature. FYI, the shape of this Kindle device is different from prior Kindle Fires. While the 7” Kindles were basically “book size”, the HD8 is “taller” (5” across, 8.5” tall). As a result, you have to hold it differently to balance the device; fortunately the HD8 is lightweight so it’s not too bad to do that (just different so it takes a bit of adjusting).
R3S68A4UQFER44	4.0	Good first Fire; so-so second Fire.	16	16	Yes, I gave the Fire HD 8 4 stars, but only because 3.5 wasn't a choice. Allow me to explain... I pre-ordered the Fire 8 the same date that Amazon posted it on their website. I own the 2012 Fire HD 7, and have gotten a lot of enjoyment out of it. The only things I really didn't care about with the Fire HD 7 was the camera set-up and the lack of an expansion slot, and the Fire HD 8 was advertised as solving both of those. I've had a few days to play around with my new Fire HD 8, and I can say that it does feel solid, like a quality product.Getting it set up was simple, as expected. So, if the HD 8 solved the things I didn't like with the HD 7, why did I score it lower than I did when I ranked the 7? The home page is a mess. Icons everywhere. And most of them you can't remove! I had to create folders and put the icons in those folders to clean it up. The menus aren't exactly intuitive. Exmple: Hit the Apps button, and it doesn't go to your apps; it goes to a couple of your apps, with a link to see all of your apps, and a larger link to shop Amazon. Hit Newstand, and you will see a couple of your periodicals, with the same small like to see all of your magazines and a larger link to shop Amazon. See the problem? It's set up to make you shop first, see your stuff second. I understand that this is an Amazon product designed to allow access to Amazon stuff, but it doesn't need to be so "in your face." It doesn't feel any faster than the HD 7, but that's not really an issue. If you are a power tablet user, then there are other tablets out there for you. The speakers were moved compared to the 7. When held in landscape mode, the speakers on the 7 fired left and right, so you got an effective stereo effect. The speakers on the 8, when held in landscape mode to watch videos, fire downward. If you are like me, and you do a lot of watching while laying on your back under the covers, there is some muffling of the sound. When turned up, it's clear, but you lose some of the stereo effect. In summary, other than storage, this really wasn't much of a step up from my HD 7. If this will be your first Fire HD, you won't be disappointed. If this is a second or third Fire purchase, then you might be a bit let down. 3.5 stars from me.
R3TCHOV6HP6ZJZ	1.0	I like my old HDX so much better.	29	32	Slow, slow, slow.... Amazon you disappoint. Add a rear facing camera, and an SD card, good points. All else FAIL. Changing screens is slower than my old 386pc on dial-up. Trying to find my already purchased apps takes a PI. Most apps are glitching and closing as I try to navigate screens. This is my 3rd Fire, but I might return it. Description says 8GB, this has 5.6 of which 1.47 is system files. That's less than my HDX. Overall, my birthday gift is a FAIL. Update:Returned it. Spent too much to hate it as much as I did. Latency is the main issue. It felt and looked cheap, like the $40 off brand Walmart ones, but I could live with that. It's the speed, 20+ seconds to wait on an app opening, 30-40 seconds for my book to open, and about the time it syncs with my reading point, the ereader app crashed, not once, not twice, but 3 times in a row. So I couldn't even read a book on a device that evolved from an ereader!
R1H4QQCYIVXIK4	5.0	Fire HD 8 is exactly what I expected it to be, a budget tab with fantastic features	19	20	As an owner of a pretty old Kindle Fire HD tablet, my expectations for the Fire HD 8 were simple: Easy access to Amazon content, access to the new Underground apps (my old one is too old for this -- the original Fire HD from 2012), and be faster than the Kindle Fire I have. Amazingly, the Mediatek processor in the new HD 8 is actually faster than what's in my old Kindle Fire (I seriously did wonder about this). My only other expectation (based on the photos of the Fire HD 8) was that Amazon finally did away with that horrible, terrible, ugly and useless carousel on the home screen. It was my least favorite part of the old Fire OS. You could call me something of an android fangirl in that I've owned TONS of different android devices, and I'm thrilled that Amazon has based Fire OS 5 on lollipop 5.1 (luckily, they based it on the version that doesn't suffer from the ridiculous memory leak lag). Unlike some other reviewers, I actually LOVE the new Fire OS 5 interface. I find it much more useful, even if the device lags a little due to the Mediatek processor. I love that a lot of the OS looks like stock android 5.1 but with a nice, Amazon-inspired skin. It's refreshing. In short, I love the new Fire HD 8. There are a few caveats, though, and how you'll feel about it depends on if you have a last-gen Kindle Fire, an older Kindle Fire, or something else. GOOD: - Fire OS 5: Far better user interface than previous versions. I disagree with the reviewers saying that amazon is pushing its content too hard. Folks, the Kindle Fire line is locked to the amazon ecosystem, so the only content they're ever going to "push" is their own and it would be stupid to expect anything else. Recommendations are sometimes quite nice when you're looking for something new, and I don't find them intrusive. The old Fire OS that was on my previous Kindle offered the same stuff only in the "store" areas, which often seemed inseparable from your own content anyways. The same thing pretty much goes here. My kindle library isn't huge, but I've had no issues navigating it. Video works fine, and I haven't spent much time streaming music yet. I've had a single game crash once, but otherwise, every game I've tried works great. I love that they went with the standard android lollipop on-screen buttons at the bottom (sideways triangle, circle, and square). I also like that you actually have access to android's "recent apps" list (square button) and can swipe them away or switch apps just like a stock android device. - Screen. I don't get what people are expecting here. Super crisp, high resolution for $149? Are you kidding? Not going to happen. I think this screen pleasantly surprised me with its 1280x800 res. I read the specs before I bought the tablet, so I knew coming in this was a budget-friendly device. The HDX screen this is NOT! But it's good enough for me. - Speakers. Not bad for a budget tablet! Don't expect deep booming sound, though -- they sound a bit lacking on the bass, but that's honestly to be expected. Haven't tried headphones yet. - Amazon Underground. The first version of Fire OS 5 that was installed on my tablet did not have underground as a separate section under games, and in fact it was hard to find the underground apps at all - and when I did, it wouldn't let me purchase them (kept getting an error). This was Fire OS 5.0.0. After my kindle updated to 5.0.1, the new Underground section appeared, and I had no more issues with Underground apps. I should note that my Kindle arrived a day early (the 29th, rather than the 30th). - SD card slot. This needs no explanation. Store music, store movies, whatever. It's about TIME Amazon did this with their Kindle Fire devices! NOT SO GOOD: - Mediatek processor. Seriously Amazon? I'm kind of disappointed that you went this route instead of a lower-end Snapdragon like the 610 or something. The Fire HD 8 lags because of the "meh" CPU, but then again, I'm not complaining too much about this, because 1) I knew it going in, and 2) the price. - 1GB RAM. Another head-scratcher decision. Not expecting this to impact overall performance, Amazon? Maybe you guys should have offered a more premium version of these tabs for a little higher price. I definitely would have paid a bit more for 2GB of ram. I'm almost surprised lollipop runs at all on 1GB given its memory management issues. SUMMARY: If you have a 2014 (and maybe some 2013 models) model Kindle Fire, skip this. Your device will be superior, hardware-wise, any day, even if you dislike the UI, as I did on my old Fire. Amazon would be smart to bring Fire OS 5 to at least the 2014 models, but I don't know if they will since many of the 2014 models were based on completely different hardware. If you have an older Fire device or another budget android tablet, you will likely enjoy the Fire HD 8. If you have a higher end android tab (think Samsung's better devices, nexus 9, etc), unless you want a simple way to access Amazon content, you'll probably not be happy with the performance of the Fire HD 8. If you're an android fanboy just looking to complain about how Amazon doesn't include Google Play in its devices, please do catch yourself up on Amazon devices. They have NEVER supported Google services and probably never will. You buy a Kindle Fire for Amazon content & their ecosystem, and this is a darn good device for the price. I just wish it had slightly better specs, but overall, I'm quite pleased with the device.
R3HM4GQJ9VBREJ	1.0	D O NOT BUY!!!!!	49	57	Hate it. Will be sending it back. Amazon this is your worst Kindle yet. I had the Fire HDX and loved it. Very easy to use but it went out so I decided to get a new one but the HDX was no longer being sold so I got this one. You can not do anything with this POS. You no longer see your books or apps. Very,very,very slow. If you can not improve on your product, DO NOT PUT IT OUT!!!!,
RSMR8IUBKUK2I	1.0	reading disabilities	35	40	I am dyslexia and the new kindle fire does not let me read and listen to the audio book at the same time and highlight the words on the page at the same time. Amazon can do this it has worked on pass devices very disappointed in the device. Everything else I own is Apple and the Kindle makes me want to read this device could help so many people who want to read books and buy the audio book at the same time to bad Amazon does not care about the readers with reading disabilities. Yes it has text to speak but to read and listen to a narrator opens world to people. I am going to keep the device hope they will fix it and let me know and others. They could help me and others Bill
R3POCBWLC19RI9	3.0	THE GOOD, THE BAD, & THE UGLY	37	43	THE GOOD 1. Fairly light. 2. Easy to hold with one and navigate with one hand. 3. Very affordable. 4. Fairly responsive, but not crazy fast - this is a budget tablet. 5. Lots of free quality apps and access to one free book a month if you have Amazon Prime. The BAD 1. Typing can be a bit awkward on this while laying down in landscape mode. 2. There is no Google App Store, just the Amazon App Store. Tsk tsk Amazon for making it difficult to have choices. 3. Battery life is only okay, but hey it's a tiny tablet. THE UGLY 1. The screen resolution. Amazon, seriously you went cheap and it shows here. Text is not crisp, like it should be. The resolution is the achilles heel of this tablet. Amazon, why did you not offer a HDX 8 model? I would have paid you more for a better screen. This is going to be the reason why people consider returning the tablet. If you are used to high resolution, like Air Pad Air, Nexus 9 etc. this will nag at you. I know it is certainly nagging at me. - 2 Stars for the screen resolution Amazon.
R2IIPM752CNVAQ	1.0	Slowest OS ever	22	24	The OS is the slowest I've ever used. I used to own a Kindle HDX, and that was so much faster. This is actually impossible to use because of the latency of performing simple actions - for instance, going HOME from an app or a book takes ~4 seconds.
R2DLMC34EAAAGK	3.0	Fire HD8 - A Step Backwards?	12	12	Not sure what Amazon is doing here...? Each year, the new version of the Kindle has been an improvement over the previous version. Not so much with the 2015 HD8, the successor to the 2014 HDX. - The HD8 is smaller. My whole HD8 can almost fit in the viewable screen area of the HDX. - It is slower. In the advertisements for the HD8, Amazon talks about their New Fire OS5 ! This thing is slow and flaky. Moving around requires multiple touches sometimes- touch, nothing,- touch again, nothing - touch again - oh, there is goes. :( Opening apps/books sometimes opens the wrong thing. And just general navigation is slow. Seems Amazon has released an OS that is not ready for release. - They also redesigned the user interface, so be prepared for that. Some of it better, some of it not. And there seems to be an emphasis on getting you to buy more stuff from Amazon. I already buy most of my stuff from Amazon. Don't need this to be so in my face. On the plus side: - It is thinner and lighter. - The price is much less than the HDX was (it should be). Hopefully Amazon will fix the buggy software with updates - soon. I have already promised my HDX to a niece, so I will be keeping my HD8. Don't get me wrong, the HD8 is not a bad device, it just seems to be a step backwards for Amazon, and was pushed out the door a little too soon. .
R3S8BUU7YPEIQB	3.0	A fragile scratch magnet....	15	16	I love the Kindle Fire Line. I'm on my fourth one - Generation 5, I think. I was very excited that I would be able to add memory to the Fire 8. The feature where Amazon downloads videos for you to watch off line made this Fire a must buy! It's less than a week later and I am so disappointed. The menu screen has these mountain scenes that make the apps and menu bars hard to read. There are so many more ads. Maneuvering the screen does not feel natural. It's okay to innovate, just don't frustrate! The sound is okay but I am not blown away by the Dolby Atmos. Am I missing something (besides dimensional sound)? Downloading is soooo slow. However, I can overlook all these disappointments because there is one overriding problem that trumps everything else. - the cheap plastic encasing. OMG, people! I had the damn thing one day and two noticeable scratches appeared. Right by the camera lens! I've included a picture. The Fire 8 is thin, and it feels cheap. It may be 2x stronger than an AirPad 2 but what is that saying. I mean the AirPad 2 must be made of candy glass. Listen Amazon, I've been a loyal customer. I think you should throw me an overpriced Origami case for this to help cover up this latest addition to the Fire line. I'm embarrassed to take this out in public. It looks and feels cheap and dirty. And I'm afraid to hand it to someone to look at because I'm afraid they'll drop it. I don't believe it will survive a single fall. I'll update if my experience changes.
R27WLR3048HY0J	5.0	I love it for me personally best kindle made	12	12	I Don't understand the complains , you are no getting a 400 dollar tablet. I love it for me personally best kindle made. I like how it feels. I love the look I love the bright screen , everything is organized ,and yes finally you can Changed your walpaper ,please who cares if is second slow for. 149 tablet you can't go wrong ,I got it in blue a matching blue cover . I also own the HD 6 and 7 but this one is my favorite now .
R3VINW68Q2TXWP	1.0	Extremely Disappointed	11	11	I have never been more disappointed in an electronic device than I am in this new 8" Fire Tablet. This is my sixth Kindle, so I know from where I speak. It so underwhelms me, that Amazon should not be selling this product until all of their tier technicians know every single thing about it and actually have used the 8" Fire Tablet; and, until all of the bugs are worked out of it.....There is no cloud that even the technicians could find, yet, the video tutor makes reference to it. The WIFI is not as powerful as even my third generation 7" Kindle Fire HD.....It does not always find a site...it is not as sensitive to touch as all of my other Kindles (5).... It is incompatible with and will not download some of my previous games and apps....doesn't alphabetize the apps on the Home page. It seems that Amazon was hurrying to get this product out to the masses and didn't check a thing, not to mention, that Amazon did not bother to tell its consumers about the differences that this product has.....Shame on you Amazon, when you have had a near perfect record, for me, for over 15 years.. My final word is...do not waste your money by buying this new 8" Fire Tablet, until Amazon fixes the gaps, and bugs; and, this product to be more consumer friendly.
RS9BZWPS39PQD	1.0	Disgruntled/frustrated 8.9 HD Fire owner	9	9	I will rate my 1st. 8.9 as 5 stars!! But now I am on my 3rd. HD Fire 8.9, my 1st.one lasted almost two years with no problems at all. Apx. 2 months go I started having charging problems, loosing down loaded books, etc. I called Amazon for assistance, after an extended time I was finally transferred to Technical Assistance. They did their best to solve my problems over the phone, with no luck. This took several days and several phone conversations and numerous "E" mails back and forth. They finally decided to just send me a "NEW" 8.9 replacement, what I received was a refurbished 8.9, with two large deep scratches on the back side and the cover was filthy and had food smeared on the top edge and corner of the screen! I immediately called Amazon and it took them 1 hour to finally get me to the correct department! At no time did I cuss, swear, scream, yell, etc. I basically got oh I'm so sorry for the problem, but you requested a replacement, like this was all my fault! However, they would be more than happy to SELL me a brand new 10" Kindle and give me a $25.00 credit off the price, I told them no thanks, I had read most of the reviews with regards to their new 10" and I'm not interested in more problems!. The replacement 8.9 work's worse than my original one. So they finally agreed to replace the 2nd. 8.9 and this time it would be new! Yeah right, it came in a re-used black shipping box with no plastic bag covering the device, they even left the original shipping label on the box and just covered it partially with my ship to information. This replacement will not let me down load sample books, only books that I buy, it also dumps all of my down loaded books off the carousel every time I turn the unit back on. When I called and tried to get assistance, I was switched to 5 different people, all who were very nice, very polite, but that gets me no where! Now they tell me that they will look into this problem and get back to me in a few days. In the mean time, my original extended warranty is getting closer and closer to expiring. And I know for a fact, that once it expires they will tell me sorry but your warranty has expired and there is nothing we can do about it! I know this for a fact as it happened to my 1st. Kindle with the flip out light. It died 2 days after the warranty expired. So I had to buy a new one, other wise I'd loose all of the books that I had purchased as they are not compatible with any other "E" readers on the market at that time any way. For your own protection, be sure to buy the extended warranty. Not that its helping me much, I just wish that someone would step up and correct this mess and send me a NEW 8.9 HD FIRE that works! After all, I have bought 3 Kindles from Amazon as well as over 2,000 books! It's not like I have 10 books on the cloud and I'm complaining about my 8.9 operating problems. If there was some way to down load these books to my lap top, I'd do it in a heart beat, but Amazon thought of that and designed their system so we can't do that. I have spent a ton of money with Amazon! I am a very disgruntled/frustrated owner, Rock Tavern, NY.
RK5KPW9BX4KRW	5.0	Major improvements over 4th Generation, better OS, perfect size	9	9	As an avid user of the 7 inch Fire HD 4th generation, I was worried after I read some of the reviews here, and unsure of whether to buy this. Somebody said the Whispersync feature didn't work (not true), other people said the screen was terrible, that the OS was laggy, etc. Maybe it'd because I'm a developer and I notice all of the small improvements - but the OS overhaul is fantastic. This is a much, much better tablet than the other one. The screen size is much better for the web and apps - I loved the portability of the 7 inch, but that extra inch is really quite sweet. As for battery life I don't know yet, but the thing's been on a good long while and doesn't seem to have gone down much at all. This tablet doesn't feel cheap either, the case is much better as well. The OS is way more intuitive, and the design is much more attractive. Even the way the numbers in the screen lock screen have a little bubble to show you where you clicked, shows the kind of small detail the team went to when redesigning the Fire. This is a sweet little tablet that I'll use constantly for apps, pocket, quick email, movies and twitter. Obviously if you are looking for some kind of desktop style work tablet - this isn't the one. But for everything you need a regular tablet for - this one fits the bill. One note: after reading the reviews here, I decided to go with the 16G instead of 8, and to opt out of running the promotions ad server. Total of about $35 extra I think - but both things could be a source of poorer performance. No matter how much SD card you have, if you have less core space, your machine will not run as well. So anybody with doubts should just shell out a bit of extra cash - at less than $200 with a Roo case - still affordable.
R1YI5U0HQ4WYGX	2.0	Can't "mirror" the new Fire HD 8 when offline.	10	10	I am so disappointed!! I bought the Fire HD 8 so that I could download movies and watch them offline ... what a cool feature! ... then take it with me to connect to the TV in my RV when camping. Thought It would connect with an HDMI adapter to be able to mirror the screen. But .. you can't mirror the Fire HD 8 to your TV without an internet connection, which is nonexistent in most campgrounds. Should have just stuck to my IPad.
RUZ0GH9ZNOJ15	5.0	A great tablet device for a very fair price / Business and Entertainment alike!	8	8	I have been thinking about getting a tablet for quite some time. Since my job as an IT Support technician allows me to handle a great many devices, I had the opportunity to test iPads, Android based tablets, Windows based tablets/PCs, but ultimately I decided to go with a Kindle Fire. Why? Simple. I've been a long time Amazon Prime user and, reading aside, I also enjoy the large movie and TV libraries and based on that it was just simply a no-brainer. At the time of this review I've only had it in my hands for over a day, but I am already impressed. It, in fact, reminds me a little of Blackberry OS 10 in its functionality, and since I use a Z10, to me, that's a bonus. I cannot confirm the slow response times at all. Sometims it takes a few seconds, but those are Android apps (APKs) that I have side loaded, such as Roboform, Steam etc. and this is to be expected. Other apps I use regularly I got from the appstore (Evernote being the most important) and it's working great. Email setup is very simple, and you can fine-tune and tweak a lot of settings. I added a microSD expansion card (64 GB), and a lot of apps, Amazon based downloads etc. can be placed on there. While it is true that you cannot really store anything manually from the Kindle on the card (not even with an awesome app like the ES File Explorer), I found that if I manually add a directory from my laptop and, for example, dump some video files in there, install VLC player from the appstore, I can absolutely access those files from the SDcard on the Kindle. Granted, it's not native and if you're not technically versed then it might be a little difficult, but to me learning new ways and finding solutions to problems is a good thing. Overall I'm very impressed, and I've also not (yet) noticed any dead pixels. It's a great tablet that does what I need it to do for an excellent price. I can thoroughly recommend it. Amazon did a great job. And to all those that complained it is too heavily geared towards Amazon content; are you kidding me? It's an AMAZON KINDLE, a device made by Amazon. Of course it will be geared towards Amazon's franchise. That being said, it is no different than the iPad tying into the Apple Store and iTunes, or Android devices into Google Play. Give me a break.
R14I268YQAC9MT	5.0	5th Generation Got it RIght	8	8	I never saw the point in a tablet. IPads seemed like a waste of money, and I was never impressed with other tablets. I love this thing. The size is perfect, and I've been impressed with how well video, such as Netflix, streams seamlessly on it. The dual band network card has been great for that, as I have a dual band router and get a lot less interference with the 5ghz option. Expandable memory is a necessary improvement with this generation. The OS is great and easy to use. I discover more about it's capabilities everyday, for example, the text to speech option for Kindle books is phenomenal. Eventually, I hope to see more apps...there are a few specific apps I have on my IPhone that aren't an option, and there was even one on a 4th gen Fire that I had (before I returned it due to lack of expandable memory) that is not compatible with this one. More the fault of developers, I guess, even though I know about the anti-Google approach of Amazon. But still, overall, great tablet for the money.
R3HKGVH6EMSCZU	1.0	Poor product	19	22	This is my first ever amazon tablet and it may be my last. Very slow and laggy, and the battery life is horrible.
R1LD548927D7FV	2.0	Not an upgrade!	8	8	I was very excited to see the new Kindle Fire as my current one is starting to act up after several years. After receiving the Kindle Fire HD 8 I thought I was getting an upgrade but was extremely disappointed as it is definitely not. The screen is not near as crisp and clear, almost blurry on some things, as it was on my previous kindle. I checked the resolution numbers for the Kindle Fire HD 8 and they are 1280x800 with 189 ppi. The old Kindle Fire HD 7 is 1280x800 with 216 ppi. So basically they made the screen bigger on the 8 and did not increase the resolution or ppi, they actually went down. The battery life is terrible. Only using it to read and it still drained the battery in a couple of hours. There is terrible lag time on changing screens, opening apps, and using the internet. I returned this item and will be purchasing the "old" 2014 version as I know this one works!
R1MFS49I5SV3E2	2.0	VPN not possible. Some apps are not yet compatible.	11	12	My main problem is that it will not allow me to set up a VPN, which for a traveling man like me who needs complete protection from hackers in public hot spots is a Great Inconvenience! this version now limits you to WiFi without the advanced features to do your own manual set up. Now, by having Directv at home and with the desire to connect on the road to watch my favorite shows it just gives me a 4100 error...stating that video streaming is not possible. What a bomer! I am thinking very seriously about returning it and buying an Asus or Samsung Galaxy
R2JVM6X8GJ8EIE	5.0	You cannot beat Kindle HD8 as an entertainment partner	10	11	OK so you see a lot of reviews with all kinds of pros and cons. Won't try to compete with that. This is my 5th Kindle. I buy the new one when it comes out and all the others get passed on down to other family members which everyone loves. (It's good to be dad.) I've been using my HD8 now for 4 days. It replaced the HDX7 (that my wife now has). I am not having any problems with mine that have been mentioned in some of the reviews. Resolution is good and I really like the new sound. Amazing for a little unit. The added screen size I appreciate. While it is not hugely different I like it. The user interface is different but so is every new release of Microsoft. I can deal. I am not having any life ending speed issues. And to simplify the video process so I can have access to videos while flying is a great addition. I added 16GB with the optional card so hopefully that will open up some new options but can't report on that yet. When I started the unit for the first time there was a big update so I am guessing that the glitches some early owners reported have been fixed. For $150 bucks (or spend the few extra bucks for more storage), this is about the best entertainment partner you can get. Don't be scared off by some of these reviews that don't have anything good to say about the unit. This is a cool device. Get a Moko case for it and the feel of the unit is a lot better.
R16UWX42BM16T9	1.0	MAJOR disappointment on what I expected to be an excellent tablet	7	7	What a major disappointment. I have owned tablets from the first iPads through the iPad mini, a Blackberry Tablet, and assorted Android tablets from Samsung to ASUS as well and none of these disappointed. I had high hopes for this Amazon Fire HD 8" tablet as I was looking for a new midsize HD screen tablet. I thought the easy access to my purchased music and videos and integration to Amazon would be a great experience. I have had it two days and it is going back. When running an app, and I've tired this multiple times with reboots between the occurrences, and then switching out of the app to tab through the home screen tabs, maybe look up a product on Amazon or browse other apps works fine but when I try to return that first app I opened that app will either not reload, or totally hang the tablet. Sometimes I can't even escape back to the home screen or task manager or even power it off. Fortunately when it does this worse case scenario it eventually crashes and powers off. In addition there are a number of my favorite apps that are not compatible with this which I did not expect, but was willing to live with. I cannot and will not abide by a piece of hardware so many issues right out of the box. MAJOR disappointment.
R2H652Y5VC9DM3	3.0	Very Disappointed	7	7	I was super excited to receive this kindle as a gift. I've had a Kindle for the past 4 years and loved it. This Kindle, however, is super buggy. Over half the items from the Kindle app store do not download properly, even with the settings changed to allow the downloading of other outside apps. I can't even download my library's reading app! I agree with other reviewers that some pages are slow to load. Most of the time I'm wondering if I clicked on a button properly or not because nothing happens to take me to the next page. I can't even connect my email account to my Kindle. It's been very frustrating, to say the least. I mainly use my kindle for reading and have had difficulty downloading some of my books as well. Books that were lent to me through the Kindle library can't be removed from your books page as easily as with the older kindle. Still haven't figured that out. Pluses: Very lightweight, great screen and really like the new keyboard. I'm going to wait a few more days to see if Amazon updates the software. If not, I'll be returning this kindle.
R3ERU038UCCIIA	5.0	loving this Fire HD 8	7	7	This is my 4th Fire, the 1st being the very first one. They have come a long way.I have never owned a IPad nor any other tablet. I use my phone for most things people have complained about.I mainly read, watch movies or utube videos, checking out my favorite sites (facebook, pinterest, etc.) Or shopping (Amazon, Ebay). This meets all those needs.this it's so lite, I absolutely love that. It's totally user friendly.love all the updates.
R2JVZ9BO53LP41	4.0	Fire HD 8 review	6	6	I bought this Fire HD 8 to replace my old kindle fire HD that got wet and was no longer working. The device is considerably lighter in weight than my old device. Considering the price, I feel this tablet is a decent buy. I know others have said the display isn't as good as other displays, but it is bright and hasn't taken away the enjoyment I have had watching it. I like the new interface and it seems easy to use and learn. Easy to set up, I saw others said it took a long time, but I had it going in about 10 min. The glass screen could be a little more sensitive sometimes I have to tap it multiple times before it responds. I love that you can now set your own background picture. Battery life is a problem. The battery drains very quickly especially for a device that they are promoting as entertainment device. By the end of a movie it is ready to be charged. Unfortunately The cord is very short and it makes it difficult to plug in and use at the same time as charging. This is especially annoying since the battery life isn't very good. I still do a great deal of reading on this device and would love to have a way to sort my many books and mark them as read. So I think when they ask you to rate the book at the end maybe they should incorporate a button to select to mark the book as read. I love the idea that it is expandable with a micro sd card althought I purchased an extra 32 g for it I haven't actually used it yet. I'm probality one of the few people now days that does not have an actual cell phone. With my old kindle I had a textnow app that allowed me to text anyone as long as I had wifi available. I used this constantly. Unfortunately this app is not compatiable with this device. I contacted amazon to find out if there was another texting app available and they said at this time there is not. That was disappointing to me although they did say they would forward that request to the app department, but who knows how long that will take. Games seem to respond quickly and I haven't had any trouble running them. The speakers in this device are amazing. The sound is clear and they are really quite loud. I was very disappoint about the advertised Mayday button. That was a definite selling point for me and it is not present. I did see that since I had ordered it they have changed that features description to screen sharing. Overall a decent little device considering the low price tag, but it still has some quirks. If they fixed battery life, cord, and make more apps available and I would given it a higher rating.
R11D96SLWN8YBL	1.0	Big disappointment!	13	15	This device is very, very slow, has very limited capabilities and a poor app selection. The display is anything but vivid. So disappointed.
R1Q2NCPHQXXJC1	1.0	Useless for viewing your own content. Get a real tablet.	5	5	I have numerous training videos that I want to access when I'm not at my computer. For the first time, a Amazon came out with a kindle that could store these videos (>20GB) without breaking the bank. I buy it (Kindle Fire HD8 5th-gen), get a large MicroSD card, and put the videos on the card. When I look in the "Home" screen, I find nothing (not surprising). When I look in the "Videos" screen, I still find nothing (I upload videos, that's where they should appear). I spent some time digging through the Amazon "Help" documentation, and find that they should appear in the "Photos" screen, but this 5th-gen Kindle doesn't have a "Photos" tab (very strange, as there are TWO cameras in this Kindle). After half an hour in Amazon Chat, I've been told less than half of what I've already found out, decide that this wasn't something simple I'd missed, and move on. After an hour and a half on the phone with "Technical Support" (an interesting title for people who lacked the technical knowledge to properly describe what they wanted me to do), I found out that the only way the native Kindle software could play my videos was through Settings -> Device -> Storage -> SD Card -> Movies. Not only does this make no sense for a device specifically designed for content consumption, but it doesn't even give me file names or locations (directory name) on the SD card. The "Technical Support" person suggested that I download a file explorer application, specifically suggesting one that requires the GPS location (What does GPS location have to do with exploring files or watching videos?). After a bit of searching, I found a free non-intrusive file explorer application that allowed me to navigate to my videos and watch them (best of all, it's ad free). Bottom line: When Amazon "redesigned" the User Interface for these new Kindles, they removed some critical items (specifically the "Photos" page). They also didn't add in the tools necessary to effectively manage the SD card. These two items wasted over three hours of my time getting this Kindle set up. Amazon is supposed to be "Experts" at content distribution and consumption. It appears that they're trying to limit the content you can consume to what you get from them. This is NOT what I expect from a content consumption device. Come on Amazon. Fix this.
R2SIG5AXXMYX9S	4.0	A Mac guy steps out on his iPad...	5	5	I am a pretty Mac'd up guy. iPad Air, iPhone, iMac, and even an older iPod mini to just load music on for driving. But I've always used a Kindle for my reading, and currently have a Voyager which I really like. But I sort of stumbled into buying this HD 8. I was scheduled for several days in the hospital a few weeks ago, and did not want to risk losing my iPad Air. I needed something on the cheap side that would hold some movies, so I bought a Kindle Fire 7 for that purpose. It worked as planned, and I figured I would continue to use it as a device for short form reading, and an occasional book. But then I saw that the new HDs had come out, and went down to Best Buy to check them out. I wound up exchanging the 7 for the 8. What I found is that the HD 8 is as close to the perfect reading device as I've had - and I've had a number of them, including the 7 inch Sony 950 and also the Sony T-1, back when for a short period it was superior to the e-ink Kindles. The form factor is what does it - the 8 inch screen is perfect for reading - not too small, like the Voyager or iPhone, not too wide like the iPad mini, and not too large, like the iPad. Further, it's light enough to be held in one hand and the screen resolution is great for these increasingly elderly eyes. The 8 also works well for several magazines I subscribe to - not from Amazon so I have to side load or email them unless I can figure out how to download them from the Silk browser directly into Docs. What I didn't expect was that the 8 also works for TV and movies. The 7 was a bit too small for my taste. My iPad is fine for movies, and I can't really say which one I prefer but the 8 seems, somehow, easier to deal with. I'm a bit dissatisfied with the new Fire OS, though. There doesn't seem to be a complete synchronization between the Amazon Drive app and the Docs app, so that I cannot easily delete things that I've read. I can get them off the device, but I have to separately go into the Drive to eliminate them from the Cloud. The folders I set up in the Cloud have no counterpart in the Docs app, and although the folders exist on the Drive app, I can't download or read anything on the Drive. Maybe I need to explore Collections, assuming that I can insure that they DON'T sync with my Voyager. But all in all, this is a great purchase. I don't travel much these days, but this will be my go-to when I do. I've made it a point to keep email and other interruptions off the 8 - my iPhone is fine for such things. This is the first non-Apple device I've found that is worth bothering with (aside from the e-ink devices), at least given my limited purposes for the device. Meanwhile, it sits by my easy chair, waiting for me to relax after dinner with a bit of reading or some Dr. Who.
R123XIGRY31ZY3	1.0	Dissappointed	30	39	I realize that this was simply made to entertain. If that is your reason for existence, then this product is fantastic. It does that exceedingly well However, in order for it to truly compete, Amazon needs to make it a productivity tool. You can't connect external USB devices although it does have a Micro USB card slot after a 4 year wait. The Micro USB card won't let you store Kindle books. You have to use ES Explorer to access PDF files. And it goes on and on. I have a first generation Microsoft refurbished Surface RT and it does more than this Kindle. If you can get one used or refurbished then that is the way to go. You can get the Kindle app for your kindle books and then you can load external mobi books, epub etc onto the Micro USB card. There is an app that reads all of them. If you love comics the Surface is better as well. The apps for Comic Book reader's on the Kindle plainly suck. My wife hates it. Beware: I am a Amazon customer since 1998. I have been a Prime member for several years. I was charged for returned shipping. As far as I am concerned, I paid for this in advance. I will stick to my Paperwhite for reading. Maybe Amazon will get it right next year.
R2LI3CPG2IILHD	5.0	Decent tablet	5	5	It is a pretty good deal considering the price. Fire HD 8 is very much set for use with Amazon content - prime video, music, books. I find it to be very easy to use and intuitive. Starting it up for the first time you get some hints on how to operate it if this is your first tablet. It runs Amazons version of Android (Fire OS) so the experience is slightly different but not that much. You do not get your usual Google Play store but Amazon provides their own equivalent that has plenty of apps available. There might not be as many but you will find that all your most popular apps are there. One downside here is that if you have purchased an app via Google i.e. on your phone, it will not be transferred here so you might have to pay for it again. Here is the list of pros and cons: PROS: - easy to set-up and use - thin and light - wide-screen design which makes watching videos a pleasure and allows for more text on a page for reading books - micro SD card slot that allows you to expand storage to 128GB - display viewing angles and colours are good - clear sound - excellent dual-band capable Wi-Fi - built-in cameras both take clear, sharp pictures (front is 720p HD and on the back there is 5MP with 1080p recording) - battery life is around 8 hours CONS: - screen resolution is a bit low for this day and age being only 1280 x 800 with 189 ppi - no access to the Play Store so no YouTube, Gmail or Chrome browser - glossy finish is a fingerprint magnet
RUDMG1PB28VEP	4.0	great little tablet	6	6	I really like the fact that the buttons are in silver so much easier to see screen is clear and easy to use a stylist on long battery use. Much better than my android. But I don't like the charger it gets real hot while charging I actually burnt my fingers while trying to unplug it.
R345AATSPSQYVK	5.0	Awesome Tablet for Prime Members	5	5	Don't be put off by the "average" specs of this tablet. Yes, the screen is not as sharp as tablets in the $300-$500 range. Makes sense. And the speed is not lightening fast. But once you use it for a few days you'll start to appreciate that it has a lot of very strong points: 1. The image quality is actually fine for watching movies and TV shows. The colors are very clear and the screen brightness is super. 2. The sound from the built in speakers is wonderful. The stereo imaging from the little speakers will blow you away. 3. The speed of the tablet is fast enough. Again, not lightening fast, but enough to get the job done. 4. It is a bargain. Get the 16GB version for $20 more. 5. Here is the main selling point - Amazon Prime. This tablet is so interconnected with Prime. You will be amazed at all the FREE movies, TV shows and music you'll have access to. Within a couple days, once you figure it out, you will start downloading tons of free movies, TV and music. It really is incredible how much free content Amazon is providing on this device if you have Prime. Enough free content to leave iTunes, Netflix and Google Play shaking in their boots. If you have Prime, just buy it. It is that simple. Play with it for a couple days and you'll be totally hooked.
R36TP7XSTBVQ7K	5.0	Best of Class!	8	9	I read some of the reviews that were posted band those who were disappointed with the Fire HD 8 were comparing it to products that were superior to it. A HD is never going to be as good as a HDX. I though am comparing it to a Kindle Fire HD that is inferior. I bought the Kindle Fire HD 2012 when it first came out. It was great for my needs. The battery lasted a long time unit recently. Now though I need a higher memory, more storage, front and rear facing cameras, and the ability to add extra memory. The new Fire HD 8 meets and exceeds those needs. So I rate it as the best of its class. First and foremost though it is a superior e-reader. That is the reason I bought the first Kindle I ever owned. If this Kindle did no more than just read books then it would still be best of class for me.
R11XJXUA1PVWBU	2.0	not as expected...	8	9	I am in process of returning mine. It has some nice features, but just too many cons. - Battery life horrible, doesn't even last an 8 hour work day, while my hdx 7 lasts longer. - no mayday button - no sync button, have to go to settings just to find it. - no carousel anymore, I like to keep books I plan on reading on it. - my collections reload every time I go to it, can't click on a collection. - can't add to collections (since they are not showing) - can't delete some apps from home screen. - no wish list app, but it's on an HD 7 Kindle. - no docs tab - Xfinity TV Go app not compatible So that's just too much missing. Will stick with my hdx 7.
R3RX7SV0UJG47H	2.0	Why make SD slot on this device....	8	9	Hello, Sorry to be a negative reviewer. I purchased this unit thinking I can use the product as designed. Generally it is a good product. Display is good and speed is also very nice. However, the unit SD slot is there for almost nothing. If you once can not store Music, Video, Book from library. What is for?. I have the older Fire and did not have SD slot. When I purchased the new unit I was so excited to have SD slot to be usable finally. My dream was wrong. I have verified from Amazon Tech support that the SD can not be used for books, or movies that I use this product mainly for. Unfortunately I have decided to return it and get another product hopefully to that can use SD card as designed
R36SDPNC2FYFYE	5.0	Love my kindle!	6	6	I love this kindle!! Was exactly what I expected! Very slim and easy to hold, suggest getting a case as well. Books are very easy to download, Internet ✔, pictures ✔, child lock ✔. Very happy with this product!!!!!
R3G7BGC8Y9UEVK	3.0	Extreme Design Flaw, polished, shiny I want to slip / slide my way to the hard wood, concrete or other floor and break back.	5	5	Ok Guys if you check my orders you will see this was a preorder, I Buy them every time I get the email a new one is coming out. This was shipped as Rick's Sixth Fire. Everything works fine as should. But I will skip a line to tell you how I feel about the problem. WHAT IDIOT CAME UP WITH THE IDEA TO PUT A GLOSSY. SHINY. POLISHED PLASTIC BACK ON THIS NEW KINDLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Try setting it down on a. Bed, chair, your lap, anywhere where the slick back makes it slide off and hit the floor. So far no damage. I am waiting on a new cover to match my other last gen. So my temp fix is. TWO STUPID WIDE RUBBER BANDS JUST OFF THE SCREEN ONE ON EACH SIDE. OH AND ONE BLOCKS A CAMERA. I can guarantee, with out a single doubt they will be returned broken. What happened to the RUBBERIZED back. Not Cool Guys, saving a buck cheap back. Rick.
R2Y2GQ2L6YU7F9	1.0	NO DIRECT ACCESS TO READING MATERIALS ON THE MICRO SD STORAGE!!! WTHeck!!!	7	8	I am so disappointed that I have to send this "KINDLE" Fire 8 back! Maybe I should have know when the name changed from a Kindle Fire HD 7 to just Fire HD 8 ... but before I go on I need to get it out that the Micro SD storage DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO STORE BOOKS, AUDIO BOOKS, DOCUMENTS, PDF, or ANYTHING HAVING TO DO WITH READING!!! I have had a Kindle since the first Fire came out, and have loved, loved, loved every one of them. I WAITED for the FIRE to come out, rather than just on the Color NOOK when it came out, which also had a Micro SD slot from the first generation. Bought my first Fire and before 6 months had passed, it was stolen, literally right out of my hand as I showed it to a customer who wanted to see how it worked. Yep, just grabbed it and ran out the front door!!! Anyway, I had become so attached to it that less than a week later, my husband gave me the new Fire HD 7" (that he had hidden as a Christmas gift) early because he saw how much I missed the stolen one. OK, so I'm covered and still have that one! It works great and I didn't even care to upgrade to the HDX when it came out --- because IT DID NOT HAVE THE Micro SD card yet. I have over 3000 digital books, between purchases (free & paid) and scanning my own collection to PDF format. I waited patiently for the opportunity to have ALL my books in ONE place, on my Kindle Fire so I could finally use one of the numerous apps that help with the organization. However, every book organization app I've found REQUIRES the books being organized reside ON the device and NOT in the Amazon Cloud. That said, you can imagine my excitement when the new Kindle Fire HD 8 was pre-advertised, FINALLY, with a storage slot for using up to a 128gb Micro SD card. Now, I didn't buy the Nook for two reasons ... the first is loyalty to the Amazon Kindle App I've been using since it's inception back when the very first Kindle Reader came out at the huge (for me) price of $349.99. I downloaded the app to my computer and waited. The second reason is that B&N Color Nook had the storage card, but too many restrictions were put on using it for person storage, including being unable to store your books on it until the actual internal storage was full. Because of this, I was hesistant to purchase the Kindle HD 8 until AFTER the actual release date because the description never mentioned the storage of reading materials: it only talked about music and movies. After it's release, I read the reviews and no where was anyone complaining about being unable to use the Micro SD card for books. I read, read and re-read until I felt certain that I finally had the PERFECT KINDLE!!! I place my order, received it in record time in my favorite color, also purchased a 128 card found NO INSTRUCTIONS for getting all my books onto the card. I wrote a note to customer service and they send me an email back with a telephone number and a chat connection to remedy my problem, because "something must be incorrect with the unit or the programming that will require technical support." I preferred the call, help patiently for over 20 minutes, finally connected and after the usual introductory questions about my problem, was told that NO reading materials can be downloaded to the Micro SD card automatically like apps, music, and movies. I would have to put the material on the card manually using my computer AND even them, none would be able to be accessed DIRECTLY on 'Fire Tablet'. I was told that it is a Tablet and NOT a reader like the previous versions (making reference to the b/w readers, and suggesting that I buy one of those). All the way back to the first Fire, it has been "just a tablet" that happens to include the kindle reader app, just like the one on my PC. Long call short ... I'm ending up giving the unit back, loosing over $20 in return shipping which cannot be waived without yet another call to the order department! My loyalty has taken a hit, but I will return the Fire TABLET HD 8", the case, the 128gb MicroSD card AND 2-yr accident plan at a loss of $20 plus dollars. I will continue to wait for the PERFECT KINDLE color READER with MicroSD storage that WILL allow me to download ALL OF MY BOOKS, MAGAZINES, and other reading material to the card with direct access from within the Kindle app. I just want to be able to use the Amazon Cloud as BACKUP for my data and not my ONLY/MAIN storage. Please hurry AMAZON ... I have a PC and a tablet ... I need a perfect READER/storage device for my huge collection of books and reading materials. I count on you, as a great company, to talk with your designers and programmers to create the PERFECT READER/Tablet.
RBE1KJG3CWCZ8	5.0	8" is great for the price	5	5	The Amazon Fire HD 8, 8" is great for the price. The up to 128gb expansion slot is great. It provides a lot of flexibility. It's the perfect size and weight. Setting up email was so easy. I own 2 Apple iPad s and they not have Swype capability like Android which is the best feature. I haven't found anything yet to complain about. As I use it more I will update my review.
R3A83ULO0BTT97	1.0	So I get this new Kindle Fire. Have previously ...	18	23	So I get this new Kindle Fire. Have previously bought 2 regular kindles, never a problem. So, here is my first thought: The Quality Assurance department must have gone home on testing day. I purchased a book on the new fire but it won't open on the new Fire. I can open it up on my regular kindle, just not the new one. Its there, just can't read it. A kindle that can't open a purchased book? How did that get by them?
R1PSGIQ6R9032H	5.0	Officially A Nook Traitor...	4	4	I've always been a fan of amazon as a long-time Prime member and cardholder but when it came to books... Barnes & Nobile was always my go-to. Don't get me wrong, my Nook HD 7" is still a great and reliable eReader but when I started to feel the need for a replacement, Barnes & Nobile just didnt have anything comparable to upgrade to. I wanted a color HD screen but not a tablet like the new Samsung Galaxy Nook. Very disappointed that my only choices were either an extremely basic eReader (comparable to the paperwhite) or a full on tablet with much more goin on than I cared to have. I was really only looking for an updated version of what I already had. After many customer reviews pushing me towards the Fire as a current Prime memeber I searched and cruised Amazon for HOURS before finally landing on the Kindle Fire HD 8" for my first Amazon eReader. Like I said, I was not looking for a tablet or anything larger than what I had currently so the HD 7" would probably have been the winner if not for the lack of an SD card slot (big disappointment there) along with the fact that the 16gb was only available in magenta.. Im not a pink girl so that was not an option. It arrived EXTREMELY fast. Only about 24 hours or so after confirming my purchase... Its at my doorstep. I was so nervous I'd have buyers remorse for a few reasons but I am actually surprised to say, I love it! It goes between games, prime instant video, books and applications with ease, very smooth interface. Extremely easy to navigate and the 8" is not as big as I dreaded it might be. It is the perfect size for reading books or magazines in public fitting right in your bag (if you carry one). Extremely thin and lightweight so I suggest buying a case for it immediately, if not at the same time. Sharp, clear high definition screen for a great price. The screen is so vibrant I would also reccomend buying a screen protector right away as well. I did not so will be buying one as soon as I finish this review to avoid any scratches and put a stop to the smudges that are quickly accumulating. I went with the 8GB which is no big deal as it DOES have an SD card slot. The warranty is worth it also.. Up to 3 replacement devices for 2 years for well under $50!! Very pleased with my purchase so far. There are a few minor drawbacks that I feel I need to acknowledge as well. 1. The Camera lenses... I hate them. I absolutely detest the fact that my eReader has not one, but TWO camera lenses.. One on each side of the device. Not very high quality either. I would have really liked the option to nyx that feature. 2. The device lock screen is a radomized selection of ADs. WHY... just why.. Did I pay money for a device, pay money for prime and pay for content to put up with ADs everytime I turn the screen on of my own device every single time... I do realize, what I find negative, some people may prefer so I understand Amazon is trying to manufacture a well rounded product. In my opinion, mission accomplished.
R3MCQHEMOBD1TR	4.0	Early Review - Good - Don't Expect Great	4	4	Very Early Review - only had it for 4 days. Replacing or adding to an iPad mini and a 10 in Galaxy Tab. Fire HD8 is a little longer and not as wide as the mini - actually makes it a little easier to hold. Lightweight. Back should be rubberized. I haven't bought into either the Apple or Amazon ecosystem - I am fully invested in Google however (photos, music) - but the Fire claims to be made for video and streaming. That might be a bit of a stretch. It is also AC wireless - I have an AC1750 network so I thought it would be speedy - well, in reality, not so much. I tried youtube - video not that hot and buffering takes longer than my celeron driven Chromebook. Shifting to full screen also causes fits and starts - about 3 seconds to compensate for the change - not smooth. But, let's remember what we have here - a pretty decent tablet for $149 (I paid the extra for 16GB, so mine was $169). So, the PROS would be cost, form factor, SD slot, AC wireless (reserving judgment however until I can do more testing). CONS would be not so hot downloading and streaming - video not smooth - long buffering, software availability (many might not consider this a CON - I'm into Google stuff - and Amazon does not want its competitor on its device - I know, I should stick with Android devices), non-rubberized back (slippery - really needs cover) and the front camera - well, the front camera just sucks - it's grainy (compared to mini). Bottom line - still glad I bought the device - my gen2 iPad mini is starting to falter and this will fill in nicely over time - I'm a Prime member, but I wouldn't use this to stream and watch video - that's what my 24in monitor or huge TV is for - and I don't do productivity on it either. Since it's mainly for games and social media, this sucker will work out just fine. I took a star away only because I'm not a user of the overall Amazon ecosystem and for the not so great video response/streaming. Still gets a decent buy recommendation from me!
R3DQ1QP1EVIU70	2.0	Not as useful as it sounds	4	4	The tablet's physical design is fine, and the slimness are one of its good features. The software side is another story. I was led to believe that this product would allow you to use the external micro SD card to store documents such as PDFs and DOCs. I have owned the tablet for less than a month and already have had to redownload an App after it somehow managed to lose itself when I can clearly see it on the card. I also paid for the non-advertisement yet everything is heavily pointed towards amazon and amazon purchases. The fact that you are limited in storage space EXCEPT for amazon content which can be in the cloud is an emphasis of that. The external storage also requires you to go through the settings menu to access instead of the obvious place the internal storage uses called DOCUMENTS. The device is very geared towards the cloud and amazon services, which is fine for most, but does not fit what I needed. I can store photos, music, and videos (not tested) and that's it. Access to a decent amount of apps that I can see, but it is missing some big names that mobile has that don't quite work on it. The voice to text is nice, since the typing is always trying to correct you or making you add it to the dictionary. In trying to keep the navigation of the tablet clean of UI it feels as if they removed a lot of options as well. I found myself running in circles or hitting dead end settings quite often trying to do something simple. I started my inquries with amazon support via email and simply got a copy paste of their FAQ. I gave a bad review of their help and they told me to call in to get better help. After 40 minutes on the phone waiting for them to figure out this somehow new issue I was just told to put it on the internal. They literally just had me move the files to the external again and try the same thing as before inbetween multiple long waits. I gave a second bad review and then they tell me this time that external storage is not able to have documents. Clearly no one is on the same page for this "new issue". Long story short, the tablet is fine if you don't mind amazon hawking their services and merchandise infront of you and you want something simple. For anyone that wants to make use of that extra storage, it is a lie.
R1AGDWJEZBN9GE	5.0	the Fire 8 getting slightly better resolution. I read all the comments about how ...	4	4	I am a Amazon fan and have had Kindles ever since they came out. Just ordered the new Kindle Fire 8 to replace the 2nd generation Fire I've been using and enjoying for several years. I knew it was time to replace my old Fire when it started to slow down and hang up. I tried reformatting, starting fresh, but that didn't seem to help. I read reviews on all the Fire's before I bought and realized that the only difference between the Fire 8 and 10 was the screen size, the Fire 8 getting slightly better resolution. I read all the comments about how the resolution wasn't up to "par" and how the older Fires had better resolution. I, honestly, think the resolution is outstanding and just can't understand what others are referring to about the resolution not being as good as the old Fire's. I think technology has gotten so good that the screen resolutions may be better but our eyes would never pick it up. I found out the same thing back in the old days with stereo systems, the sound quality keep getting better and better but there got to be a point where your ears just couldn't tell the difference, same thing I think with the new Fire's resolution, it may be better but it's sort of lost on normal human eyes because I think technology has gone beyond what our eyes can see. Another thing I read was how there was this horrible "lag" in changing to different screens. Again, I don't get it, yes, there is a second or two lag but what do you expect, the thing does have to look up the location and get you there, nothing is instantaneous, every computer/device has some sort of lag time, I'm just not that hard pressed for time to worry about the second or two it takes to change screens. Overall, I love this new Kindle, it's much faster then my old one, much lighter and it has a slot for a storage card plus a front and back camera. My ONLY complaint with this new Kindle is the battery time. It seems like the battery depletes way faster then my old Kindle BUT it also has a much bigger processor then my old Kindle which is going to take more battery. Hooking up this new Kindle with Amazon Prime gives me everything I need for entertainment and would recommend to anyone looking for a entertainment device. My only other complaint is the short power cord, should have been longer.
R1CM8J6NCELPI2	3.0	Disappointed Kindle Fan	4	4	The home screen is cluttered. Have tried to fix using settings. It does not respond to the touch consistently, slow to open and move between activities. Have done everything the help information offers, turned it on and off cleared open apps nothing has worked. Loses books after downloading them so have to download again from online library. Using Kindle app won't open the books half the time, tried going to "book" on ribbon and it is so cluttered with new, online library, and recommend for you and "stuff" you can't find the book that was in progress. Family Library is a wonderful feature but hard because it makes everything available and you have to then deselect what items not to share. Would be better if the default was nothing actually shared until you select the specific book or books. (w have a large Library) This was purchased for my Mom who is 88 and very sharp, uses a kindle paper-white but who wanted a tablet with a few apps and games and access to our Amazon books and magazines. The touch screens inconsistency is frustrating. I have a 4th gen Kindle HD 7 that works a lot more reliably. This 5th gen is lighter and bigger at 8 inches but it seems to be set up for shopping more than tablet using. The 4th gen carousel was not the best but at least it was not the cluttered non helpful ribbon of the 5th gen system. We also have 2 keyboard Kindles and a paper-white in use at home, we are huge Kindle and Amazon fans. We are seriously disappointed this time and may be returning it. It is a great price if only it was reliable and able to have the ability to make your tablet show what you care about seeing. This has nothing to do with the special offers which are fine.
RIU7MUS81KDIU	5.0	Love it...	4	4	I got this version because of disability. While I like the larger sized screens, they have disadvantages. Weight is the biggest, as it hurts to hold them. But this one is more of a size with paperbacks. It has a different set-up from previous versions. The Lock screen now swipes up, instead of left & includes 2 new options: Offers, which swipes to the right to open & camera, which swipes to the left. The home screen is more like other tablets & iPads. Not sure that I like it. I found the home screen & favorites to be quite easily used on my other Fires. This new set up isn't as straight up user friendly. It is more informative, however. There are more options & it does have the SEARCH (web-so you need to be online to use it) feature added at the top. Haven't actually used this feature, but sure to come in handy. The Home screen is still pliable in that you can create folders & move things into them to organize. This is a better process than previously because it doesn't take up the whole screen as before. It creates approximately a 2.5" X 3.25" box centered on the screen. You can see the screen behind. This box is organized into 3 X 3 pages. It has 3 rows of 3 items on each page. The entire Fire set up is more prone to Pages. There are 3 icons or "buttons" at the bottom of the screen: the Back triangle, the Home circle & a box. The Back triangle will take you back to the previous place. That could be a screen or a webpage or a program. The Home circle takes you to the Home screen. The box opens up as a sort of Rolodex of recent apps, settings, pages, etc you have opened. You can close any you don't want to keep available by clicking the X in the right corner of the card. Still uses Swipe technology, which I am fast becoming a fan of. It's also pretty accurate & gives you pretty good choices when not accurate. For some reason not all of my apps are available on this device when they were on previous devices. Have not found a reason yet, but will try. You don't have to click on the Home screen or the Music screen, or what ever screen you want. You can slide over to it, like turning the page. This immediately takes you to what previously was seen when you selected Store, where you can peruse Recommended for you, Best Sellers, Your Library, etc. The camera facing you is now at the Top if you were to be reading a book. Used to be on the side. On the back side, it is in the upper left corner (facing the back cover). That will take a bit of getting used to changing where you aim/focus. I REALLY love the external storage option. I bought a 64 GB micro SD card. Then when I got it I found out it can take up to 128 GB card. That is great! You cannot download books to the card (or I haven't figured out how) but can download apps/games/docs/photos/music, etc. Looking pretty good because of that alone. The cover for the drive where you insert the micro SD card was a little bit tricky until I read the instruction manual. I was trying to make it work like other devices I've had by pulling it open or rather trying to pull down. It actually pulls a bit open. Enough that you can then pop one end out & rotate out of the way to insert the card. Then once card is seated, rotate cover back til the peg lines up with the hole & snap shut. The price is more reasonable (All Fires are better priced than almost any other similar device) because the internal memory isn't as big. My previous Fire was a 64 GB (they didn't have external option) internal storage. While I have not tried to destroy this Fire, I expect it will be just as durable as previous versions. I have had kids step on, sit on, throw, smack, etc my Fires & they have done nothing more than upset me. I expect nothing less with this one. So in summary, despite a few personal quirks/preferences this is an AMAZING device. Still in total love with Kindle Fire.
RRQZHCPV6CPMC	4.0	Yay kindle!	4	4	I am going from the kindle gen 1 (yup I know...) to this. This is a wonderful improvement and upgrade. It is very lite weight, easy to use and much faster interface. The major thing I was looking for when I upgraded was being able to create some sort of folder for my books so they are easier to navigate. The great thing is I am able to create a catalog, however it puts the catalog on a different page on the side menu and does not remove the books from the main menu in my library so I still have to scroll through all my book to create said catalog (and I have a lot of books) I wish that there was a way to make the collections option the default screen in my library or that it created the folders right on that main page like an Android device does so I can have easier access to the collections and there is better organization. Also I would have liked a little move customization options for the books i.e. more font and color options. This is a great e reader and is a great backup for app usage. I was already aware of the lack of selection for the Amazon app store and of course, it is no different on the kindle so nothing is deducted because of that (if I can rate the app store itself it would only get 2 stars) if you are looking to get a tablet that has the ability to read books, I wouldn't recommend this but if you are looking for an awesome e reader that allows you to do more than just read books, this is totally worth it! I also love that it came in Orange!!! As advertised, the lock screen does show advertising and as promised this does not interfere with the kindle fuselage at all. Once you unlock the device, the adds are gone! I would not pay the $15 to remove the adds, not worth it because they truly do not get in the way and I don't really look at the lock screen for long anyway so I suggest saving your money on that. I am one happy customer!!
RFL4FMP4S5KX5	1.0	I am very satisfied prime member but this sucks	12	15	I am very satisfied prime member, but recently I got a 16GB Fire HD 8 tablet. It locks up, crashes, lags almost constantly. The software is just terrible. They should be ashamed they ever put the Amazon logo on such a horrible product. Just terrible [1] Button to start makes me shop for buying a movie from Amazon, click "bing away" Well I got the model without the advertisement so what gives. Nothing in settings or account setting seam to offer an option to remove ads. [2] The interface is goofy between the round button and square button. It lags everytime, and no sound feedback for depressing the buttons. [3] Silk browser doesnt work on many/most websites. So sometimes they have an APP that you can download. [4] Every app I installed seems to freeze up with the exception of Pandora. Nothing weird just a game or two and some news feeds like NBC or.... [5] adjusting volume does change volume but you don't get a sense of how much unless music is actively playing I am sure I can think of 10 more things it does badly but you can get the point. Its a terrible, terrible product that make me want to have nothing to do with Amazon as a company.
R11VSPBP4IIG4K	3.0	Over critical? Perhaps not . I love it even with the flaws.	4	4	The exterior casing looks sleek and gives it a fancy appeal but its not practical. Not being able to justify a large amount of cash for decent case this presents a problem ,It slides too much when I try to prop it up.or set on the side of the couch. It would have benefited with a few rubberized strips. The thickness of the tablet is perfect. I am marvelled nearly every day. I can easily slip it into my organizer I use for work .it's barely noticeable so I no longer have to worry that it's going to get stolen. The charge cable still bothers me.I still have issues with too much stress on the Jack. Which will eventually will bend on the inside or on the cord itself leaving me with a loose connection when trying to charge the battery. Placed in a good spot but sometimes I accidentally turn off the fire hd when unplugging the cord because of the location of the power button . I would have easily excepted turning up the volume of or down as opposed to accidentally turning off the screen when watching a movie. On the inside . The processor is not as fast as advertised. I much rather go back to the HDX had I not given it to my daughter . Today I experienced so awful slow load times which I'm not accustomed to. I use this tablet everyday and enjoy it very much aside from the unfortunite items I mentioned. I did notice there seems to be a slightly better battery time before I need to charge again. There is still more that I am finding out about my new kindle but overall I am satisfied . It meets most of my needs .
R3F2XMX8CAOXS9	4.0	Amazon never promoted it as the best tablet. It is available for "pocket change"	15	19	Childrens! Please stop complaining about this tablet and the fact that it is not an I-pad killer. It is an extremely affordable,well made,durable tablet,that is tied into Amazons ecosystem. Don't bother bashing it. It is what it is. Amazon never promoted it as the best tablet. It is available for "pocket change". When you compare it to an i-pad,a google tablet,etc...... you actually sound like a stupid,spit drooling ,3rd grade education having,Springer watching,WWE beliving,corn pone drinking,illiterate.
R3CFIB2F6SOGUN	2.0	A Huge Disappointment	4	4	This is a big disappointment. I bought it thinking it an 'upgrade' on my Kindle Fire 7, which I subsequently gave to my little nephew so he could play Minecraft on it. Now I wish I had it back. Aside from a slightly larger screen, it has no advantages over the 7, only disadvantages. It has a slower OS, so there is a lag time when switching from books to, say, mail or Facebook. Not a very great lag time, but enough to be an annoyance when it happens over and over again. The carousel display is not as prominent as on the 7, and very often it isn't even there when you turn on the Kindle. There is no Mayday feature, so if this Kindle has difficulties, you are pretty much have to just try your luck navigating through Amazon's online help feature. Worst of all for me, the screen often just goes blank (all white or all black) for no reason at all, and the only way to get it going again is to shut it down completely and start it up again. To sum up: this Kindle is not absolutely awful or unusable, but it's just not very good either---compared to the old Kindle Fire 7. (And this is coming from a devoted Amazon/Kindle fan). I have tried conning my little nephew into trading back my 8 for his 7, but the boy is just too smart for me. Recommendation: Avoid this model
RL9PDDH47NUDC	4.0	I like the new one	4	4	This is my fifth Kindle. Two were warranty replacements. I got this one because my fourth kindle was getting slow and frequently froze. It was out of warranty, but I still got a 13% discount. So far, I like the new one. It's bigger, lighter, and sleeker in handling. The picture is sharper. The colors are sharper. On the negative side, there is more Mother Amazon. I'm OK with paying less to get a vending machine from Amazon and I'm sure I'll get used to this one. You get more suggestions to buy things. The biggest negative for me is that I have to go fetch my newspaper subscriptions everyday rather than have the new issues appear on the carousel, which has been replaced with a deluge of things you are not interested in. I'll get used to that too. Knowing Amazon, they will clean this up and fire some people.
R2LJRTD2ARLOR9	5.0	In like the tile display on the Home Page	4	4	I have a Kindle Keyboard, 2012 Fire HD, and now the 2015 Fire 8". In like the tile display on the Home Page, the Recent tap is okay. I had no trouble getting started right out of the box. Picture and sound quality are good. (Wish I had faster internet speed). It is nice to be able to print with this Kindle. I did uninstall the HP eprint app and went with the Hammermill app for printing. Less steps in the process. Moving apps to the SD card after it arrived was simple. (apps,games,photos,personal documents, and music in the near future can be stored on the SD card) This is different from 2012, so there is a little learning curve. There is a good help section online with videos to assist in learning. Overall, a pleased customer.
R3FEASPOTMWJWG	2.0	So disappointing	4	4	I have had sever Kindle's, the Kindle Fire, HD7, the HDX7, and now the Fire 8.... what made me want this was the addition of a microSD card. So far, it is totally a step backwards. Storing personal movvies on the card is nearly impossible as there is no folder designated for such, and there is no method to move a movie from the internal storage to the microSD card. Very disappointing. Performance is just terrible. Facebook is the worst offender, taking over 20 seconds to load. Its far easier to use the web based version. Loading a web page takes far longer than it should. If you have an HDX, keep it. The 8 is just a downgrade. I hope software fixes these performance issues as well as the storage shenanigans.
R2C5XYDJH6O2TN	3.0	Definite step down the HDX	4	4	I got this kindle for my wife's birthday, particularly to run a sleep app she had borrowing my Kindle HDX to use every night. Turns out not only that this new Kindle is incompatible with the app, but also doesn't do some other things as well (not as fast, not as nice display). I like the fact that you can add an SD card and ordered a 64GB card, but most apps aren't compatible with the card so they install on in internal memory and so I have already had to delete apps to make room for others. Over all this is a decent product for a good price, but a definite step down from the HDX. I wish Amazon would have continued offering a higher level model.
R3QKW4N7Z6XXS7	3.0	Several glitches-at least on mine	4	4	When it works without glitches, I love it, but -the glitches. Anytime I ldownload something onto the card I added for extra storage, the homepage disappears. You can only access content by the card, and then only the programs you have recently used. If you ever cut it off after you have downloaded something onto the card-uh-oh. I called the wonderful Amazon tech support twice, who helped me get my homepage back. Finally figured out you have to cut the device off, plug it into the charger, turn it back on, then immediately disconnect the charger and let it load up for ten minutes on updates for the homepage to reappear! At least that is working for me now.
R34K078AWETWRO	4.0	Learning....a good thing	6	7	This is my 3rd Kindle Fire. Each one works a little differently. There is always a learning curve. Downloading movies took a little trial and error, but I figured it out. Never let the screen timeout while downloading a full length movie to external storage (forget about downloading while you sleep) Something happens (internally) and the file transfer stops, and your external storage loses connectivity. (Not sure I used the correct terminology here, but you get the idea) If you try to resume the download, you have to restart your device for the external drive to be found, the download resumes on it's own. The e-mail can be glitchy. If you set your e-mail settings to "Return to message list" after deleting an email, it ignores the setting and opens the next e-mail. (I don't like this, feels unsafe from spam e-mail, and unknown senders) but there is a way around this too. When finished reading the e-mail, tap the check-box (edit button) then tap cancel, and it safely returns to the e-mail list without automatically loading the next e-mail on the list. Like any new e-device, you have to learn how to use it. I like it. I can download all my movies and shows to an external SD card and "really own them". They play just fine on the Kindle, haven't checked the tv or laptop yet....Anyway, it works fine (Kindle Fire HD8) and has more functionality than the older Kindle fires I've owned in the past. Feels/functions more like a tablet than the older versions.
RUNBENE844JMO	5.0	Better than an iPad!	4	4	I bought this kindle with the expectation that I would use it solely for books and it would run very simply and slow. However I was blown away by how well made this tablet is! The price was perfect- not breaking the bank and for what you receive, it's a steal. I use this for everything: looking things up online, reading, watching videos and all the amazing apps. This is by far a better choice than an iPad for both price and durability. I've dropped it.....more times than I would like to admit and not a single scratch. I liked my old kindle but I absolutely love my new kindle. Definitely recommend to everyone!
RKAT4R9KR5ZPI	4.0	First day with my new Fire	7	8	So far so good. I used my old Fire every day so I will update this after more use. It lags a bit but I know it will get better with software updates. Screen is nice and I like the Orange color.
R1OFOX1BV9FPHV	4.0	Mostly Good!	6	7	For the most part I like the device but I only gave it 4 stars because of a few things I was disappointed about. First it is advertised as having an 8" screen. I was looking for something larger than the IPad mini that I have been using which has a 6.5" screen. It turns out that the entire length of the Fire HD 8 is 8" but the viewable size of the screen is 6 3/4", only 1/4" larger than the IPad mini. The second problem I had is that it is not compatible with my bank's mobile app, so I will still have to use my cell phone or IPad for online banking. On the plus side, it comes pre-loaded with lots of apps for movies, games, music and shopping. As an Amazon Prime member, it automatically downloaded everything that I had on the Cloud so I didn't have to start all over adding my own music, games, etc. I would say the advantages over-ride the few problems I have had. The display is excellent and the sound is unusually good for a mobile device. I think it is worth 4 stars.
R2TJV27OX86ECA	5.0	Thinner but better	5	5	Light but built like a tank. it seems to be faster than the Fire HD 7
RCW9O3FBIY3AS	5.0	Go Amazon	4	4	This is kindle/fire phone #6. All are working as well as the day I got them. I didn't need this kindle but I wanted it for the new slim design and sd card feature. At 165 for the 16GB it's a steal. Another winner I just wish the rest of the i_whatever owners would realize that. I preordered it with full confidence in the product and amazon. Again I was not disappointed.
R1E3EGE26IV9PX	5.0	Fire HD KINDLE	4	4	I am impressed by this tablet! To break it down and keep it simple 1) is it fast? Yes. 2) easy access to Amazon content? Yes 3) can I play apps/games? Yes 4) is it easily breakable? Yes- I unfortunately broke my screen recently after dropping it down on the ground It's a great value for a tablet and for all the features you get!
R22A3DBZ8U9BEG	2.0	Software Glitches Limit the Device's Usefulness	6	7	While the device seems to have a lot of potential, the operating system is riddled with glitches and bugs. I had bought this as an inexpensive way to watch movies and TV while traveling, but the process of downloading content is an exercise in frustration given the manifold errors that occur (and, when they do, the device makes no apparent effort to correct them or try again). Consequently, if I begin downloading a series before going to bed, I find in the morning that the Kindle has gotten one or two episodes in before running into some glitch or another and grinding to a halt. Amazon was clearly in too much of a rush to release this; it is simply not ready for public consumption. Hopefully this can be corrected soon.
R2QR4THFHN1722	5.0	Pay little, be Happy	4	4	Exceptional deal. When my Nexus 7 slowed down I started looking for a replacement. The new Nexus tablets went up in price considerably. Purchased this tablet with the idea that I could give it to my kids if I don't like it. It works amazingly well. Easy set up. The app store has many more programs than I remember. Very pleased.
R1FYM9ND14WSDY	3.0	Disappointed with battery longevity	4	4	Disappointed with battery longevity, even when turned off unit needs to be charged every day. I guess I could turn off the WiFi but due to newness I assumed that there could be items that Amazon would be downloading to a new unit so it is down but staying resident. Think they could have added an additional mAH or two.
R3F9U1WM08LEC9	4.0	... between my samsung s4 and ipad -programs -not as easy to maneuver around or as fast as the ipad ...	4	4	in between my samsung s4 and ipad -programs -not as easy to maneuver around or as fast as the ipad but real thin and easy to hold. a t more ALTHOUGH commercial , the excellent hd resolution and great price make it all worth it - has everything needed although i am still looking for a good case. thanks
R1T4C1OQ8W78K4	3.0	Will Be Good After A Software Update or Two	3	3	I purchased this to replace my aging Kindle Fire HDX (1st Gen), whose battery is starting to have issues. I'm currently on my second one of these. The first one was defective - it wouldn't wake up after going to sleep. Amazon's flawless customer service exchanged it for me. The second one is having small niggling issues here and there. I have one of the 128GB MicroSD cards as well, and it means there's a lot of free space on the device, but it can be really slow moving from point to point. Once in a while, it'll decide that, instead of loading my "apps" page or my "books" or my "newstand," it's going to give me a black screen. I can still go home and try again, but I'll often just get the black screen again. A reboot fixes it, but it's frustrating to reboot constantly. Especially when rebooting after the black screen glitch requires a hard reboot (holding power for 20+ seconds). I suspect that the issues I'm having will be fixed with a software update - the current version is 5.0.1, which means that it's still very early in its life. I see a lot of people complaining that the resolution is lower than that of the Fire HDX - at the 7" and 8" size, I have very good eyesight, and I can't see a difference (and we have both a 7" and and 8" HDX in our household), so the resolution should be a non-issue. I am disappointed that this has half the RAM of my first-gen Fire HDX (and obviously software won't fix that problem). It means that there are a handful of apps that won't run on this device. I would much rather have paid more for a new HDX model, but you take what you can get.
R3I9GN47BJX1GZ	4.0	Fire HD 8	4	4	This is a good tablet; however, it should have had a resolution of 1920x1200 instead of 1280x800. I have Kindle Fires HD 6 and HDX 8.9 with resolutions 1280x800 and 2560x1600, respectively. This new 8" tablet has good picture quality if the movie is in HD. For non-HD movies, I'd rather use the Fire 6.
R3DRO5IIS1CFTJ	5.0	Smooth OS and great value for the price	4	4	This is a great tablet for my intended use...web surfing, email and reading books. I don't play games. I have owned many Android tabs over the years and this is as nice as my Nexus 7 so far. I am not seeing any of the glitches mentioned in other reviews. It did update the OS as soon as it was powered up.
R226J599432QZC	5.0	I am impressed, fast, great picture, amazing speakers.	3	3	My kids each bought a Kindle Fire HD 8, and so far they love them. They are 8 and 11. We have a 1st generation ipad, so this is our point of reference. It is not fair to compare the Kindle to an ipad, so this review is just based on the Kindle standing alone. What am I impressed by...the speakers are amazing! The screen sharpness and resolution is excellent. The speed has been just fine. Even with both playing using wifi, no lagging, or freezing. Downloading an app like Minecraft took about 7 minutes; that is not terrible. I like that holding the kindle vertically, and can grip it with one hand, and type with the other. We have only had it for a day, but so far they are both very very pleased. There is a huge amount of free content for prime members. I have not dived into the available apps, but I assume they do not quite have the apps that ipad has, but that is fine. For kids, this is an excellent tablet. My kids do not need a $400 tablet, this one fits the bill perfectly. Battery life, certainly not the 8 hours of "mixed use" that Amazon claims, but not too bad. They were able to play on wifi for a couple hours yesterday (setting them up, downloading apps and just checking it out), and they started at 76% battery, before they needed to charge up. I would not mind having this tablet, it is pretty good, and would be perfect checking emails, surfing, and reading (my hands get tired trying to read books with my ipad). These are nice and lightweight and slim. We did pay the extra $15 to get rid of the advertisements on the home lock screen.
R2QX1IZGRHJ787	3.0	Potential for greatness but bogged down by poor performance	3	3	I really wanted to like this tablet since my very old Kindle Fire needed replacing. I love reading books and websites on my Kindle as well as using a few apps. Ultimately I had to give it just 3 stars which is termed "it's OK" which basically is right on. Unfortunately it has a number of problems that really cause it to not be very likable. Frankly, I'm shocked that Amazon even released this as it is. The poor performance is so apparent that anyone responsible for this should have immediately put a hold on it's release until it was fixed. What's good: - Sharp display - Video playback and sound is great - Good integration with other Amazon products and services - Thin and light What's not good: - Lag! Other reviews point this out and it's true - the device is sluggish even sometimes just turning pages of a book - Touch-screen responsiveness: it's not clear whether this is an actual problem or just the result of the sluggishness - Battery life is a bit skimpy though not tragic - Brightness control could go lower. My old Kindle could get pretty dark both to save eyes and battery life; this one gets dark but still a bit bright for a dark room The biggest problem is the sluggishness of it. If that were fixed, I'd probably up this to 5 stars. If we're lucky Amazon will get their devs on this and figure out a way to speed it up with a system update. If not, there's not really another tablet by Amazon so I guess it's off to Samsung or whatever.
R44O14JEN8CQK	5.0	A" Great Big" little tablet	4	4	The display is bright & beautiful. Very clear & precise. And the audio is outstanding. All in all a great tablet. However, I was disappointed with the restrictive use of the out side storage disc. But the disc & the tablet have found a way to become very good friends.
RQGE30X3JGBSC	5.0	FANTASTIC! But software needs help	3	3	I loved my HDX Kindle Fire devices and I was VERY unhappy when Amazon made these big changes. I was gobsmacked by it, quite frankly. But - I bought one and I absolutely love it. PROS: Size: Thinner - screen is taller and quite a bit wider than my 7" HDX devices. Resolution: Honestly, I cannot tell the difference between this and the HDX. Speed: Actually FASTER than my HDX. Perhaps it is because I put so much stuff on the HDX Kindles... I added a 64 GB card to this new Kindle, so the free memory may be what I am experiencing. WiFi: BETTER than my HDX. I get steady streaming in any part of my house. Didn't get that with my HDX Kindles. Micro SD cards: WOW! LOVE being able to add stuff that way! I am a voracious reader and I travel. I like to have ALL of Shakespeare with me - huge collection of books. My audiobooks. Music. Movies. I like to take it ALL and whatever mood strikes in this airport or that - I have it covered. CONS: The software. Perhaps I need to get used to it. I don't care for the software of this generation. Nothing earth shattering, just don't care for it. And the very light font of their categories when you are looking at a home screen, I guess I will call it - I don't care for that. Overall, this is a fantastic tablet, crystal clear, fast processor, thin, beautiful, and VERY AFFORDABLE. Highly, highly recommend.
RO0475PVT85KY	5.0	Quick, light, easy to use - and you can talk to it!	6	7	This is my third Fire. I had the very first one and an now an 0HD 8.9. I wanted a smaller lighter, faster one with some improvements and I am not disappointed. It's peppy, easy to use. I have lots of Amazon content so I like having all there for me! The new keyboard has voice option which it's great. I think you should be able to operate the whole panoply of apps by voice. I know they have the technology because Alexa is my new best friend these days. But it's a big improvement! I don't think I will be returning this.
R2AHJA48KK9RSH	4.0	I love my new tablet	4	4	I love my new tablet! For this price, Amazon gave a really good product, its not perfect, it has their flaws of course. I couldn't conect to my vpn only accept Cisco Conections, sometimes has a lag, but besides those things, it's a really good tablet.
R106SQXYN5H7FP	4.0	Good value	3	3	I like this Kindle and posted a video on youtube the day after I got it. I did mainly because at that time there weren't any other videos on youtube for it, and thought others might like to see it as it was a new product. Now, having used it for over a month I have a better idea of how this Kindle works in comparison to previous versions. Pros: Size is nice. Not too bulky and very light. The few apps I've used, (Alphabetty, alarm clock and a sketch app) have worked just fine. No issues. Screen is crisp and bright. Sound is good. I don't use it as a stereo though. Is adequate to watch a movie. Cons: It's slow opening up the main screen. It wasn't that way when I first got it, and I haven't overloaded it by any means, but when I click on the main screen, it takes a good five seconds or so before anything loads up for me to open. I had a Kindle HDX and that wasn't an issue with it. I don't like how it only shows a couple of my books in my library, with the default being books suggested by Amazon. I get that enough when I'm on Amazon. When I'm on my own Kindle, looking at MY library, I don't want to see other books. It's confusing and irritating. This could be fixed with a software update and I hope Amazon will do that. Overall though, for the money, this is a good device.
RELAWLFMGEQYJ	3.0	Ok for the money but has its problems and the camera is really bad.	3	3	Well it is an improvement over the 2nd generation Fire, but not as much as it should be. The screen is nice, that size is nice but it has a few issues. First off the so called tutorial is just bad, so I have spent way to much time trying to figure the new OS out. Add to this the fact that it was supposed to be configured for my account but wasn't and this has not been as simple as it should have been. Then you have some real issues. Such as it does not want to remember my email address so I have to type it in every time I am setting up an app or some other function for the first time. And it has a few other issues. Such as the camera is really really bad. It claims it is 5mp but it is so grainy that I was wondering if there was plastic over it. And the camera is really sensitive to light flair. Very minor light give Hugh flair. I tried to use the camera to take a couple photos to post on Facebook and they were just not good enough even for that. And when I tried to use it to scan in a barcode on a book it just won't work and I even tried a really big barcode. So as far as I can tell it may as well not have a camera. It also takes a long time holding the power button to get it to do anything. So at this point I am thinking this was not the best use of my money.
RSGB30M9A406H	3.0	Unsure if I will keep....	3	3	Good n Bad... I have had 3 Fires in 2 weeks... Really Disappointed the 3rd one is a Refurbish ... return the first unit due to everytime I watch or download a video it shut down completely .... Second unit did the samething until I deleted apps they have preprogrammed into the unit...and it seems to be Ok... during the first few days with the 2nd unit with the issues back on the phone with Tech Support (Which Really Sucks) they sent the 3rd unit... Not telling me it would Not Be a New unit until I got the Confirmation Email.... I tried it but it to shuts down out of the blue.... I should Not Be Charged full Price for a Used Unit... !!!! Tech Support Really Sucks... Everytime I am internally tranfered They Require Me to give my ID info.... I understand the first person confirming I am who I am.... but once that is done and if they need me to talk to others and by this time I am beyond FRUSTRATED with the lack of anyone knowing How to Fix the trouble and to have to confirm Who I am EVERY TIME...OH So Not A Customer Friendly Customer Servive Dept. I am Returning the Refurbished Unit... if this Fire continues to give me Trouble I will Return and update my feedback.... and find another Ereader or another Ipad....Time will Tell.......
ROU6IUW0VHSV5	5.0	Rags to Riches; from a Kindle 6" e-Reader dated 2011 to this sleek, slim, FIRE HD 8, circa October. It's a Cinderella story !!!	3	3	This was given as a college graduation gift to my daughter, who didn't even have a Smartphone, let alone a tablet of any kind (well, a pretty old Kindle e-ink 6" e-reader from 2011) She had been sharing time using the "family", hand-me-down iPad. I had been researching affordable tablets for months, and had just about decided to fork out the extra money for an iPad Mini, on recommendation of friends and family. However, just when I was about to drive over to Best Buy on the weekend, Amazon put out an announcement about the Fire HD8, ready for pre-order! I was stoked, because I love my Kindle Fire 7 that I purchased back in 2012, and could only imagine what this new, late-in-the-year, 2015 Fire HD 8 would be like! When she received the surprise in the mail, she said it was like, "Birthday, Christmas and all other holidays put together!!" She loves it and will text me periodically to say how happy she is and to thank me. She has been so used to "just" reading on her Kindle e-reader that she says she now has a "moral dilemma, whether to read or (be decadent) and play Candy Crush!!!! She has nothing but good things to say about the Fire HD 8 and I am extremely happy1
RW7RCLBT0N29O	2.0	Very disappointed, the apps I wanted to install are not ...	4	4	Very disappointed, the apps I wanted to install are not available for this model. It is a real shame that Amazon would release a new model that makes old apps obsolete without an upgrade available.
R1QGWAMBNA3E8L	5.0	Great for a first tablet.	3	3	This is my first tablet. That being said it has been a really good deal so far. I don't mind the wait time between apps; it seems like 2-4 seconds at most. I'm good with that. Very responsive so far, great screen quality. The Kindle app looks very good, I can't wait to start reading on the tablet. Also comes with self-help videos on the hard drive for FAQ. The battery does seem to drain a little fast; that is one con I can claim. The setup is a little confusing for me, but again it is my first tablet and Android device at that; being used to iProducts I'm still getting used to not having a push able home button. But I'll get over that as I get used to the Fire and play with the device a bit more. I bought a micro SD card for it, not the recommended one and it fits fine, so you can get one cheaper than the recommended one and have it work. Feels very durable as well, although you might want to avoid the hammer test and car tire trial. All in all I'm pretty satisfied with the Fire so far. I'm finally in the 21st century.
R1AFKSLQGK6OI0	3.0	not worth the money	3	3	I'm disappointed in the Fire HD 8. I thought this would be an upgrade from my Kindle Fire but it isn't. The device is no faster than the Kindle Fire. It is not as useful as I hoped. Since it is a "table" I thought I could use it when I travel instead of taking a laptop. I play scrabble with family members and am not able to do it on this device. But that is a minor problem. The clock refuses to stay set for the proper time zone--I have worked with tech support and they have not been able to help. Additionally, I can tap on a link and nothing happens. I find I often have to tap 3 or 4 times for action to happen. The camera is not all that great--no ability to zoom so most pictures are too distant looking even when I was standing close up. The biggest grip--I was hoping this would be better in bright light but it is not. I still have to find shade to be able to see the screen. I am sorry I wasted my money on this so called upgrade.
R3VLQTKG8JV75O	4.0	... my wood carvings which the 8 " HD works great! The camera takes very good pictures at shows	3	3	I needed something to display my wood carvings which the 8 " HD works great ! The camera takes very good pictures at shows , and moving pictures back and forth between my Fire and shop computer is easy enough even for this old man , Battery life is good , but again I don't use it very hard . I'm still learning all the things it can do . E-mail , I've got to figure out how to filter out some of the junk , working on that ! Facebook , again " I " have to work out whats going on , the Fire knows what it's doing . I have downloaded a book that's cool ! 1, 3D game just to see how that works ( note ) tilting the Fire will not help you ! I have under $ 200 into this , that's the Fire , a case , a SD card , and a screen shield . I will more than likely raise my review as I venture further into the workings of my Fire , since everything " I have " played with , " I " seem to be the hold up .
R22R4J12N5IZ1U	3.0	It's OK, but don't consider it an upgrade if you are happy with your current Kindle	5	6	As some others have said I expected this to be an upgrade from my previous Kindle, but it really isn't. It actually takes longer to boot up than my old one and the performance doesn't seem to be any better. It's not worse...just the same. If you are happy with your current Kindle then don't look at this as an upgrade unless you just want the SD card slot and a slightly bigger screen than the 7 (or you just want one that is a pretty color). My biggest complaint is that the screen seems to be calibrated to respond better to cat paws than of people fingers, since I have problems getting it to respond sometimes, but my cat snakes her paw around it and it does whatever she touches. The cat doesn't like it because she could play her Laser toy game on my old one as long as she wanted and the ads were rarely activated by her touches. I let her play on this one and she managed to activate the ads within a minute of starting to play every time, so she quickly lost interest. The area it responds to when you are trying to hit the Back, Home, and Window keys is really close to the screen, so if you tap it too high you end up opening the app that's right above it, and if you are too far to the right or left you end up hitting the button next it it. I'm constantly hitting the "Window" button when I meant to hit the "Home" key, or hitting the Home key when I meant to hit the "Back" key. I'm sure I will get used to it, but this could be problematic for people that have problems with fine motor skills or people with large fingers. All that said I'm keeping it mainly because it has the SD card slot since I like to store many videos on the device for when I'm not near a WiFi connection and it's lighter and easier to hold than my old one.
R2X4EPUE3VCXZS	5.0	Delightful	3	3	I have owned just about every Kindle . The HDX models are not my favorite as they seem rather glitchy and the sound stinks. The first fires are wonderful and I still use one of the early heavy simple warhorses. I have the little rugged HD6 which is a nice little unit when I am out and about and have a hotspot. I had been waiting eagerly for a new line as my old Kindle 7 is getting old and tired. I am still playing with and learning the new HD 8,but am very pleased so far. I initially had a silk because the old carousel is gone and that will take some getting used to. The speed, the display, and the sound of this new unit is delightful. I absolutely love it so far. This is a must for those who loved the first Kindles. The sound is awesome...no more having to use Bluetooth to watch a video. It is light. It is , so far, a great great little unit.
R27LMK7G1SJ5JX	4.0	Ok but not 5 stars	3	3	I got this Kindle tablet about a week ago and I really haven't had the chance to really get into it. I had the last generation that was my husbands and it was big and heavy this one is light weight slim. It has a lot of apps already preloaded that the other Kindle didn't have but it was the one with the May Day feature. This one has the SD slot & it can use up to 128 gigs (yay)! The downfall is this, the back of the tablet can easily dent if dropped (😤) the toggle keys suck on top and the on/off button is in a terrible spot! I think they should have kept them on the side like the other past generations. Hope this helps. This is an after market case bcuz the one I order was gonna take a month and the straps on this cover are so tight which is great for protection but, it causes the tablet to shut off bcuz where the keys are located
R1YPHNKEXQ9NCL	4.0	Great basic tablet, good deal for Prime Members	3	3	Great tablet for the cost, does all the basic functions great. These are email, web surfing, and social media. If you belong to Amazon Prime then it's even better since this thing makes it easy to take advantage of the extra content you can access. Movies, TV Shows, music, books. A lot of this is free for Prime Members. Good idea and business move for Amazon as it encourages Amazon content and purchases. The tablet itself is pretty good, smaller and more narrow than an iPad. Easy to hold in one hand, screen is nice for video, reading, web surfing and email. If the iPad is setting the bar and is a 10, I would give this an 7-8. The weakest thing is the camera, it adequate but you smart phone is better. A feature it has that the iPad lacks is the ability to add an Micro SD Card for extra space. It is also much cheaper than an iPad.
R1IY33ZIGQZ23	5.0	Get the 16G model, Great Value and Worth the Upgrade	3	3	I have last year's kindle fire HDX 7" and decided to upgrade. It's worth it, especially at this price. Decide is 1" longer, so more rectangular and better for watching movies. The reading app now has the ability to scroll the book one word at a time at the center of your screen, you select reading speed. Reading this way is not for everyday for me but perfect for when I'm on the treadmill or exercising, no need to flip page. Genius! NOTE: I originally got the 8G since there is now microSD expansion slot. But I returned the device for 16G because books, newsstand items (magazine and newspapers) and certain other items have to be stored on the device. So I ran out of space with the 8G as I like have a lot of reading options on my device available offline as I fly many long flights and long car rides.
R1J5BL3I9SULKH	5.0	YES It's Awesome...bearing in mind...	3	3	I confess, I am an Amazon, Amazon Prime, Amazon, Sales, Amazon Gadgets, Amazon Devotee-Zombie-Count-On-Me Apostle. I treat myself to an upgrade approximately every 2 years, and Amazon never fails to please (me). The Fire 8" HD is FANTASTIC (in my opinion). I purchased extra micro cards for additional storage, because I knew 16GB would not be sufficient (for my needs). The display is awesome, the sound is adequate--but if you want more volume, I'd reccommend a wireless Bluetooth speaker. My jury is still out on battery life between charges, my initital judgement is that there's no way their specs match my real-time usage...but, I don't completely trust my judgement. I know that sounds wishy-washy...I don't care. I'm claiming honesty here, not universal accuracy.
R1BLPV3FIGDGZ5	3.0	Fire HD 8"	5	6	edit two weeks later: The HD 8 has been returned. Short story: as a value tablet, or for a first-time user, it is a fine tablet. As an upgrade from an HDX. don't. I have a 3rd generation 7" Fire HDX, which is two years older than this new 8" HD model. I realize that the HD is NOT the HDX, but with those two years between, one would hope that the performance would typically improve to make the upgrade worthwhile. But even with the time difference, the specs on the HDX still best this new 8" HD model. My HDX has been lovingly abused: the screen is scratched, it's been dropped, and the battery doesn't hold as much as it used to. I figured it was time for an upgrade, so I opted for this new 8" HD model. There _is_ a newer 8.9 HDX, but that size does not appeal to me. This 8" HD model feels sluggish. Unfortunately, a new operating system on top of things makes it even harder to judge (Fire OS 4.x on the HDX vs. Fire OS 5.x). More than once, I'm tapping, tapping, tapping an icon, not quite sure if it's not registering my taps, or if it's just slow to respond. There is noticeable light leakage around the whole bezel, but right where the SD card installs it is very noticeable. The case is a slick and glossy plastic which feels like it'll slip out of my hands any moment (unlike the rubbery-grippy material used on the HDX). At the gain of one inch screen real-estate, a rear camera, and an SD slot to make up the difference of a loss of internal memory, I am not sure the HD is a good upgrade from the 7" HDX, and I'm strongly inclined to return it and holding out hope for a refresh of the smaller HDX model(s).
R3V1QYLDY61JYG	1.0	Kindle HD 8	8	10	Disappointed. Your off shore Technical Support group is EXTREMELY hard to deal with - so much so that I will not waste my time speaking with any of them again. When I finally got to speak to a US based representative I was able to work through most of the problems on the SECOND HD Fire 8. The first one wound up having to be replaced. The unit is not as easy to use as my former Kindle reader was. Had I been aware of how frustrating this experience would turn out to be I would have purchased something else.
RSMD45K40USP	5.0	cool but I am old and wish it had instructions	4	4	cool but I am old and wish it had instructions. It only had a card showing where to plug in charger and turn on and off.
R12DXOW83NJU3F	4.0	Good Buy	4	4	Just now learning all the features, but so far it really out does the "Nook" which I had prior to this purchase
R2V39IP6YEM53C	4.0	Great product, awesome price	3	3	Really like this tablet. It's fast with a very nice display. Super thin and light-weight. I also love the child-safe mode Amazon has on these. Easy to flip from child-safe back to my account - in my account is where I can decide what to download - then flip back to the child's account and grant access to that particular app. One surprising effect, my child is reading novels on the tablet. - they seem to like this media and I'm not sure they realize they are reading a 150 page prize-winning author's work I chose the book and I download the same title to my kindle and will read together so I can answer questions and discuss characters with my son.
RGL8TXSC3PWB5	1.0	Misleading Advertising!!!!	10	13	I pre ordered this product for my bf mainly because he wanted to be able to watch Netflix and read books so I researched and this seemed like a good option. The description clearly says it supports Netflix and what a surprise it is that it DOES NOT! the app is pre installed and whenever you tap on it it never launches. If you try to download it again from the store it tells you that the tablet does not support Netflix. I tried contacting customer service and after being transferred to 10 different customer service representatives (I am not kidding I counted them) they said they have to escalate the issue and cannot give me an exact time frame as to when I can expect and answer from them. Terribly dissapointed on this item. I will deman a full refund on it because the description is misleading!
R1HEGV7L9BY33E	5.0	LOVE IT!!	3	3	Love my new fire HD 8. I've had it for a week and it's great. I love how thin it is and that the back,its nice and glossy,it makes it easier to wipe off finger prints,I had a fire 8.9 and didn't like the matte like finish on the back, fingerprints were hard to get off. The new fire swipes easily from page to page. The screen is clear and crisp , the colors pop,when your watching a movie or playing games. I like that you can have a wallpaper now. I do like the ads, and the recommendations for books and such. Over all I'm very pleased with it, looking forward to my new case when it arrives. Thank you Amazon for another great product.
R1WIORDWKUVYMS	3.0	Too slow to access Apps and email	3	3	I am very disappointed with the speed of the Kindle Fire 8. Timed how long it takes for an app to load. It too up to 20 seconds to load Facebook, email, Words with Friends, etc. I contacted tech support which was a huge waste of my time. The usual rhetoric of reset to factory settings. Really? I bought this brand new without ads and the reset did no take it better. This is slower than my original Kindlle Fire. I do not like that I had to search online to find the asterisk key because again the tech support outside the U.$. was not helpful. I am a big Amazon fan and this experience has been disappointing.
R7UKN699HGGQI	3.0	Kindle HD 8.8	3	3	I have owned and used several kindles over the years. I spend time on one every day. I read bokks., check my Facebook and emails on it daily. My prior kindle stopped working and I decided to buy a different one. I think this kindle is OK but it is a little busy on the home screens for me. It does tend to download things very slowly and has closed my games unexpectedly. Overall not a bad tablet but not up to the kindle fire HDX. The screen size is adequate and the slim lightweight design is great if you only use it for reading and some internet based apps like email. I wouldn't recommend it for gamers.
R3TDQAQ0ISZJXU	1.0	this is not an upgrade :(	7	9	UPDATING AS OF 10/10 ........well I just wanted to update due to my sadness & frustration with the new tablet & my extreme frustration LOL with me selling my HDX once I received this new cheaper version...............anyway I searched on amazon & found that they still are selling the kindle HDX 7 brand new !!! I'm sure once the stock is gone they will not be making them anymore but I jumped on it & ordered the HDX7 again.................I am soooo happy now - I will no longer be stuck with the cheaper model tablet that I will have to wait 2 weeks to get due to my first one having so many problems & being such a lemon it wouldn't even work after 2 days.............I will treasure the HDX until amazon decides to bring something better quality to the table again :) so for anyone not being happy with the new tablet check out amazons site - they still have an HDX 7 64 gb for sale brand new....................... wow amazon I cant believe I am actually writing a bad review :( but I'm doing it so hopefully amazon will read these reviews & put out a better quality tablet like the old HDX's !!! I have had kindle fire tablets since day one - I have always upgraded & have always been happy & never a problem............well I bought the new fire HD8 thinking it was an upgrade with just a better price point (due to competition) - so when it arrived I was very excited - loved the new color - loved the new size & shape - loved how it was lighter .............so I figured I was good to go & I sold my kindle HDX 7 inch on craigs list & boy am I kicking myself right now :( the device worked for 2 days & then nothing.........I would get the screensaver but when I would swipe to go to the homepage nothing - complete blackness -tried rebooting - resetting a million times LOL & nothing - just darkness - I called customer service & they did the same thing- more rebooting & resetting & nothing - so the conclusion was they are sending me a replacement which now I wont get til 10/23 - so now I'm out a device til then (yes i'll live but its the point lol ) - on the plus side customer service was very nice :) other cons are...........horrible battery life...........I was on the phone with customer service for about 1 hour (yep that's right 1 hour ) & I was at 53 percent & when I got off the phone it was 13 percent........that's awful..........old HDX way better with battery life other con................super slow................again HDX much better I bet your asking why I'm getting a replacement well they no longer have the old solid HDX"S for sale (new) (they are discontinued) so my choice is the new HD 8................I sure hope my next one isn't a lemon but from the reviews I'm not getting my hopes up ..................so amazon please please rethink the new tablets & work on a better upgraded tablet............I am more than happy to spend money "again" to get an upgraded tablet - please bring back the HDX or at least a better quality new HD tablet sorry to leave a bad review but this was a huge let down :(
R2ZQ6ESGKZVNTB	5.0	Love it!	3	3	Love it! My Kindle Fire HD was dropped and broken. I replace it with a tablet in the same price range as the Fire HD 8 and was totally dissatisfied. Ordered the new Fire HD 8 when it was announced in late September, got it recently and am very pleased. All my old Kindle content was there and it is easy to use and MUCH faster than the NuVision tablet I had used as a replacement. And I chose the option of paying a little more to not have it ad-supported. It is Wonderful!
R37158LVG4XCQO	3.0	I like the expanded memory card option	3	3	Overall design is an improvement from previous generations. I like the expanded memory card option. I have found it not to be as responsive or fast as previous Fire HD and HDX models. I hope that future software updates will focus on this. Video watching is exceptional and I have found that wireless performance is satisfactory but could be improved. Speakers are loud and terrific if sharing an video with others. Looking for software improvements in the future.
R2FDH30VO0LDNE	2.0	Disappointed again.	7	9	I have played around with the HD8 for a while. Disappointed again. I have not liked the original android OS much. It is much like going back in time to a more primitive incomplete OS. HD8 provides less than the original android OS. HD8 has improved over previous fire OS versions due to the removal of some crippling and redirecting to Amazon sites, but HD8 is not an unrestricted modern tablet. The HD8 does not allow android features and apps to be installed/compatible. Installing many android apps causes freezing. It is less useful than my older tablet with an old version of android. It charges for features that are free in other versions of android. It is a poor reader because the background is painfully bright and white. It still does not have a no-glare screen. It is slow in its original preinstalled format - like: tap tap tap TAP TAP TAP bang bang bang BANG BANG BANG off on off on. There was excessive buffering under circumstances where my old android and laptop did not buffer at all making it useless to play web videos. Casting to chrome is free on my laptop and old tablet, but not in the HD8. Annoying. It gulps battery life. Fire HD8 usefulness is limited to being an Amazon shopping device with maybe some web surfing, email and messaging. HD8 keeps track on every webpage, every application, every everything on the tablet and sends all your data back to Amazon, unless you change every setting and, even if you do that, like win10, who knows. So HD8 is not ready for prime time which is sad because I just love me Kindle ereader.
RRXHRNJRKFA45	5.0	They recommended the Fire HD which I received the other day ...	3	3	I had a Kindle Fire (the first one that was available) and it died on me - I was very upset as I use it all the time. Amazon walked me thru some of the issues that I was having with my existing Kindle but unfortunately it was a "goner". They recommended the Fire HD which I received the other day and I love it!!! It's got a much bigger screen and the display screen is really great, nice and crisp as well as being easy to read. Thanks for all your help.
R1OUQBF9H7Q82I	3.0	READ THIS BEFORE BUYING THAT EXTRA STORAGE!	7	9	Let The Buyer Beware! The Fire with the ability to add a memory card to increase the storage seemed terrific to me as an alternative to taking my iPad out of the house. So I was quite surprised when one day of ownership found me running out of storage. I assumed it was something I did wrong, so I formatted the card and started ALL OVER with bringing music and books in. Today I found that the wonderful ability to increase that storage by 128G was a joke as you cannot use it for books or music unless it is data that you have that you are bringing in. Now my books come from AMAZON, my movies and music come from AMAZON. I won't be using a dinky device like that to take photos, so won't need that storage space. That was on the VERY fine type. So if you don't have a lot of your own content, save your money on ramping up the storage. The other slap in the face (thankfully THIS was something I learned before I made the purchase!) and that is that if you buy the memory they have listed, you will pay more than if you buy the same kind of memory by SanDisk with Amazon Prime. It is a nice savings to write down the specs on the memory and purchase that separately rather than by clicking the little "Easy" box when ordering. Needless to say, my Fire is packaged up and will go back to Amazon tomorrow and I will stick with my iPad. It costs more but I know what I am getting without having to hunt for the fine print!
RYIDT9POUJR6K	4.0	Great for students, but a little slow	3	3	So I really love this tablet, and I play with lots of tech. It is amazon, so you have their limited app store, but with Underground it has gotten much better. I especially love it for studying because it's perfect for reading and note taking in my textbooks. The only problem I have is that the tablet seems a little slow. I'm not sure if it's because of the new OS, or if it's something else. Otherwise, love the tablet!
R1ESFQHZNO0LTL	1.0	too bad because that proved to me one cannot go a ...	3	3	I purchased the SD 128 to be able to download 25 movies. Since I own several movies and TV series I was able to go over 33 downloads. On a cruise recently after two days on board the kindle did not recognize the SD card anymore, so no more loaded watching until we got home. After connecting to WI-FI it recognized the SD card again, too bad because that proved to me one cannot go a week or more without connecting to Wi-fi.
R2S2MZMHLVEBYV	1.0	Not happy!!!	3	3	I own every Kindle you came out with but this one plain sucks. Downloads take forever if they finish at all, it keeps freezing up in the middle of a game and turning it off and back on does not unfreeze it. I bought it because we liked all the others I bought, but did not expect this. If you don't have a way to fix this I really think about returning it, thank you. Ursula Lundy
R3J7XY9GS16P5P	5.0	Fire is on fire!	3	3	It has been 6 years since I received my first kindle, and it was not a Fire, because Fire did not exist. But when Amazon started producing the Fire Kindles I was interested, but could not afford them. 2015, brought a change and a blessing. I'm still learning all that it does, but who doesn't enjoy learning new things? It has really helped me in school.
R1P5MFPB5NPTX1	4.0	First Tablet	3	3	This is my first tablet and is only days old so i can't offer too much comprehensive insight. I do wish I would have went with a smaller version as my hands are small and get tired after a bit of holding it. I am very impressed with the quality of the picture. Wish the Amazon app store had more choices. Overall, think it will be great first tablet.
R2P3BIUIDRGAR	3.0	It's getting better...after a shaky and rough start.	7	9	I have the 7"hdx. Download speed of offline movies weren't great but I could live with it. But the "new" Kindle? After 7 hours I managed to download 5 episodes. I have 300/300 Mbps service from FiOS so it's not an ISP issue. And why is the 5GHz signal strength so horrible? Finally, there is no auto bright setting for the display. The SD card support is the only thing they got right. So very disappointed. Update: After the lock up, Kindle rebooted and downloaded another image update (dated 9/27) which I think is the same update that was applied upon initial booting. Now, the download speed of movies are acceptable. However, my Kindle has crashed no less than 4 times in the last 12 hours. Each time, it just locks up and soft reset is required. Now, I'm trying to turn off the Kindle and it's locked again. Amazon's software is really sub par on this device. Either that, or I got a lemon. But based on some other reviews, I don't think its a HW issue. Let's hope Amazon releases an update quickly. Update as of 10/11/2015: I upgraded this to 3 stars. The Kindle is behaving itself. The problems I've experienced has gone away. For example, every time I turn on the kindle, it took 3-5 minutes to mount the SD card. Judging by the message (that it's checking for errors), I'm assuming the Kindle didn't dismount the SD card properly. That has not happened in the last five days or so. Some movie rentals (Fast and Furious 7) experienced skips (3 seconds or so worth) in 7-10 spots. It's always repeatable, in the same spot, so I'm thinking it's a problem with the source rather than a Kindle problem. I was watching it offline after downloading it. Overall, if you want to watch Prime movies/shows off line, this is the one to get if you need more than 64GB worth of storage. Update Oct 13, 2015. One more thing you need to be aware of. Many apps are listed as *NOT COMPATIBLE" in Amazon's own store. I'm not talking about side loaded Google Play store. For example, many of the apps in Amazon's "cloud" library that I purchased/used will not load on this device.
RLFF43GWHNAC7	5.0	I was very happy with my first Fire	3	3	I was very happy with my first Fire; I'm thrilled with my new Fire. The picture quality is terrific, the camera is amazing, and I love the upgraded interface. Having the option of a color other than black or white was an added plus. Thanks, Amazon, for your commitment to quality and providing excellent products and customer care.
RBDIS51OZGHVR	5.0	Excellent affordable tablet for entertainment.	2	2	I must say that it is a very good quality tablet for the price. It is very light and thin. This tablet is for media use such as watching movies, reading books and magazines, checking emails and social media. I don't play games so I can't critique that function. Some people complain that it is slow. I noticed that it is a bit slow when you try to load all your movies, music and apps, but any tablet would be slower except the most powerful ones. Once all your content is loaded it is quite fast and responsive. I notice that the movies load slower than on my top of the line LG phone, but for this price, it is fine. I load movies overnight while charging. It is not the fastest tablet, but fast enough. With regards to loading personal movies on the SD card, it is easily done through the data cable from the PC. I loaded all of my digital movies without trouble just like I did to other tablets. This tablet does an excellent job of streaming movies and music. The sound is surprisingly good, in fact, it is as good as my bluetooth speaker. The screen is excellent. Cameras on this tablet are all right, but usually nobody uses tablets to take photos, but if you do it would take decent photos at medium light. I added the photo of the clock taken with this tablet camera.To access your google acount you can go to the Silk browser to "google.com" and log in, and then from there open Google news, G+ , maps, google photos, and so on, not everything, but a lot. You can even use this tablet for some productivity: there are some office apps. I personally like the new OS it reminds me of a regular android. I organized all the apps on the home screen into folders and it became less cluttered (see a photo of the screen). In conclusion I would like to say that it is a very good affordable tablet for entertainment. Amazon did a good job! Updates: I found out that if one closes all of the open apps the tablet will become much faster and downloads will be faster. It would be really nice if Amazon would link ultraviolet account to the prime account. I do not find the way to watch my ultraviolet collection. Other than that I like the device very much.
R2MOIU9HP3D3LZ	1.0	Was very disappointed in my Fire HD 8 - so I returned it and purchased a Fire 7	2	2	Normally I do not write reviews, but I was so disappointed in the HD 8, that I felt compelled to write one. Like many people, I pre-ordered it with great excitement. And like many people, I owned a prior version, in my case the Kindle Fire 7 (3rd Gen). The main driving factor for me to upgrade was the capability to add memory capacity. Mainly to store all my photos. And like a number of people, I was disappointed in the new device. My main disappointment was in the battery life. It did not compare to my Kindle Fire. I would go long distances between recharges. The new Fire HD 8, I had to charge nightly. I conducted a test using Netflix. I let a TV program (42 min) run from beginning to end. This used up 15% of my battery life in the HD 8. I then conducted the same test on my 3rd Gen Kindle Fire. This used up only 7% of my battery. So twice as much. Then I started browsing various web pages, performing the same browsing on both my tablets. Again, battery usage was 2 to 1. I was also disappointed in performance, more than noticeable slower, than my Kindle Fire, as many people have commented on and also had issues with response when touching the screen to perform an action. Too many times I had to press the screen numerous times to get an action to perform. While $149 does not appear to be a lot of money, but by time you add in the ad removal, purchase a service plan, case, screen protector and memory card, it becomes a $300 purchase. Not so inexpensive anymore. As other as stated, if you already have a previous generation device, stick with it. To me, the HD 8 was a step back compared to my older one. Given all this, I returned my Fire HD 8, actually two of them. I called Amazon the next day after receiving my first one, thinking maybe there was a problem with the device. They sent me another one, same thing. So I sent everything back and ended up purchasing the Fire 7 - which for $50 was well worth it for what it is and what it does.
R198AWURMKGZX7	5.0	This is the perfect media player for the office	2	2	I spend most of my day listening to music at work. I'm always looking for the best MP3 player I can find for the job (pun intended). I used to use a Zune then I switched to a Surface Pro 3. Now I've replaced the Surface Pro 3 with the Kindle Fire 8. Let me say, I have absolutely no regrets. I love my Surface pro but I kid you not, this tablet has better audio. This little thing has outstanding crystal clear sound. Plus, the volume will blow your eardrums out. I'm pretty serious about my music. I use both Audio-Technica ATH-M50x headphones and Klipsch - Reference R6 earbuds, depending on my mood. While neither costs a fortune they are seriously good listening devices. I am amazed by the crystal clear separation of the channels and clarity of sound. I suspect this may be due to the use of the new Dolby standard Atmos. I don't know much about it but it rocks. Last but not least and what really sold me is the ability to use a 128GB micro SDXC card. Lots of room for plenty of music. For years I've been bemoaning the fact that tablet manufacturers don't allow SD cards or limit the size. They want you to pay ridiculously serious $$$ for more onboard hard drive space. I applaud Amazon for bucking the system! There's no really good default media player installed on the Kindle product line. After all it's primary focus is as a reader, not a MP3 player. I downloaded both EQ Media Player and Rocket player from the Amazon App Store for free. I've been very happy with both. EQ Media Player has a built in 10 band graphic equalizer. Rocket has a 5 band equalizer in the basic version. You have to pay a few extra $ to Rocket for a 10 band graphic equalizer. Be sure to go into settings and select which equalizer you want to use. They both default to 5 band. I hope this review help those of you looking at the Kindle Fire 8 a primarily a MP3 playback device. Give it a try. You won't regret it. Peace
R1ZA1IUZ7OQIVY	4.0	Great tablet for the money.	2	2	We are a family of tablet warriors with 2 iPads, a Dragontouch, a Samsung Galaxy Tab 4, and a Kid's Edition Fire 7 in the house already. the wife's iPad Air 2 64GB is awesome but I wasn't really wanting to drop another 600 bucks on one for me and I thought I'd give the Fire HD 8 a shot. I'm glad that I did. The 8" screen is bright with good contrast and rich colors and great viewing angles. The dual speakers are surprisingly loud, especially when laid down on a table. Videos play well with no dropped frames, and though I doubt it will do perfect with the latest demanding games, for me it does just fine. I should note that I only play word and puzzle games that aren't too demanding on any tablet. I like to read and text looks fine, though not great in direct sunlight. Truthfully though I haven't seen any tablet that handles that well either. The downside on this tablet for me is probably the build quality. I mean it is light and thin but the plastic housing gives it a cheap feel. Of course at this price point it isn't a huge deal. The placement of the power button is odd - right next to the charging port. This has caused me to accidentally turn off the device when I was connecting the cable, The cables they send with these things are too short as well. They are fine if you set your device down to charge but they don't work well if you want to use the device and charge at the same time. My only other complaint are the lack of choices in a case. I like a rugged case on my devices and as of now there aren't any available. Amazon offered a color coordinated case that looks like it offers minimal protection for 40 bucks. Hopefully more rugged choices will follow soon. All in all I'm really happy with this tablet. It's no iPad or Samsung Galaxy but at this price you shouldn't expect it to be. For $150 i don't think you can fine a nicer 8" tablet out there.
RBN3UWRXPES0R	3.0	Great deal for the Price, but...	2	2	I'm disappointed to have to only give this device 3 stars, and I'm hoping to change my review in the (hopefully) near future to give it more stars. I have the Kindle Fire HD 7" 2nd generation and I absolutely love it. When I saw that this new Kindle (the Fire HD 8" 16gb) has an SD card slot I was thrilled because that is the only thing I don't like about my HD 7. I got the HD 8 on a Saturday and I turned it on, let it update and then set it up, it did great. I started downloading my movies that I have in the Amazon cloud. About 20 minutes into the download my screen went black (battery was at 88%) and didn't come back up. I couldn't get it to come back up until Monday. By then, the battery was dead, go figure. After a full charge to 100%, I started downloading movies again. Every time I download movies, after about an hour or so, the device locks up or "freezes" and I have to hold the power button for 40 seconds until it restarts itself. Needless to say, this is very frustrating. I'm hoping this will be fixed soon in an update if possible. The screen is not as responsive as my 2nd generation HD 7, but that was a more expensive device than this one. All in all, I think if they can fix the "freezing" issue with this device it will be awesome (at least 4 stars). I love the new layout, and I don't miss the carousel at all. A lot of people have complained about the "recommendations" being so obvious and in the way, but I haven't found them to be obtrusive. I will definitely be keeping the HD 8 (if the freezing issue continues, I will order and exchange and give it another try and go from there). I will update my review if I have further issues, or when the "freezing" issue gets resolved.
R1INK2RG1QCON4	4.0	good but not great	2	2	I'm not new to the tablet market as I owned the first kindle and then the first gen iPad mini. I got rid of my iPad mini for this kindle fire HD 8. First and foremost I'm pretty happy with my purchase and find this to be an upgrade to my iPad mini previously mentioned. Read below for my full review. GOOD: my iPad was truly getting slow and this is a definite improvement in performance. The scan seems to be exactly the same in resolution as the specs indicate. Reading on the this device is fine and watching movies is a breeze. the app store now had 300k apps, with a great deal of them for free; a substantial improvement from 2 years ago. The operating system is pretty easy to use and had continued to improve as well, much better than what Samsung and LG do with their overlays of Android. I'm not a big gamer on tablets so I can't speak to that but for angry birds and those types of games they look better than on my previous iPad and work great. I haven't experienced the lag some others have spoken of. There isn't much in the area of directions, which is why I didn't know Swype was on the keyboard until I discovered it by accident....which I love. The keyboard is decent and responsive. The expandable memory with a micro SD was a breeze and a godsend! There is a almost non-existent bezel along the edge which is also welcome. Device speakers sound great for their size. Basically a lot to like. CONS: while Amazon likes to tout this device is 2xs stronger than the iPad I'm not so sure. First you MUST get a case because the passive back is very slippery, I almost dropped it twice in 2 days waiting for my case to arrive. Speaking of cases, as of right now there are only a few as of launch and the first one I bought was to be delayed 3 weeks so I switched to a cheaper one that got better reviews. The lack of third party cases, screen protectors, and no info on if any type 10 SD card is irritating and a bit suspicious and expensive...all together with the device, 2 yr warranty, case, SD card, and screen protector I spent $210 which was less than the iPad mini 2 I was considering. One thing that bothers me is no physical home button or instructions. I have found that the charging cable cab be a pain to get in the hole sometimes, much like my son's NABI. overall most of these complaints are minor and I plan on keeping the device and am satisfied, but culminated in my decision to drop this device to 4 stars. CONCLUSION: great by and excellent for the price, does have some draw backs but they are to be expected at this price. I recommend this product regardless.
RXJMR5HLFB4E9	5.0	Love the accessability features!	2	2	Loving my first fire! My dear sister gave me this as a gift. I previously had a Kindle DX which I got for my old 65+ eyes and the Text to Speech (TTS feature) plus the E-ink....... Things have certainly improved with this new Fire....I love the IVONA's (TTS) new voices especially, Brian and Amy (the British Ones), so much easier and enjoyable to listen to than the older version. I can make the fonts just as big as I could on the DX (and I need them large).....Okay, I had to give up the E-ink but I can read in bed without a light.....Also, I can increase the contrast and change the background to black and the print to white making it even easier on my eyes. There are other choices like a soft sepia for the background as well..... Oh, I should mention the sound, wonderful!....much better than my phone or tablet......no need for earphones.......Maybe a little lacking in the bass but no biggie..... It's much lighter than the DX as well making it much easier to hold and travel with. Because I heard that the cord was very short and I wanted to use it bedside I also ordered iXCC ® 2 pcs 10ft (TEN FEET !) EXTRA LONG Extended Length Black Micro USB SYNC and Fast Charging Cable Cord For Smartphones, tablets, MP3 players, cameras, hard drives, e-readers, external batteries, handheld game consoles . Also, as others have noted the back of the Fire is slippery and I am awaiting a Moko case Fire HD 8 2015 Case - MoKo Ultra Slim Lightweight Smart-shell Stand Cover with Auto Wake / Sleep for Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 Inch Display Tablet (2015 Release Only), MAGENTA. I have had other cases by this company and found them reasonable and reliable. I really bought this for the word runner feature. I have some eyesight and focusing problems and I am hoping this feature will help with my concentration. I find getting used to viewing sentences this way is taking a little practice but, I think it will be very helpful for me and others with similar issues. One ding for Amazon for not even including the most rudimentary instruction sheet with the product....Basic Instructions getting to the help tutorial would have been a big plus...... Not everyone this caters to is familiar with how to operate an iPad, tablet or smartphone, so this technology is still very new to some of us....
RV1LRS0N6TZJ2	4.0	Overall, Amazon did an amazing job creating an entry-level product for quick consumption	2	2	Fire HD 8, 8" HD Display The Fire HD 8 from Amazon has been in my hands for a few weeks now and I've used many of the features. Overall, Amazon did a great job providing a basic, entry-level ereader+ for $149 ($165 + tax). If you're expecting the performance of a Pro Plus Tablet with all sorts of whistles and bells, you'll be sadly disappointed. This is an Amazon device designed to utilize the Amazon ecosystem-from books to shopping to video. In that regard, this is a well-designed tablet to throw in your briefcase or backpack while on the go, or while relaxing around somewhere. This is not a work horse for business, writing or spreadsheets, rather, a device to consume entertainment in all their forms. WHAT I LIKED The Kindle Fire HD 8 is an amazing ereader, though I didn't notice any difference whatsoever from the older Kindle Fire 2 I have (which, according to Amazon, will update to the Fire OS 5 Bellini 'soon'). The Kindle ebook store is available and I have continued downloading and reading my favorite genres, just like the Fire 2. I haven't noticed the much touted "Word Runner" affecting my reading ability, one way or the other. The device is thin and lightweight, just as advertised. There's no hand cramps, no arm weighted down, so at just 11 ounces, you won't notice the weight after a time like in a larger tablet or heavier ereader. The screen is amazing, I must say! Bright, crisp colors and ability to tint the ereader helps eye fatigue. The cameras are decent enough to capture the moment in your surroundings. But I'm certain most of us have a better camera on our smartphones and software to aid in photographs. Since I'm nearly deaf, I have no real opinion on sound but what I can hear is a bit better than the Kindle Fire 2. Like the screen, this sound is bright and crisp. You can add more memory with the built-in card reader but it only accepts current mini SD cards. I tried recycling an old one in my Asus TF101 but the HD 8 rejected it outright. WHAT I DIDNT LIKE The Kindle Fire HD 8 is amazingly slow. Silk is so slow as to be unusable and no way to sync bookmarks from other devices easily. There's no way to use chrome's bookmarks from the chrome app either, due to Amazon blocking google's ecosystem. If I could give a report card, I'd write "Does Not Play Well With Others". Another mark against this device is it locks up after about 20 minutes, making you reboot the device with no way to clear the cache or memory. My favorite cache cleaner, All-In-One isn't available in my list of apps, nor can I download from Google's Play. As a Book Reviewer, I read anywhere from 1 to 5 books a day, so having to consistently reboot every twenty minutes is annoying. Since the device is so slow, there's no way to use RAM and Memory-heavy apps like Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and so forth. Nothing loads, and the time it does take is too long to be enjoyable. I have watched snippets of movies and they do play but cannot comment on a movie marathon and device speed and reliability. If anyone has, please comment. I have played some memory-heavy games, I prefer Hidden Object Games or HOGs, and they did alright but over time you must reboot, as stated earlier. Also, there's no quick way to switch between apps, having to swipe repeatedly between screens or shut down one app to get to another. There is the app notification popup under settings, but that is only for current notifications, not what you want to get at. Overall, Amazon did an amazing job creating an entry-level product for quick consumption
R77NGI5ONSRPF	3.0	SHOULDN'T BE CALLED A KINDLE OR HAVE THE AMAZON NAME ASSOICATED WITH THIS TABLET	2	2	I was so excited when I read the description of the New-Improved Kindle Fire HD 8, I had purchased the Fire HDX for my husband and it was so much better than my original Fire. I was looking forward to better speed, better surfing, a May Day box, better organization, and a new Kindle full of surprises. There were surprised ok....no May Day Box; technicians who sound very stressed out because they have been handling too many complaining phone calls, a Kindle that shuts itself off when it wants to; a home screen that won't stop when my finger stops; a touch screen that doesn't respond to the touch (I can't tell you how many bingo games I have lost because the numbers don't feel me touching them); games that were suppose to have free in-apps but which only offer chips, tickets and power-ups if YOU PAY CASH (credit card or Amazono Coins; and the list goes on. I love the fact that it is lighter to hold...my arm used to get tired holding my first generation Kindle Fire. I love that there is a rear facing camera (although I haven't figured out how to organize my pictures or even when to find them); the battery life is the worst; and, you have to reboot it (hold the power button down for 40 seconds) once a day to get rid of the windows you have opened because Kindle doesn't do that when it is turned off. Since this Kindle cost 1/2 what my original Kindle cost (although I went the extra money to NOT HAVE ADVERTISING ALONG THE BOTTOM, TOP OR SIDES OF THE SCREEN, ADS STILL APPEAR AND DARE YOU TO FIND THE "X" CLOSE BUTTON) I probably got what I paid for. But, I expected more from Amazon.,,not less. Don't put out another NEW and IMPROVED Fire Tablet unless it is better than the Fire HDX!
R25SOLDBOJJD73	4.0	Very nice indeed.	3	3	Very nice indeed. Still learning. I was disappointed with two things, the battery goes down quite fast. I got the 16 GB and a 64 GB SD card to be able to store my many books, but books are not accepted on the SD card.. Other than that, viewing videos are a pleasure, the picture is very clear. Nice to read on. I also have a kindle fire HD 7, the new fire 8 has a much better resolution, love that. Do have a burning question, I was told that one should not use the kindle while charging it. If that is the case and I wish to see a show when the device is on 40 percent, I would normally plug it in to charge while viewing. I was also advised to take off wifi while charging , these two things may improve battery life, but what a hassle. Can anyone say more about this.
R38CCJ47KJGQP4	5.0	Great tablet for your money!	2	2	So, after the 'hand me down' original Fire tablet I had finally tanked after about a year of use, I decided it was time to replace it. Apple and Google make decent tablets if you're into that sort of thing but not me. Sure, my smartphone is an iPhone 6 but that doesn't mean I want a 'giant' version of it. What I want is an easy to use, durable and inexpensive tablet. I certainly don't want to take out a second mortgage to pay for it either. Enter the fire HD 8. This bad boy has all the same features as those more expensive tablets for half the price. The new Silk OS is fast, the memory is expandable and it has plenty of apps (if you're interested in that sort of thing). I use this primarily for browsing Facebook, reading books, and comics. I don't play games but I understand it's no slouch in that regard. The HD 8 has great battery life and screen resolution. I purchased it before it was released only having read one professional review about it. I've been pleasantly surprised with it. I find new features all the time. For instance, I recently found that the keyboard supports a "swipe-style" interface stock. No need to download one. It also supports screen rotation regardless of how I hold it. Which is a plus for me since I never pick it up the same way twice. Even the lock screen before it's woken up will open to face you, instead of having to rotate it to a default position once it's on. I really like that. There is an option to lock the screen in place if that kind of thing isn't for you. Having owned it for two months, I highly recommend the HD 8. If you want a sensible alternative to the tablets out there, pick one up today. I don't think you'll be disappointed!
R2QR4G22QNOT5H	5.0	My first tablet & I love it!	2	2	Between my phone and laptop, I thought I had everything I needed for my mobile devices. I find tablets too expensive for what I wanted. The prices often compared to phones and laptops that simply offered more than the tablet for me. This tablet is just right. The right size and most importantly, the right price for me. I bought the 16Gb, no ads version, 3 year warranty, an amazon case + a 18k mAh charger to go with it. I wanted a tangerine one but I guess certain features are available in certain colors at the time I made the purchase. The AC Wi-Fi standard is terrific. I try to get devices that uses it whenever I can. I will be using it a lot for my textbooks, kindle books, and comics from my comixology collection (about 800 comics) and my dark horse collection (576 comics). The battery seems to be fine for just reading books or browsing amazon deals. I keep my screen brightness at half. If I multitask other things like kindle books, play games, open various other apps, settings, and web browse for awhile, I do notice the battery draining a bit more when they all run in the background. It's not surprising to me this happens because you can see the same thing happen when you do it on a laptop on battery power. The tasks stay running so I always check the tasks that are opened. So, I have been using the task manager to keep programs I want opened. About 8 hours of battery time without a tablet charge seems to be accurate for me. Overall, I love this purchase. Easy to use, a lot more mobile than my laptop, very valuable for my reading collection, and a one stop shop. I finally have a tablet!
R4VQMEAX8IORP	4.0	and even the speakers are nice and loud	2	2	The Pros: This tablet has been a pleasant surprise. The screen has a smooth, quick touch response, it charges quicker than my old Nexus 7, and even the speakers are nice and loud. Not a lot of bass, but the speakers aren't 'tinny' either. I'm glad I spent the extra $100 to get the HD 8 instead of the cheaper Fire 7. My HD 8 has good WiFi operation, a nice, bright, crisp display, and the body of the tablet has a solid feel, despite being plastic. You can feel a nice response from the speakers with no buzz or odd vibration... Something I really liked about the iPad speakers also. The Cons: Well, Amazon. This tablet was advertised with a vague "Special Offers" description. There's a "Offers" app included, but it turned out to be a bunch of stuff I wasn't very interested in, and for a price that's no different than what the HD 8 is already going for. There's no Google Play store available, and the Google functionality that is present (gmail, YouTube... ) is in the form of web links, not dedicated apps. Having heard about Amazon's original FireOS though, I have to give them credit for the latest version, which is closer to a pure Android OS experience. Bottom line: I'm closer to the 'gadget snob' end of the user spectrum, so when Amazon came out with these Fire tablets, I'll admit, I scoffed at them. I still have reservations about Amazon's marketing schemes, but I have to say, there simply aren't any other tablets on the market right now with this level of quality, at this price point. The Fire tablets (the ones above the Fire 7 anyway) are solid performers for the price.
RQF8K4LHIIOU	2.0	Eh.	2	2	At first I was all aboard the kindle train. It's inexpensive as far as tablets go and I don't need it for much. Mainly books and Netflix. I turned it on and got to exploring. The display was fantastic and it seemed to be working great. I downloaded a bunch of apps and even bought some in-app purchases. But then the kindle decided it didn't need to have a home page. Or even the other sections like apps, books, or music. Whenever you would tap the button for home, it would take you to a blank screen. Just black. You could still pull up all your past apps so it was fine as long as you didn't want to open anything new. I tried restarting it countless times and even turned it off for a couple hours before turning it back on. I had to restore my kindle to factory settings. It deleted all my apps. And that's when I found out that certain apps don't carry your in-app purchase if the app gets deleted off the tablet. So you have to RE-purchase the in-app items. So very frustrating. There should be a carry over policy so you don't have to buy the same thing for your tablet if it's behavior is faulty or if you need to temporarily delete the app. Because of this I give this kindle two stars. I guess not this kindle, but kindles in general because you can only have Amazon apps and that shady business practice. Other than that it is quite a nice tablet for the cost and performs just a little slower than competitors. It lags quite a bit when opening and switching certain apps, but once they're open it does very well.
RCPOPFJH063Y8	3.0	Good in many ways but with a caveat	2	2	Let me start by saying I'm a big Amazon fan but I gotta say I don't fill great about buying this. When you start off with the $149.00 price tag that seems like a pretty good deal but thats where Amazons marketing begins. When I went to check out they said for only 20.00 more I can get a 16G instead of a 8G. That seems to be a fair deal let me add that, next for only $30.00 more I can get the two year warrenty which covers drops and replacement,of course I need that. The next day comes and I think... I need a case for this thing and it's only $40.00 and now I am over $250.00. I know Amazon did not force me to buy all the extra goodies....or did they :) Ok so I am still under the price of a iPad mini but many of my favorite apps are not available for the Fire 8. Will I keep this 2015 Fire HD 8? I think I will because it does a good job keeping all my Amazon music, movies and more in place and does I pretty good job of letting me surf the web. If this was my only device I would send it back but since my wife is always using the iPad and my iMac is not always the best resource this will do the job. Note - If you have a icloud account that you use for your iphone or anything IOS you really should get the CalDAV-Sync and CardDAV-Sync apps. They work great on the 2015 Fire HD 8 and I believe I paid .99 each for them. No apps are needed for mail what these apps do is let you use your icloud contacts and calendar on your fire and it does a damn good job of it.
R5CIWCDXXUUUG	4.0	Thinner, Sleeker and of course lighter!!	3	3	I like the thinner, sleeker look and the updated features. However, I cannot understand why apps that I was able to use before (e.g., BBC, WhatsAPP) are now incompatible with this new Fire tablet. Moreover, if there is a Mayday button, I cannot find it.
R9JHTM5RJJ7DS	2.0	Unusually negative experience	2	2	I'm a long-time, loyal Kindle customer. When the Fire HD 8 recently came to the market, I was -- unfortunately -- tempted to update and did. I ended up going through two attempts to get my new Fire 8 beyond the initial stages of registration and consistent function. The initial one worked quite well for about a week and then "froze." I called customer service and was taken through an unsuccessful 45 minute process as we attempted to get the device up and running. (As always, Amazon's customer service was A+.) In the end, I decided to replace the Kindle with an identical one. A few days later my second Fire HD 8 arrived. To my surprise, this one didn't even last a week and I ended up going through much the same process as I had gone through about a week before with the first one. This time however, Amazon hooked me up with a technician who took over the device remotely but could not get things going after an hour or more of trying. I ended up returning the device for a full refund, which Kindle was glad to accommodate (with a little difficulty, given the complications). I am now doing well with my "old" unit. I don't know how other HD 8s are doing, but I've nevertheless filled in a two star rating above. However, I have to say that both stars reflect the overall positive experience I've had with previous Kindles and with Amazon's fine customer service; while neither star reflects the amazing malfunction of my two HD 8s. .
R6Q91RLDWL94H	3.0	It's on probation now - about to get returned...	2	2	I got the HD 8 as a replacement to my old Kindle keyboard that died on a camp trip. I had such high hopes this device would fit the bill. I am not going to go into the nitty gritty of pros and cons but will sum up my experience highlights. - the Audio performance is amazing. It is a quantum improvement from the audio I get on my iPad Mini. The sound experience is really something Apple should strive for. It did knock my socks off. - setup was easy and efficient, but I think the OS and maybe even the device has problems. I have had to call tech support about twice a day on days I use the device. It is usually a lockup or hang or feature that does not work. I think I have isolated the problem to the fact the device can't keep the OS stable on battery. They always have me plug the device into the adapter for any support call (regardless of its charge level) and it always starts behaving itself once it is on DC power vs battery. I have also seen it burn through battery pretty fast at times. Not sure what it is doing but it ate 10% sitting on standby in my pack on the commute to work this morning! - I do think the read aloud smarts have been improved since the older model (kbd) as it reads much cleaner now for me. (Less stops, more in the right locations, etc). My end-game is that I will probably return it. If it does not work reliably on battery then it is not a mobile device. Period.
R39FWAHE5L4VYO	4.0	AWESOME	3	3	I had a Fire HDX 7 that stopped working after 2 years. Bought this and so far it is great: bigger screen, easy to use and clear pictures. It also fits nicely into my small handbag I use for flying. I would recommend this to anyone.
R2VC5WTF3C6VR5	5.0	Wonderful	2	2	I needed a smaller size tablet to fit into most of my purses. I tried the Fire HD 7, loved it, but I needed a larger screen. Amazon accepted the return of the Fire HD 7 and all its accessories and paid the return too (which pleased me very much). I have a 2015 128G iPad Air 2 that cost me about $1000 and I have a 2015 Kindle Voyager so I know of what I speak when I say that this Fire HD 8 is a fantastic value. In addition, if there are problems, Amazon's outstanding customer service is right there to fix the issue. The size and weight are perfect for my needs. It is easy to hold. It is a great reader. When I teach crochet I can show YouTube. I can load apps like The Great Courses, movies, etc. because I was able to add a 128 G micro card. I don't play games so I do not know how the speed for that is, but movies, YouTube, lectures, and the Washington Post play without any buffering problems. Kindles have many more features and apps than when I bought my first one in 2007. This latest does exactly what it is advertised to do, and more. Plus, it has accessibility features. I keep hoping that someday my hearing aids and a future Kindle will link just like my hearing aids now link with my iPad Air 2 (which is too big for most of my purses).. Then all I will need is my Kindle, a downloaded Kindle book and I am ready for the rest of my life.. .
R168CT57H8D6TW	4.0	Loving the SD card slot.	2	2	Other than the method of shipping - a whole story by itself, I think I am very happy with my new Fire. When I showed my boyfriend he was very impressed with the display on the movie and the sound in comparison to original Fire he is using. The feature I am happiest with is the addition of the SD card slot. One of the things on my old Fire that was a constant plague was running out of storage space. My Fire tablets get a lot of heavy use and have been pretty durable. The attached picture is my new Fire with added screen protector in one of the few cases available when the device was first released. In his orientation it will spend a lot of time on the bed next to the pillow helping to put me to sleep as a view videos. I will be adding a more protective case later as a wider range of cases become available. The one adjustment I am having to make as compared to the older model Fires is the home screen having all the tiles with a scroll down instead of a horizontal swipe to the next page. I realize this may be more of the industry standard but it does make it harder to organize tiles with only space for 3 rows of tiles on the home screen before having to swipe down. Balancing that out is the ability to put apps in folders and that really helps get to apps that are used on a regular basis.
R245A7HA7IDTFC	5.0	A good buy	3	3	Been waiting a while to get. A tablet. Glad, I did. Good screen size,similar to the size of a paperback. Was extremely easy to get functional and to start using. Great for watching Netflix on. Glad I bought it.
R11C2WLAXWG7FJ	2.0	It had a better processor, better os	2	2	I bought the fire hd 8 with very high hopes coming from the original fire tablet. It had a better processor, better os, and was capable of 10 or more things my old tablet could have only hoped to do. That being said this tablet is nothing more than a sad reminder of what a tablet could be. The processor is so terrible that apps and webpages freeze on a regular basis. I figured this would happen if multiple apps were running while I tried to stream or download simultaneously, but unfortunately I've had it freeze just trying to load its home screen with no apps open at all. Even as I type this review on said tablet, I've had to turn it off and back on again as the touch screen became unresponsive. The ability to add 128 gigs of external storage was a great addition but all of this tablets pros don't make up for its cons. If you need a cheap tablet then I would still recommend the fire 6 for $50. Any other model from this new line would be a waste as you would still have a poorly functioning device just with a larger screen. Save your money for the hdx or another brand all together. The extra money you may spend is well worth not being frustrated at your devices inability to load anything, including its own home screen.
RTF1G6J7MI44M	3.0	Could be a lot better	2	2	I'm not as thrilled with it as I thought I would be. I rushed out and bought a full size SanDisk to add memory for it only to find out that it doesn't allow books or audible files to be stored on the extra memory. It requires those files to be stored on the inside memory. I thought at least I would have 4 gigabytes left to store things on, but after a month there was less than half a gig left. I erased all of my files and there was still no room. It said that all of the memory was being used for system files which I was not allowed to touch. I had to have the whole thing set back to factory specs in order to regain my memory. That combined with a fact that, although it is an Android operating system, Kindle will not allow you to load most Android programs and I have yet to find a way for it to print, has left me very disappointed. I loaded four different print programs, but none of them work. Heck, even my telephone prints! I was so happy to get this as a gift. I bought the old original Kindle the minute it came out and use Kindle apps on everything else. I thought this was really going to be something special, but in fact, either of my two tablets or my Nexus 6 phone beats it. Disappointing...
RVKP412GGYLUP	3.0	Excellent Ereader (But Not Much Else)	2	2	Update: I'm on the second book that this Kindle refuses to open. Both books work fine on my other devices. Plus wifi really is annoyingly slow and it's the Kindle, not my wifi. Am downgrading my rating one star for the annoyance factor. I still think it's a fine ereader, but not much else. First of all, I'm not a huge Kindle fan. I've tried various models but until this one preferred to read via the Kindle app on my other devices, most recently a Samsung Note 10.1. Because the Note is so large, I wanted something smaller for reading so have been looking at other devices. Tried the 7" Fire; it was too small. Tried the Paperwhite, hated it, sent it back. I've had previous Fire models but found them less than satisfactory, particularly the internet functions, so was a little hesitant about ordering this. Overall, I'm pleased with the FIre HD 8. In my opinion, it's much better than its precedessors for internet function, not that it can compare to my Note, nor would I expect it to. The Fire HD 8 beats the Note for ereader functions; it actually loads all the recommendations, where the Note hangs up. I use the Fire primarily for ereading and the battery life is decent; I leave it set on Airplane Mode when not actively online. The display is nice and crisp, the speakers are fine. For internet purposes,it's slow but not as slow as previous Fires. Bottom line: if you want a tablet, buy a tablet. But as far as ereaders go, this is the best one I've tried yet.
R15HUEGX4O9S4L	1.0	Very Disappointed!	9	12	I cannot believe I'm writing this poor a review for my new Kindle Fire. I have been a loyal and happy Amazon and Kindle customer for a several years, but that seems to be changing. I am NOT happy with the new Fire - there have been numerous glitches already, and it's suddenly IMPOSSIBLE to get customer help via phone. You have to send an email, and their response takes up to 24 hours!!! I bought the Kindle for MY convenience and to be able to take it with me and read/listen to books, and listen to music when I'm away from home. It is NOT convenient when it doesn't work (I've had it for less than 2 weeks!), it's NOT convenient when I have to waste time calling and emailing about problems, and it's especially NOT convenient when the company is NOT supporting it. At this time, I cannot recommend the Fire HD* OR Amazon's Customer Service.
RKW9LAR3XTO51	5.0	Amazing tablet don't listen to the bad reviews	2	2	I've had many tablets I currently have a dragon touch m8 and a kindle fire hdx however the new fire HD 8 is a big upgrade from the HDX although the HDX is more powerful the fire HD 8 is just as fast as the HDX and the screen resolution looks amazing and is equal to the HDX in my opinion you can also put up to 128 GB micro sd card this is a big plus because I download many movies and tv shows for offline playback and now I can store all my movies and shows on the sd card movies and tv shows are great on this tablet the display is really good equal to the HDX the camera is good as well and can take good pictures also the new OS is a huge improvement one of my biggest problems with the old fires was not being able to put wallpaper on the home screen however the new OS allows pictures to be displayed on the home screen this is the biggest upgrade for the new OS in my opinion playing games is great can play all the games on the app store and plays them well Don't listen to the bad reviews this is an amazing and powerful tablet and is fast has a great screen and is perfect for movies and games Highly recommended
R3VDYGJQAYBUGJ	4.0	Like it better.	3	3	I like the slimmer version and the larger screen. It is nice and bright in HD. Still has the glare when outdoors but seems a little better than my last one. Overall happy with my purchase.
R1IUWNDSKIWI63	4.0	A few complaints, but really, it's pretty darned good for the price	4	5	I received the Kindle Fire HD 8 as a gift to replace both my ancient dinosaur of an iPad, and my Kindle Paperwhite. I was tempted to get the 10" HD because I was used to a larger tablet, but the fact that the 8 inch would fit inside my purse, along with the lower price, won me over. I am more than pleased with the screen size. It is perfectly fine for videos and other visual media. I also love being able to have my Kindle books in color. The Kindle Fire was easy to set up. The sound quality is excellent. The Underground division of the App store has a lot of free apps and it's nice to have them in one section because I always look for free apps first! I think the 8" size is the most flexible size for combined home and mobile use. I WAS disappointed by a few things. First, although Kindle uses the Android OS, the Google app is not available for the Kindle Fire, which means I can't get any apps from Google Play. This is a big adjustment for a former-iPad user who is used to having every conceivable app available from iTunes. Switching to Android was going to be a big adjustment in itself, so being further limited to only those apps offered by Amazon was something of a blow. I also found that I can't get a mobile app for any of my banks on this device. That is really inconvenient. My primary bank just developed a great app for depositing checks remotely by simply photographing the check, it's available for Android, but I can't get it! It's frustrating to have a mobile device that can't give me access to some of the most basic mobile apps. My husband has a Prime account, and I share the free two-day shipping with him. When we went to open a Prime "Household" account, we discovered that to share free Prime video streaming, we have to share all our payment information on both our Amazon accounts, and we have to choose ONE payment for all digital content. We also learned that all HIS Kindle books would be added to MY Kindle library, and vice versa. This seems a completely unnecessary violation of our privacy, and so we canceled the household account. If I want the Prime video and music streaming mentioned in the promotion for this Kindle Fire, I'll have to shell out for a whole separate Prime account, just to avoid the intrusiveness of having to share all our digital content and payment methods. So no Google or Google apps, no mobile banking, and no streaming of Prime videos and music for me. That's disappointing. Some minor issues are: 1. the charging cord is pretty short. I like to listen to or watch live streaming from EWTN, Ancient Faith Radio, and other stations on the Kindle Fire, while I'm doing other work on my laptop. I prefer to keep the tablet plugged in so that I don't drain the battery, and the battery life on this tablet is not the greatest. But with the short cord, I can't have it as close to my workstation as I would like. Will need an extension. 2. Sometimes the touch screen is not very responsive. Again, I'm used to an iPad and probably should not have the same expectations of a $150 tablet. But it's frustrating to touch the screen and wonder if it's not responding because I didn't touch it firmly enough, or because it's just slower to respond than what I'm used to. Usually, turns out it's slower to respond. 3. I have not found a way to add any picture to the home screen other than to choose one from a small selection of pre-loaded graphics. Does not appear I can add my own picture. That said, I think perhaps when I have adjusted to the fact that this is NOT an iPad and I cannot expect it to be, I will like this Kindle Fire just fine. I'm glad to have it and frankly, could not have afforded a new iPad. My daughter has fun playing games and watching videos on this device. I'm glad to combine two devices-- tablet and Kindle-- into one. So overall, for the price, I really can't ask for more-- though I'd like to!
R3MAFHZ81DS4UP	5.0	Five Stars	4	4	Very easy to set up and use.
R18VGD8GR5ZFPA	3.0	It freezes and locks up. Atleast 3 times a week.	2	2	When I first got this, I was so excited. It's a lot faster than my previous kindle 2012 2nd gen edition. It types better and fast like a real tablet instead of a clunky tablet. Only problem I've had thus far is that sometimes it freezes or locks up and needs to be restarted. I contacted customer service and we tried just restarting it. But it makes no sense that I now have to restart it atleast 3 times a week because it won't turn on. So the customer service rep said that the next would be factory resetting it. I'm very upset that I would have to lose all my data that's not backed up and start over trying to remember my apps, books, and settings. And I'm very upset at the fact that I just may be starting over for no reason because of the fact that I was sent a device that gets stuck. I don't know if I just got a dud or if all Kindle 2015 devices are doing this. My second option, the service rep said, would be to return it and get a new one, once again losing everything.
RN6383W32U96R	4.0	I like old movies and westerns that I watch using the ...	4	5	I've had this tablet for a little over 3 days and have been pleasantly surprised. I already own a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 I bought after I gave my Fire HDX 8.9 to my daughter. I've been caught between two worlds, Amazon and Goggle. I like old movies and westerns that I watch using the TCM App, Watch TCM, and I like to download Amazon digital content I own and watch when I'm on a trip with no wireless connections available. Amazon at the time did not have the TCM app so I bought the Samsung only to find out I couldn't download the digital movies I owned with Amazon. So here I was stuck with Google apps on the Samsung and Amazon apps on the HDX 8.9 I couldn't access because I gave my 8.9 to my daughter. When this new line of Fire tablets came out I bought the HD 8 to get my Amazon access back. Everything about it is as advertised. However the 'Mayday' button is not available on the new line of tablets. I had a minor problem and had to call via the phone to get the problem resolved. I spoke to someone who obviously was overseas and could not understand my NE accent. I ended up figuring out the problem on my own. If it wasn't for the lack of the Mayday button I would rate this tablet as a 5. Its a convenient size to carry around, it's light wieght, has a crisp screen, and now has the convenience of an expandable memory with the addition of a microSD card. I wish Amazon would accept Samsung Goggle android apps and visa versa. Its a pain having two tablets to access all the content I like.
R1M5V9MPNRYHXE	3.0	It's okay but I expected more from the upgrade	2	2	I have owned the original Kindle Fire, I have the two Fire HDX7 (Wi-Fi only and the one that allowed connections using AT&T) and the Fire HDX8.9 Wi-Fi only. My primary use for the Kindle Fires is reading. I do not consider the Fire HD 8 inch with 16 GB to be superior to any of them. I even added the 128 GB microSD card. I incorrectly assumed that I could store e-books on the microSD card. I know the Amazon cloud stores the ebooks I buy; but I still want to have access to a large number of e-books on the Fire HD. Another issue that I have is that the Fire system uses almost 7 GB of the 16 GB. I would recommend that if the buyer has a serviceable Fire HDX, the buyer should wait for the next upgrade. I brought a Kids Fire tablet at the same time. I will not buy another Kindle Fire until there is an option to increase the internal storage to at least 64 GB with the ability to add a microSD card.
R201OJ3N603VJW	4.0	So far so good, Much better than my old Lenovo	2	2	So far so good, Much better than my old Lenovo... Starts up fast, The touch screen is crisp and responsive. Well worth the $20 to upgrade from 8 to 16 gig WiFi was easy to set up and connect It is very easy to add a Mini sd card via the slot on the side Seems to do the basics that I need on the go for a good price that, great for the casual user or in my case mainly for Fantasy football The available apps are easy to find and install Apps are limited to what's in the Amazon catalog Things such as Bing Rewards and Bejeweled Blitz on the Google store are listed as incompatible, would be nice if an Android app was an Android app as the Google store has many more widely used apps The shipping on this is another matter altogether... all they did was the thing into a manila semi padded envelop, I am surprised that it wasn't smashed on arrival
RNH3QN0NRFJJ	2.0	Could Definitely Be Better	2	2	I have one of the original kindle fires that worked like a champ for years. It was limited on the game downloads so I purchased this kindle fire. There are some definite kinks. Within 3 days, I had to do a hard reset- I followed all instructions found online and it would NOT restart. Once I contacted customer service, I basically had to keep the button pushed down for 2 minutes and replug it in for a while to get it to work. I was not offered a replacement but was sent a new charging cord. I have had to do this process 3 times now and I have only had it one month. The battery life is HORRID on this. It doesn't get anywhere near what is stated in the description. I'm talking 3 hours on a full charge and it's drained if playing on it. I do like playing games on this- it's easy to use and the graphics are great. Definitely needs some work though to be better!
R32IRSSHU42B0K	4.0	Excellent Kindle Fire	3	3	Excellent Kindle Fire. Probably my favorite kindle. Works great. Slim line and easy to hold. I like where the lock and volume buttons was placed.
R355HA2Q4FAAPP	5.0	I purchased this at Best Buy on Thursday	4	5	I purchased this at Best Buy on Thursday, October 22, 2015. It's become my go-to device of choice. The quality of the product is excellent so far. Amazon has been terrific as far as responding to technical questions on operation. I've rated it a three only because it comes with one major drawback -- you are limited to what apps you can install. You can't install Google Play and therefore, you can't install the Chrome browser. It's not a big deal but what is a big deal is that Amazon is controlling my device that I own. If they gave it to me free of charge that is another story, but they didn't. It is no different than buying a car and having the manufacturer tell me that I can only use one brand of gas, have to have all my service done at their facility and if I didn't i would violate my warranty. I would give it a ratting of one, but I think the product is very good for the price. What is wrong with Amazon? Are they afraid their app store can not stand up to the competition? Just as this device is my go-to device, Amazon is my go-to store. Come on Amazon, you can compete against against anyone; what are you afraid of? UPDATE I found a way to install Google Play. With that App installed on the device it is better than an IPad. I give 5 stars!!
RHO3ATN2B99S2	5.0	The bigger screen is nice to read with	3	3	I had a HD7 and the HD8 is very easier to use. The bigger screen is nice to read with. I will highly recommend it to everyone I know
R2HU5GUTLI2ZB8	2.0	I do not like this kindle	3	3	I do not like this kindle! The picture is blurry. I find it more difficult to navigate. The 8.9 was far superior to this mess!
R17H0T8QV9XM9J	5.0	Amazing Product	2	2	I have had a Kindle for a couple of years now, but it was not the Kindle Fire. When I got my Kindle Fire delivered to me it was then I realized that I should have bought this product earlier. My first Kindle was just an e-reader, but I got a full tablet with my new Kindle Fire. One of my favorite features of the Kindle Fire is the Music App, and I like this because I travel all the time, and I can sync my Kindle Fire with my radio playing albums and songs that I know and enjoy. I also like the games sometimes when I am sitting around and have nothing to do, but knowing that I can look something up online without having to go grab my laptop makes it even better. I highly recommend this product to anyone who is considering in buying a Kindle Fire
R2OJYU9TJMFYOA	5.0	Crystal clear HD display and great functionality in a small package	3	3	Exceeded my expectations. Crystal clear HD display and great functionality in a small package. Best Kindle product yet.
R1Q84AINBO30P9	3.0	device is fine but cases are VERY limited	2	2	I recently went on a vacation and brought my kindle fire hdx 7 with me and unfortunately lost it while I was there. When I came home I saw the Kindle fire hd 8 was selling for the same price so I figured I'd get it. My main concern is that there aren't a lot of options when it comes to cases for this tablet. For my old kindle I had a shock proof case that worked wonders. My son is 2 and he loves watching his shows on it, but is still rather clumsy and manages to drop it on occasion. For the fire 8 there are only leather cases....not exactly toddler friendly! I'm hoping that they will come out with some shock proof cases soon or else I may return mine and find something else
R2EHFGG28YLDO9	2.0	8 GB is more like 2 GB	4	5	I needed a replacement for my, unfortunately dropped Kindle Fire HDX 7. The HDX was almost everything I wanted in a tablet and I was looking forward to another kindle. I was extremely disappointed with the new Fire HD 8". The processor is nowhere near as fast for starters. Two days into use, it was glitching each time I'd try to open the music app. My other chief complaint is the 8 GB hard drive is eaten up almost entirely by the system. It said something like 5.64 GB available but out of that the system used an additional 3.5 GB, leaving about 2 GB left for myself. I understand all devices use up some of the data but 6 GB?! It renders the device very limited without any additional storage. The reason I give this two stars is because I am giving it a second chance. I returned it for the 16 GB, which also uses up about 6 GB for the system, but that leaves a lot more usable space. I also Ordered a 64 gig mini sd card. I am an Amazon user and fan but I was sadly let down with this device and would gladly purchase a quality tablet like my old HDX.
RIOCYPJAKSU2W	5.0	Great rethink and redirection from ongoing device spec wars	2	2	Hits all the right notes as a media consumption device with zippy processor and new for Amazon, expandable storage via SD cards or drives. Screen is bright and clear and all you need as opposed to unnecessary excesses of ppi just for the sake of spec bragging rights at the obvious expense of battery life and graphics processing speed. I predict this new direction by Amazon for this segment -- value and function over the hyper concentrated device specifications combat with other brands, will be again a home run that will hallmark a recapture of large market share in the tablet segments, the same way the OG first generation Kindle Fire had done in 2011/12.
R3JP6T3V74T364	4.0	I think the technology works wonderfully, I had been using a Nexus 7 which ...	2	2	I think the technology works wonderfully, I had been using a Nexus 7 which I enjoyed until the latest upgrade that brought it to its knees. Since this is on Lollypop am hoping that it will continue to perform for several years. My only gripe is related to the app store and the search engine. There are some very common game apps that are not available and I have yet to find a way to make Google Chrome my search engine, in fact when I try to go to google it seems to just spin & spin which makes you wonder if it is by design. Google haters can just ignore this last comment. This tablet is for fun & convenience, I still pull out my laptop when I need to do serious work.
R19UIZ1L8EPTG	5.0	Impressive Tablet! I absolutely LUV IT	6	8	I am so impressed with this Fire HD 8 tablet !!! I received it yesterday and have hardly put it down. It is just the perfect size. It compliments my subscription to PRIME. I could not believe the rapid speed to connection to my Amazon prime account. Limitless free games through Amazon underground. The HD clarity on the screen is superb . So vivid and bright with true colors. Wonderful stereo speakers - no need to hook up to a Bluetooth speaker. The speakers are loud and very clear.Have upstairs and outside back porch with no problem receiving great WiFi connections. Synched with email with no problem. Great for browsing the web . Everything is fast. Love to be able to download movies and games to sd card to be able to view and play offline . The camera is nothing to get excited about but could care less . Did not buy for camera. Have personal camera and great camera on phone. The video camera is rather nice. It records in HD video. Will definitely be using that. There are clear instructions operating this tablet under help menu but clearly doubt if you will need it. This tablet is so easy to navigate you will easily figure it out all by yourself. The size HD 8 is the perfect size. Get the matching cover for it. It closes so well with the magnetic close and allows for different positions for your tablet to stand and comfortably view it. Comfortable in hand and easy to take with you. I will be taking this with me everywhere. I love it that much. !!!
RCZ5ZEJM3BOO7	5.0	Works for me!	2	2	I don't quite understand all of the negative reviews. This is my 5th KF,and I am happy with it. I bought it to pair with my 8.9" HDX, but I stepped on it in the dark,and completely ruined it,permanently. I'm still crying. Anyway..this one works very well.Great video;great audio. Web files load quickly. Everything about it works beautifully,and quickly.And I am NOT lying (that was for the reviewer who claimed those of us who said it was fast,were liars. ) The set-up was very,very easy,and fast. My music and books loaded fast. I miss my 8.9 " HDX,but so far this one is proving to be a good substitute.
R1M6PC5D215SNS	5.0	It's great the processors needs to be faster or it needs ...	3	3	It's great the processors needs to be faster or it needs more ram it lags when we n switching task
RAZRQSE3LJ5KH	5.0	Great tablet for the price	2	2	This table is a great entry level tablet. The table works great for most things and it runs fine. The camera on this table works fine and it can take 1080p video just fine providing that you have the space for it. The battery does go down pretty fast if you are playing games with the wifi on but if you have it in airplain mode it can last a good few hours when playing light games. If you are planning to use it for other things the tablet will last you through the day. Overall for the price that table is well worth getting if you need a basic table that can do almost everything you need it to do.
RY1CCED0ZEN77	5.0	Very Happy!	2	2	I bought this to replace one of the original Surface tablets. I originally used the Surface for work as well as entertainment so I seriously considered upgrading to the Surface Pro 3 HOWEVER I no longer have the work requirement so an entertainment only device is fine. Considering my use of a tablet and the cost, I decided on the Fire HD 8. I've had it almost a month and I am VERY happy with this device. This is my entertainment device and for that it is perfect—responsive, video and audio quality are excellent. Battery life is good, not as good as my Surface was but not bad considering.
R2FZVUTZOCEX7X	4.0	Good With Some Trival Flaws	4	5	The new Fire HD 8 is a pretty good product. Not a lot has changed from my original Fire 7 I had. Bonus is the nice thin line shape. They go rid of the annoying carousel on top. Its now a separate page.. The cons I have with it are trivial. I ordered a 16 gig model. After looking at stats it had 11 gigs of space after pre programing. That would mean the 8 gig would have around 3 gigs of free space. Was not happy with this. Space is space. It took around 20 minutes to set up. Yet trivial. Only real complaint I would give it is how the bigger size is. Width is the exact same as my Fire 7. The extra size is height. Yes gives more room if you hold your kindle sideways. But with a bigger model. Would expect it to go both ways in size. Yet with this. I still love it. Wish they would allow customizing the wallpapers with personal pics next.
R1MW3SUGFNSQ9V	5.0	which I loved but I dropped it and it shattered the screen	2	2	Just got my new kindle and so far I'm loving it. It's a little bigger than the kindle fire 7, which I loved but I dropped it and it shattered the screen, so I decided to get this one and it's great, very thin and light weight, need a cover for it c a use it's very slippery. The old charger cord will also fits this one and I say that because the new one is only about half the length of the new one. That is the only that I don't like about it. Ordered it on Wednesday and it was here on Friday just like they promise. Very nice for the price, anyone looking to buy one I highly recommend it.
R2R4EX0HAVAJ2B	1.0	Don't get me wrong it's a beautiful device with a nice screen resolution	9	12	Don't get me wrong it's a beautiful device with a nice screen resolution. But I have to give it 1star simply because the BATTERY, because it is TERRIBLE!! I could understand if doing heavy tasks, but even light and mundane tasks like browsing the web or watching YouTube videos it BLEEDS battery life.
RZBTX0T7FML0K	3.0	Must of got a LEMON!	2	2	Must of got a Lemon! I have had a regular kindle for many years and thought I would upgrade, Purchased the Fire HD 8 and at first I was really impressed until I went to read a book, it kept freezing up, even after doing a hard boot, a few times. Did not matter which book I tried to read, it would freeze. Sent it back and got a Samsung Galaxy Tab A, and so far I like it and I can read a book with it. I really wanted this Amazon device to work based on being able to download movies to the device while traveling with no wifi.
R1UBKJB1PGR4FZ	1.0	Not happy with this purchase	2	2	This one does not work as well as my older kindlefire hd. The charger connection is already loose and is finicky about charging...This is totally NOT acceptable. I started having problems when it was only been used for a few days... the claims that it will stay charged for 8 hours is also not true. I can only get about 3 hours of use before I have to recharge this device again. I totally regret this purchase!!!! Maybe this one is just a defective device. If this is so, then I need a free replacement.
R215OH5JSE44CI	1.0	Not worth the discounted Price	2	2	I am so disappointed in this new kindle. This is my 5th kindle, having upgraded various times, the latest because my son broke his kindle 7 HDX so I gave home my 7 HDX and got this new HD 8. I was excited to be able to get an sd card to have more memory. So far all of the negative reviews have been spot on, however my newest problem is the kindle does not recognize or find my sd card so I can't use half my apps. Don't buy this new version until Amazon fixes all of these problems.
R1F08AQ4GR1TBH	5.0	Great Value	2	2	I'm happy with my purchase. It's been perfect for social media, surfing, online newspapers, watching video's etc. I've downloaded a few magazines from the newsstand and all are enjoyable to read. Screen resolution and color is stunning and the sound quality is incredible, especially with headphones. I paid $15 more to get it without ads. It does lag a bit between apps. and programs, but once there it's pretty smooth sailing. This is a great value for the money.
R18KJ3IWOT2GNF	3.0	New kindle fire 8 just OK	2	2	I purchased the new kindle fire he 8, replacing my kindle fire 1st generation that could no longer be charged. I use it often for reading books and was disappointed in how a word is looked up. It was very easy and quick in the first generation, slow and cumbersome on the new fire. My new kindle system is no faster when playing games or switching between options. Kindle still is not up to speed with TV apps. I guess the price is fair for what you get.
R2QIVY8HQB9PON	5.0	Excellent Tablet	2	2	I am very pleased with this tablet. It fulfills it's intended use. I primarily use it to read, surf the web, check email and the occasional game. It's plenty fast for these applications. The screen is nice, other than I have a little yellow discoloration in the top left corner, but it's small and only noticeable with some background colors. The 8" is a perfect size for reading and multimedia. I highly recommend this product for the casual user.
R2Q2XADCA4QNYE	5.0	Fire HD8, a nice, simple upgrade	2	2	I originally had the HD7. I've been very satisfied with it. Talking with a friend one day, the only drawback was that it didn't have a card slot. The very next day, I saw the HD8 available and purchased it immediately. This Kindle does not have an HD output but I guess that's ok, I still have my HD7. A little narrower, a little longer and quite thin, I love the new Kindle. I'm still getting used to it but I like the new home page and app setup
R15WKF49F46DSX	5.0	This is my 4th Amazon reader/tablet and I have never been disappointed. The Fire HD 8 is the best one yet!	2	2	I never go anywhere without my tablet. The fist was a Kindle reader. As soon as the Kindle Fire came out I bought one. Then the Kindle HDX came along and I was ordering again. Now I am the proud owner of a Fire HD 8 and I will be happy for now. It comes on so fast. The videos it takes are great and the pictures are great too. I like the addition of the SD card. now I can keep my pictures and videos on it. I will be happy for a long time.
RNTS6G11SA450	3.0	disappointed in this Kindle Fire	2	2	It's ok, however, I am not as happy with this product as I would have liked. It doesn't seem to do much more than the original kindle fire. The immersion reading continually messes up and I have to reset the device. And it seems that this version of the Kindle Fire is the only one that does not have a specific cable to hook it to the HDTV. I can't do as much with it as I would have liked. I won't return it but I would NOT recommend it.
R1NGQ7RT15BXJD	4.0	Happy Reading and listening to .Music	3	3	I am really enjoying my .tablet so far because it is easy to operate.
R2QTQID8379NI2	4.0	Fire HD 8 has some glitches	2	2	I bought this to replace a Google Nexus 7 and find that it is essentially the same. I really appreciate being able to expand the memory, which was not an option with the Nexus 7. However, after a month or so a glitch has appeared. Frequently, for no apparent reason, the screen will go blank and the page being viewed will be lost, or Amazon Prime music will pause while streaming. This has become very frustrating.
R1YV65CQNZE5BC	4.0	Fire HD 8"	2	2	The original one I received as a birthday present from my son. The Quick Settings did not work properly. I contacted Amazon chat and after they were unable to find the problem, they just sent me another one. I was supposed to receive instructions for returning the old one with labels etc. Received the Fire HD on the same day. Still haven't received the instructions for returning the old one.
R1KGXCS4ZC96QD	4.0	Kindle Fire HD 8	2	2	This was a replacement Fire HD, my previous one was a 7. At first I wasn't to sure of the "8" but I'm starting to really appreciate it. I've always loved the Kiindle and it seems everyday they make it better. There are a few things on my 7 that I wish they had kept on the 8. I wish they had a way to organize the books (read, not read...etc.) right now all the books are together.
R1U545C62TQ75X	5.0	Super tablet!	2	2	I purchased my Fire HD8 at a local retailer because they gave me trade in $ on my old pad plus I had some reward points. However the Fire HD8 is great! Well worth the difference of the Fire 7". The larger 8" HD screen is something you have to see. Great speakers too! I also like that it will Screen Mirror to our smart tv. Excellent product! For $149 it can't be beat!
R902RLJBZZHUX	5.0	This is a very very good product. I have had mine now for two ...	2	2	This is a very very good product. I have had mine now for two or three weeks and I haven't had a day of problems with it. It's very responsive to the touch and is very very fast with gaming and I have on iPad Motorola and Samsung tablets this is the best one so far I love that it's small and compact yet it's much larger than my phone screen . I am very very happy with my purchase .
R302F8X2N0Q4DA	1.0	Worst kindle so far	2	2	Already owning 3 previous generation of the Kindle fire this is by far the worst one. It can't even load the browser. Let alone the settings menu. I will be returning it and think twice before I get another kindle. This was not an upgrade but a downgrade in performance. Not to mention the size change makes it awkward to hold and use it for what very little few things it can do.
R133BMEDCI4LY2	4.0	Wife loved it.	2	2	I bought this for my wife for her birthday and she hardly puts it down. She uses it for everything. I bought her a case with keyboard and she even uses it to type her essays for nursing school. The only downside I could find was the battery doesn't last very long. Having said that, she uses it for everything so there's a reason for that. I plan on buying myself one fairly soon.
R3KTZQT26WDRBQ	2.0	the HDXs have much better specs and they are 2 years old now	4	5	I noticed the Lag others have mentioned. the HDXs have much better specs and they are 2 years old now. I was going to get myself the 10 inch, and give my old 7 HDX to my Mother. Instead I decided on just getting the new one for my Mother. She never used the HDX so she doesn't know better. If Amazon wants to move to cheap Fires, there will be no reason for me to get a new one. People want BETTER, not just cheaper. My next Tablet will most likely be a Nexus. They are at least striving for BETTER.
R3QL9ZG2YA776B	4.0	Easy set-up and was working right from the box	2	2	Easy set-up and was working right from the box. Only thing is the battery life is not what I thought it would be. Less than two hours while i was watching a movie. I thought it would be better. It had been used and charged 3 times before I watched the movie. The Tablet is great for what I will usually use it for. Works well outside in the sunlight as well.
R3P9KYXJ7BVCB4	2.0	1st time disappointed with Amazon device	2	2	I expected it to be slower loading via Silk but my biggest disappointment is it requires that I tap multiple times in order for the device to recognize what I'm tapping. Very frustrating. This is my 5th device from Amazon and for the first time I'm disappointed. It just became an expensive e-reader since it is too frustrating to use for web viewing.
R9UVUKW73UFJQ	5.0	No problems at all!	4	5	This is a beautiful tablet and everything works fine. I'm guessing there was a software glitch early on that's been corrected. Thus the negative reviews. Navigation has been improved. The quality of video and sound are both excellent. Setup was easy. The added memory means I can store all my current audiobooks on one device. No more juggling content to save memory! I'm 100% satisfied with this upgrade. Now I can "decommission" a couple of old devices.
R3JNBAOTTW5HGE	3.0	Not Up to Snuff :(	2	2	Love all the externals: the size, the color, the screen resolution, decent camera. But this Fire is not up to par. The Silk Browser is either too slow or won't load the page at all. The Email freezes. And worse for me, most of my apps from my Fire 7 is not compatible with this new FireHD 8. I guess you really do get what you pay for.
R2ZUN0O2U5DC6W	3.0	Took some time, but I think it's finally beginning ...	2	2	Took some time, but I think it's finally beginning to work correctly. Kept freezing up, and canceling downloads, which multiplied my frustration because of an upcoming deployment. Now it works decently, but only time will tell if it can provide my entertainment without further issues. Will update when I have Wi-Fi again.
R3B91LCXNKHD5E	4.0	It suprised me	2	2	I was surprised with this I had the 1st generation that came out in 2011 and I didn't like it at all this one is way better for what it is a simple tablet it is easy to use very light sounds great the only reason I can not give it 5 stars is the battery does not last long from full charge to 5% I got about 3 hours out of it
RAVP31FLL4BC6	3.0	Not to bad.	2	2	It's ok. The screen resolution is wonderful but The camera is fuzzy. It doesn't load fast there's a lag usually. There's no hdmi port big let down with that. So far it's been decent. Also if you get the 16gb it's not actually 16 it's says 12.something. Also- it's charging is awful! It takes hours to even get a full charge!
R28LS180AUABN1	5.0	easy to handle	3	3	Very thin, easy to handle. Love the larger screen.
RV05FNB9905T9	2.0	Not great for mobile professionals. Not better than iPad Mini like advertised.	2	2	I'm not impressed and wished I had returned it in time to get my money back. Would probably be great for just reading or for children under 15. Not great for a mobile professional. Save you money and get something better. It is not better than a iPad Mini. Don't believe the hype. I'm annoyed I'm stuck with it.
R3JS24GDNXQJF8	5.0	One was silver, but the new one's gold!	2	2	I'm astounded at how much improved my new Fire is over my old Kindle Fire HD 8.9. I didn't think it could get better than my old "stand-by," but it has many improvements that have surpassed my previous Kindle. Front and back cameras, increased storage, speed, weightlessness, and of course, the price...
R2EVAGR28QQO33	5.0	Nice tablet. I really like how Amazon has blended ...	2	2	Nice tablet. I really like how Amazon has blended Android with their own UI. It doesn't feel so foreign, but yet still feels different. Nice and thin, solid, and well built. Only real downside is the battery. It is not nearly as good as promoted. But battery life is always the worst part of a device.
R2I5M5G93S9B1E	4.0	I like it	2	2	I drive between Shreveport and Dallas twice a week and wanted something small and easy to use. My Fire HD 8 has great color and I like the expandable memory. The only thing I don't like are the ads that I can't get rid of when I first turn it on. If not for that I would have given 5 stars.
R3B3WNW20OLCCG	4.0	A Nice Tablet, If Not a Bit Laggy	1	1	I bought this Fire HD 8 after my 2014 Fire HD 7 was stolen. I have had several Fire tablets since their inception, but was not intending to upgrade this year because most of the initial reviews said it was markedly slower than previous models. After using it for a few weeks, my impressions are generally good. I am a Prime member and enjoy having a Fire tablet around for accessing my content. I use it most for watching videos, checking email, reading, dubbing on Facebook and the various other casual consumption. Pros: 1. I like the screen size & aspect ratio for movie watching. The resolution is not as sharp as last year's Fire HD 7. Unless you do a side by side comparison with a higher end tablet, however, it is perfectly adequate. 2. It is nice and light (lighter and less "clunky" than the Fire 7). I carry it around in my handbag daily and barely notice the weight. 3. Button placement is good and they are tactile/easy to locate without looking. 4. Finally I can have my own background image and the Carousel is gone! Woot! 5. Expandable memory....yes please! Quite possibly the best addition yet to a Fire tablet. 6. Believe it or not, the speakers are very good. Cons: 1. It is not as quick as the Fire 7. There is definitely some lag time when opening apps, but it's not so slow that it's a deal-breaker. As I mentioned, I was not going to upgrade from my HD 7 due to reviews stating it was sluggish, but to be honest it's not that bad. A few seconds more than last year's model, but since I use it for winding down & casually consuming content, I'm trying to consider it a lesson in "being in the moment" and not being in such a rush all the time ;) 2. 8 gig, even with Cloud storage, isn't enough even on an entry level tablet anymore IMO. Thank goodness for that expandable memory. 3. The content recommendations are literally everywhere and can get annoying at times. However given that Amazon prices these tablets low as an advertising vehicle, I get it. I have found some enjoyable reads via those recommendations, but it would be nice if you could turn them off. That's more of a nitpick than a con, but still. Overall, for the money, I do like this Fire HD 8 tablet. The addition of expandable memory up to 128 gig is a big deal and the aspect ratio is very good for movie watching. If the screen resolution and processor speed were even on par with last year's model (let alone bumped up because, you know, newer tech usually is), I would probably thank the person who stole my HD 7 and forced this "upgrade" and give it a full 5 stars.
R336Z9ZOI4QSDT	3.0	Buyer Beware!!!!!	1	1	I bought this Kindle Fire 8 to replace my Fire 7 HDX because my HDX the screen cracked..As far as this kindle 8 goes, there are a few things I do not like about because it was poorly designed. First problem is buying a Fire 8 the only difference between the Fire 7 & 8 is the 8 is wider and not taller, the screen size is the same as a 7, and sometimes when playing games there is a border around the game so it is not full screen.The battery does not last long when not plugged in, in fact the longest this battery last without the power cord is 4-5 hours if your lucky. I never had this problem with the HDX 7, the battery life on it lasted with no power cord at least 8-10 hours..The real big problem is if you paid for any games or apps, and you switch from a HDX to the new line of kindles, not all of your apps and games are compatible with the newer Kindles and you have to buy some of the games or other apps again. Also the design is horrible. I put my new kindle in a Roocase(which are very good), but the problem is you have to put it in upside down so the speakers are face down and laying on the case because the speakers are on top of the kindle. The kindle also has all the buttons to power on the kindle,turn the volume up,and the headphone input all on one side. There are some positive things about this kindle, even those the speaker have to be face down and sit on the case they are loud.The sound system is much better on these new ones, in fact they are much louder and if your watching a action movie and you have the volume up all the way it is so loud you can here it at least 200 feet away if not more. The kindle it self as far as surfing the web and playing games is great, very fast does not buffer and it has a very crisp look when your playing games or watching movies. Also I would highly suggest if you buy any of these new kindles you buy a case because the back of the kindles are very slick and it is easy for it to slip out of your hands because with it also being longer and not taller it is really easy for someone to drop it. I would say these kindles are o.k., the HDX models were much better, but Amazon could have designed them better because with all the buttons and the port for the charge,and speaker all on the one side, it came because very frustrating a give you headache. I love Amazon and the Kindle line up to the HDX models, amazon dropped the ball on this new generation of kindles the y could have been designed better and not have the speaker on the top of the kindle. I would tell anyone who has a HDX to keep it because it is a much better model and the design is much better, If my HDX'S screen would not have cracked I would not have upgraded. Do yourself a favor and really read all the reviews carefully, I spent a week reading reviews,but since I could not find a new HDX I had to settle for this one..Seriously keep your HDX kindles,this one is ok but not worth the headache and lower quality, save your money and wait to see what Amazon does later, I have a feeling they will fix this some how.
RCWEAOT5EF6LQ	5.0	Pretty Great	1	1	Even though the price is really the listed price + 15 bucks (because if you're anything like me, you will very quickly be supremely irritated by the lockscreen ads and will happily pay to banish them), this thing is still exceedingly cheap for an 8-inch tablet. One would expect a cheap experience, but that's not what you'll get. First thing I noticed: holy crap the sound out of this thing is good. I was watching The Newsroom on my couch with the tablet held in front of me and was seriously looking around like ..."how on earth does this sound like there are speakers on either side of my head?" The screen: eh. There are better are on the market but this is about as good as you're going to get at this price point. Battery life: Amazing. This thing will go days and days on a single charge if you're not using it. I've watched two hours of HD video on it and drained less than half of the battery life. Form factor: If you want your tablet made of steel and porcelain, this one is not for you. The back is cheap, hard plastic. Consequently, this tablet is easily the lightest tablet I've ever had. It's incredibly light. Which makes holding it up to watch movies or read a treat. I slip it into my inner jacket pocket and it feels no heavier than a pocketbook. Also if you have an Amazon Prime subscription you can download ANY movie in their library onto the tablet and watch it offline. And if you need more storage there's a micro SD card. Downsides: the browser's a little flimsy. Would be nice to be able to install Chrome. After all, Amazon, I don't think you're going to be taking over the mobile browser market with Silk anytime soon. Better app support in general would be nice, actually. My expectations for this tablet weren't that high but in all honesty they were blown out of the water. I love it.
RMWSIFS4N3IUP	4.0	New operations system thumbs down, new tablet thumbs up.	1	1	I'm a long time kindle fire user who decided the 10 inch Fire HD was too big and purchased the new blue 8 inch version. The new tablet is thin, and physically works well. My issue is they seem to have hired someone to create the operating system who either never used the previous kindle, or disliked the system. My first problem was the DOCS menu, it's no longer a cross the top of the screen, after much frustration, and no help for the help screen or the email people, I found it is now a badge in the middle of my screen. Second was music, you now have to go into the drop down menu, and toggle a button to choose between cloud music and device's, which is slow and frustrating when your setting up the device library. Third, to quickly access my apps, I found I had to go to Games, because the new app screen shows every app in your cloud, and there is no device only screen. Fourth most apps show up as badges on the home screen, if your scroll down you can find them, but I have been unable to move a badge from the bottom of my screen to the top of a second screen, they seem locked in to a certain few lines. Last I like making playlists or editing old ones. After you create the list name, on the new s system you have to use the back buttons to get to your music, then hit the menu dots for an option of add to "newest list created" or "Add to Playlist" which takes you to a list of your playlists where you pick one. For someone who has used the kindle Apple apps, and older model Kindles, everything seems harder. My biggest gripe is that the help menus seem to be unable to even understand the problems I'm having. I wish someone familiar with the older Kindles would sit down and write a special help menu for those of us who know the old system, and are trying to navigate the new one. It's 4 days into the new kindle and I'm still deciding if this was a mistake of not. Don't switch unless you have to!!!!!
RH1GRMB0XHSGD	5.0	Love, Love, Love!!	1	1	I purchased this as an upgrade to my Kindle Fire HD 7 that is 5 years old. While there is nothing wrong with it, I decided it was time for a new one. Shipping was fast and I received it on a Sunday which is fantastic as I was home to accept the delivery. Right out of the box the Kindle gave me problems. I was very skeptical as to whether or not this was a good purchase. At first it would not let me connect to Wi-Fi stating that my password was incorrect (which it was not). After rebooting the device it connected to Wi-Fi and allowed me to perform the set up. Battery was at 77% out of the box so I decided to sync my account and continue reading a book in progress. This proved to be difficult as the device continuously restarted every 5-10 minutes. Once it stayed on for a half an hour and I thought I was in the clear. WRONG. This morning at 3 am I emailed Customer Service about the issue as I do not want to send the Kindle back. The display is beautiful and it is so easy to use. (For those who say no instructions came with the device, under settings is a help option that has videos, user guide, and FAQs.) Obviously I did not expect Customer Service to respond at 3 am., At 7 am I received an email from Jason apologizing for the trouble and links to set up live chat or a phone call. As I was at work, this needed to wait until I arrived home. Upon arriving home, I turned on my Kindle (battery still at 100) and within 5 minutes it restarted. At this point I am beyond frustrated and initiate a live chat with Customer Service. Rahul had me do a few minor things all of which I had tried to no avail. He then had me go into the display setting and change the sleep setting to 5 minutes or less. He then had me do a hard restart. This was 32 minutes ago and knock on wood, I have had no more issues. Customer Service went above and beyond to help me fix this issue. I would definitely recommend this device to everyone. And if you experience any issues at all, Customer Service is more than happy to assist!
R2B0FHBCVGLTC8	3.0	Falls noticeably short of what the Fire HDX has to offer	1	1	I assumed this version of the Fire would be an upgrade from my 2 year old (7") Fire HDX and as such would be love at first sight. Wrong! First off, it is noticeably slower and less responsive than the HDX and sometimes just plain unresponsive, a rare problem with the HDX. It may be that Amazon rushed it into production and there will be software fixes later, but in the meantime count me as quite a bit disappointed in performance. I bought the 16Gb version with no ads. 16Gb is not much memory if you plan on having both movies and music on board. Amazon has addressed that obvious limitation by adding a card slot for a micro SDHC card as one of the "improvements", which does arguably represent a gain over the HDX. As for apps, I haven't run any that failed to work, but I do have at least one in my cloud storage for my HDX (Scrabble) which isn't among the apps in my 8" Fire HD library. I assume that means the vendor hasn't updated it for the larger screen, but it is yet another annoyance tarnishing my impression of the device. So far all my side loads work fine, of which I have several. As for the other major change, a forward facing camera, response is tepid and picture quality/options pale in comparison to the camera on my Galaxy Note 5, perhaps a bit unfair considering the higher price point for my phone. Nonetheless, I would only use the camera absent my cell phone or my point and shoot, both of which are far superior for picture taking, so I don't think the forward facing camera as implemented represents much of an enhancement. I also don't view the larger screen as much of an enhancement, but should note that my wife likes it better for her Kindle reading. For that reason, I'm not returning it and it will reside on her bedside table while I continue with my HDX, which I like better for the reasons enumerated and others of less import. Hopefully, as with the 7" Fire HD, Amazon will come out with an HDX version that corrects the deficiencies. As for value I think you get a lot for your money with this device since it is a superb Kindle reader with many nice tablet features; however in sum, my viewpoint is that this version of the Fire represents 1 step forward and 2 back when compared to the HDX, which is why I can't rate it higher than 3 stars.
R2ZRBO5VNRIYY0	4.0	Summary	2	2	Format has changed enough on this Kindle that I did not find it to be just plug-n_play. But I always like a new challenge. After five hours and some prime tech help (thank you all) I'm getting to be friends with my "K5" now we might exchange classrings next week.
R2JZGVRO5YM48X	5.0	Love it have the hd7 but wanted an upgrade	2	2	Love it have the hd7 but wanted an upgrade. It is so much lighter than old one took a day to get the hang of loading my apps and swiping up instead of across but I love it lots more to figure out also that I can print from it to my wireless printer Well done Kindle
R2LNZYC5Y9Q2JR	5.0	A "must have" for comfortable reading.	2	2	I am very pleased with my magenta cover. Books are too heavy for me to hold and with my new Fire HD 8 cover I can hold it in my lap or set it on the table. It has made reading so much more enjoyable for me again. Much better than the one I looked at in the store.
R1T4XDGNBWFLY6	3.0	1 Gb memory too small, app store lacking, battery sub-par	1	1	I returned mine today after 3.5 weeks of experimenting with it. I'm a first time Fire tablet user and don't consider myself a power tablet user. I was looking for an update to my older tablet and was intrigued by the tight integration of the Fire tablet with Amazon media (music, books, video). My typical usage is surfing the web, running social apps, etc., nothing too intense. What isn't included in the product specs is that it only has 1 Gb of memory. In my opinion, this is too small even for a budget tablet. When I first turned on the device it went through an update. When I started using it the experience navigating and opening apps was laggy. I viewed the memory usage (before I installed any apps) and the combination of the OS and pre-installed background running apps were consistently pegging the memory around 800 Mb. This resulted in new apps opening slowly and a continued laggy response when pressing buttons or navigating around the screen. Apps like Twitter and Facebook would occasionally crash, which was frustrating. I would then kill some of the background tasks that I wasn't using and the performance seemed to really pick up except many of the background tasks would auto-start and the performance issues would return. This indicated to me that the amount of memory is insufficient to support general use. Also, the Amazon app store doesn't include many apps typical Android users might expect. One last ting, the specs say the battery life is up to 8 hours, but I observed about 5 hours under normal usage, which is a bit disappointing. These three observations resulted in a diminished user experience hence why I returned it.
RSOJNWSGBL1R7	5.0	Fire HD 8	6	8	I am enjoying this new version of Fire HD 8. I haven't gotten use to all the new things and design but they are good changes. It is very slim compared to my old one. It has a rear facing camera which is an added plus. Picture quality not as good as I would like. You can have a screen saver and it has different notification sounds. Having different colors to choose from is nice also. Still learning different options, but overall I am happy with it.
R19OMLTO6SW3U2	4.0	Campared to HD6 it has better sound, bigger picture or screen	2	2	Campared to HD6 it has better sound, bigger picture or screen, of course, chews up battery power. Seems it probably has about the same battery as the HD 6 but with better sound and screen it obviously runs down the battery sooner. Worth the money.
R2HFT7F5C9N8LD	4.0	I love my new Kindle	2	2	I love my new Kindle. I've been using an Ipod for the last few years and still can't figure it out. The Kindle is so much easier. I do wish the apps had better description, so that Inwouldn't be downloading them to find out if I like them or not.
R1JPD9JNJFDQ91	5.0	Extremely satisfied!!	2	2	So far GREAT. It's the thinnest, lightweight, fastest, tablet I have ever owned. I'm always looking for the latest greatest thing.....think I found it. I'm sure as long as it continues to work, I won't be looking to buy anything else. 👏👏👏👏👏👏
R1KFLH239SP66X	5.0	Fun at my age.	2	2	This is my first experience with Amazon Kindle Fire. Find it easy to use. It is not easy for an 83 year old to learn new things. This new Kindle makes it fun. Ordering books and Being able to set the text size brings many hours of enjoyment
R2FEIUIRB4X6R2	5.0	Recommended for Kids with FreeTime Unlimited Subscription	1	1	I bought this device for my daughter, who is 6 years old. She had an iPad before getting Fire HD. The feature of Fire HD, which really made me buy this device was FreeTime, otherwise it is an ordinary tablet. You cannot compare its specifications with IPad and Samsung but at the same time, you cannot compare its price with them as well. A huge number of free apps for kids in the App store are a great treat for my child and she doesn't want to go back to her IPad anymore. I also subscribed to FreeTime Unlimited and I believe that without this subscription, this tablet/kindle is useless unless you want to read books on it. Now we are able to access the huge libraries of Books, videos, Games/Apps at the cost of $3/month only. The best part is that now I have defined specific times for the usage of Fire HD i.e., my kid can only use it between 1PM and 7PM with a maximum of 3 hours. Also, she cannot access the games/entertainment apps unless she spends at least 30 minutes in reading books. This control was not there in IPad and we (parents) are loving this feature more than our daughter is loving the huge libraries of books, videos and apps. Conclusion: 1. This device is best for kids with FreeTime Unlimited Subscription 2. This device does not have very great specs but good enough to runs its apps 3. It gets slower at times, but with the price you are paying and the value you are getting; we are ready to compromise on that.
RW6JSP6EIK42C	5.0	Best gift of the year!	2	2	The HD 8 has been a great addition. Not only can I read books but I can surf the web and read my mail. I haven't logged onto my laptop since I got my kindle. It is the perfect size and so easy to set up and use. I love it!
R260FJJTF7ZBGZ	2.0	Should have left well enough alone	1	1	I bought the Amazon Fire HD thinking it would be easier to use than my current iPad. Not so. After trying to use it, I've found too many idiocincracies involved in its operation. I'm not a tech person, so maybe it's me and not the Fire. When turned on, I can't get the tablet to go to the home screen when swiping left, right , up or down. It takes five or six swipes (maybe more)for it to activate. It does not always respond to my fingers on the screen, and sometimes it does its own thing. When trying to download APP SPOTIFY, I had to go through a registration process to use it, even though it was free. It asked for my emai address then stated that email was taken and would not accept my registration. I deleted the APP. Having ordered another product from a website other than Amazon, I was using the tracking info provided by that company. I had to manually input the tracking number from UPS to see the status of my order. With my iPad I just had to click on the tracking number to see the shipment details. A big time saver. After spending over $200 for the new Amazon FIRE HD Disply I am truly dissapointed in its ease of operation. I may be wrong, but I believe I received a defective unit. Even though I am not completely satisfied with my iPad, I'll continue to use it and work around the tech issues when they occur. The FIRE will be relegated to the back of my closet.
R2RKF59422O9V	2.0	Wi-Fi issue with 5ghz	1	1	Having purchased six multiple past versions of the fire, I must say I'm a little disappointed. While the price point is good, it seems to be a step backward for the fire tablets. The main problem I have had is with the Wi-Fi in 5ghz. When I hold it in landscape mode with my left hand, the wife signal drops to nothing. When I remove my hand from the left side (button side) the signal comes back to full strength! . My router is twelve feet from where I sit with the tablet!! When I switch to 2.4ghz, it works just fine. My other devices with 5ghz do not have this issue. I called tech support, and spent over an hour on the phone with them, but they seemed stumped. They stated that they are elevating the issue to development. The rep stated that I should have a response in two to three days. That was last Sunday and I have yet to hear back from them. I'm also a little disappointed with the expandable memory. When I saw that it could take up to a128 gig card, I thought I would be able to download apps, movie, and music from Prime, but this is not allowed as far as I can tell. So now I have a 128gig card which is really of no use within the Prime environment!! If anyone knows different or steps I need to take to use this memory with the Prime features, let me know. I really wanted to like this tablet as I have with the past versions, but at this point, I cant say this is true.
R338D1M6GJPVB8	5.0	I absolutely LOVE my Kindle Fire	2	2	I absolutely LOVE my Kindle Fire! The screen size is awesome for me & my kids, the graphics are cool, & everything is so easy to maneuver. I felt limited with my old Kindle Fire, but this upgrade was well worth it.
R314QYH4LULMZM	3.0	Google Services blocked, useless OS. Get a real Android Tablet!	3	4	FINAL REVIEW: Great for the price, unfortunately, Amazon blocks Google too much. After I side loaded the Google Play Store and Services, Frameware and Account Manager, Google Apps would unfortunately not work seamlessly. This was a deal breaker for me, and I have since returned the tablet. Had Amazon allowed the Google Play services to be integrated better, this tablet would have been a great device, especially for its low price tag. I never had any problems with apps freezing, although there is noticeable lag throughout the systems. Apps that fly past the loading screen on my Samsung Galaxy S6 phone would now wait and pause for almost a minute on this device. I found this to be frustrating when trying to open documents or spreadsheets, especially ones loaded on Dropbox and opening with the MS Office Excel or Word app provided through Amazon Underground. Definitely not a tablet for practical business applications. The build of the device is okay, nothing stellar, but it is lite and ultra portable. The back of the tablet comes with a "beautiful" finger magnet that becomes exaggerated by the high gloss finish. For almost the entire time that I had the tablet, I kept it in the pad folio like case from Amazon, and that made the appearance of the device much more classy. Overall, if you are looking for this to read books and browse the web, or even watch some Netflix– excuse me...Amazon Prime Instant Video– then this tablet is for you. Game play was laggy and bland at best, although you do get tons of freebies with Amazon Underground. Do not expect to be able to use this as a power tablet, it is about as low end as it gets. It's merely a screen with enough battery power to last a long car ride up to the cottage and give the kids, or yourself, some media and entertainment when nothing else is avaliable. ORIGINAL REVIEW: (5 STAR) If you are tech savvy, or capable of watching videos to figure out how to root this device, it is the only way to get Google Services to work. I love this tablet because for what I do, it works perfectly.. I watch movies, YouTube videos and listen to music. Read books or news and browse Facebook and Twitter. Games like Boom Beach or Candy Crush work great as well. I rarely have more than 2 aps running in the background, as this tablet only has 1GB of RAM, which isn't enough to run many apps flawlessly. I did not expect this to work like my iPad Air 2, as this tablet does not perform nearly as well when it comes to business needs, it also only cost $164.99, and is a great value IF YOU USE IT FOR ENTERTAINMENT. Trying to use any apps to do spreadsheets or word documents on this is useless. It cannot run business applications well. DO NOT BUY THIS AS A BUSINESS TABLET! It was made for entertainment, and that is what I bought it for. It works perfect for entertainment, movies, Netflix, YouTube, music and also for reading any kindle books. I bought the case/cover from Amazon, and I must say, I am happy because without the case, the cheap plastic backing of the tablet attracts fingerprints better than a light attracts bugs at night. The fingerprints gleam and are actually tough to remove. I suggest getting a screen cover, I got the matte cover and it helps greatly because the screen is incredibly sticky. As for things like the OS, it's Android. Root it and do with it whatever you desire. The battery lasts a long time. About two movies in the car on low brightness along with a few hours of reading and games. I would say you could get about 6 hours of continuous use from this. The problem I have had a few times is that when turning it on, I have to hold the power button for almost 30 seconds, not sure if this is a purposeful feature or not, but just beware of this happens that your tablet is not broken, patience is just a virtue. Overall, if you are buying this and expect it to do more than what it can do, you're wasting your time. If you read English and are able to understand that this was made for entertainment purposes and is not a power tablet, congratulations, you're better than too many others who bought this and not only compared it to tablets four times as expensive, but who actually expected this to perform like those. It's cheap, don't be cheap yourself and expect this to work way better than it theoretically can. Read the specs of 1.5 gigahertz processing speed and 1 GB Ram, max 16 GB internal ROM, and you'll understand, this isn't an iPad, Galaxy S or Nexus 9. Enjoy your entertainment!
R3G7O8R4R9CLIE	2.0	Issues Out of the Box	3	4	I purchased two of the NEW Fire HD 8 tablets. I opened the first, ran through the set up, creating e-mail accounts and setting it up for use. No problems. G-Mail loaded properly, easy to set up and worked great. Downloaded several apps from prior experience, no issues. Hand it off and take mine out of the box. Run the set up and it takes forever. Start with Exchange e-mail and sets up without a problem. Attempt to set up G-Mail account and get an error message "no connection". I delete and try again. Second time the account sets up and retrieves emails and everything appears to be fine. I enter second G-Mail account and receive the "no connection" error message. I delete and try again with the same results. I then attempt to open first G-Mail account and receive the "no connection" error. I try several times to set up G-Mail with the same results. I get on the computer and research the "issue" I am having. The posts are all over the place as to a reason for the issue and the fixes are even more varied. I decide to defer to "Tech Support" and make the call. First person at Tech Support asks the normal questions but offers NO solutions or fixes. After 20 minutes she places me on hold and another tech person picks up and said she was now my tech person and asked what had been tried to correct the issue. I replied nothing and she began asking questions related to reset, force stops and on and on. NO, NOTHING was attempted with the first tech person. So, she began walking me through various attempts to FIX the issue. Nothing worked. Now she wants me to download an app (to the tune of 99 cents) that "may" help in fixing the problem. No, I am not interested in having to download an app to use the e-mail feature on a NEW tablet. I'm then told I need to call Google and get information from them related to "Incoming and outgoing server address" and "Outgoing and incoming security" as well as "Port" information. I balked at this. The first tablet worked fine and had no issues from same internet connection. I checked the first tablet as well as telephone and an I-Pad and all were working fine with same connection. Clearly an issue with THIS tablet. After 20 more minutes of back and forth it was agreed the tablet would be replaced. Later that night I checked the order and noticed I was being shipped a "Re-manufactured" tablet. WAIT, I purchased a BRAND NEW tablet and had it in my hands less than two hours and it did not function properly out of the box and you want to send me a "Re-manufactured" replacement???? NOT. I have returned the Fire Hd 8 (5th edition) for a refund. We will see how the other one performs. At this point I am not positive it will function without issues. Several of the apps I have used with my other Android tablet do not work with this version (Zinga, Adobe Photo Express, Photo Safe and others). Could be first run issues, but not acceptable.
R51ZT68YGGFOU	4.0	Very nice, but....	2	2	A bit reflective when reading outside, but okay. The card slot keeps opening and interrupts the action. It won't stay closed. Needs a better closure. I have to put a piece of tape over it.
R22TD2PH7T2S2B	4.0	Fire HD 8. 8	2	2	Really like this. It's a little slow getting to the home page. The lock screen doesn't open very easily. Have to swipe it 3 or 4 times. But other than that it's very easy to register and get started.
R3HO3UICBH7TST	2.0	Gave it a try--- but has problems	3	4	Was real excited when Amazon announced that the new Fire would have a SD card. So I pre-ordered the 10 in. When I got it--was soooo disappointed with the picture quality. Then I really read the specs. Could not believe how much less the ppi were as compared to previous Fires. (Currently own 3 other Fires). Anyway-decided to return the 10 in back but purchased the 8 in.-- because I still wanted a Fire with a SD card. Well, sometimes smaller is better. The 8" has more ppi so the picture is better--still no way as good as the HDX. My other big concern was the SD card and storage--- it was easy to insert and easy to set up so that I could download my movies. My plans are to keep this Fire. My hopes are that Amazon will improve the picture quality, increase internal memory options but also keep the SD card. UPDATE: when I wrote this I had downloaded 2 movies to my SD card with NO problems.. I started my next download and got 3/4 when it stopped, the screen went dark, tried to turn off, a circle kept going around and around, finally went totally dark screen with a glow. Anyway let the battery run out until this morning.. Luckily the screen came back on, had to safely remove SD card, and started downloading again--- did 2 more movies before it started again---looking at a black screen again with the circle going round and around-- not able to turn it off.. Have to wait for battery to empty...not happy!! UPDATE: once battery emptied again, took out card & replaced again.. I have since downloaded at least 30 movies without any problems. After reading other people's reviews, not sure about the reliability.
RJ0B7WFNRMMVE	4.0	SEEMS VERY GOOD EXCEPT UNABLE TO CONNECT WITH MANY ADVERTISED APPS	2	2	MY 1ST TABLET, SO HARD TO RATE. SEEMS VERY GOOD EXCEPT UNABLE TO CONNECT WITH MANY ADVERTISED APPS, SUCH AS WATCHTCM. CAN'T RATE HIGHER THAN 4 AS I DON'T KNOW IF TABLET FAULT OR PROVIDER, DTV.
R32JHU5XWEUC41	4.0	Better than iPad	2	2	Better than iPad, not as good as Samsung. Fire OS is an interesting blend of IOS and Android, with it's own take. We use as a family tablet, kiddie videos and apps, and photo album and video.
R2SKLTECHRT4AQ	4.0	Enjoying my Fire tablet	2	2	My Fire tablet has so far lived up to my expectations.it's taken me awhile to get started because I broke my leg, but it's been a great way to keep my mind occupied while I'm recovering.
RT9WL3UNKKOKN	1.0	Piece of garbage!	1	1	I absolutely HATE this thing! I already have a Fire HDX7 and thought I'd be "upgrading" to something that wouldn't get bogged down with all of the ebooks that I currently have. NO SUCH LUCK! This Kindle can't compare to the HDX7. Oh, sure... it has more bells and whistles. But performance-wise it's like a tortoise trying to out-run a hare. It sucks up SO much power that I have to keep re-charging it. (And all I'm doing is reading books!) The thing that REALLY ticks me off is that I had all of my 1800+ books organized, sorted (MY filing system - not Amazon's, where you have books that have titles like: "2-book Bundle Crochet Patterns" that get alphabetized by the "2" instead of the "C", or: "Legal Thriller Predatory Kill" that gets alphabetized by the "L" (which doesn't even show up on the book cover!). But now... ALL of my books are messed up on my HDX7! I've spent DAYS trying to re-alphabetize them - only to find out that every frigging time I turn it on, it syncs with the new Kindle and they get messed up again! I plan on returning it ASAP! I'll get another HDX 7 - or just buy another iPad!
R17Y04R1WQ8PKC	5.0	MORE THAN "WORKS" for ME. I'm grateful. 😀	1	1	Wow. I am an electronics idiot. I "own it", BUT I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED TO UNDERSTAND enough to be able to enjoy emailing, shopping, Bill Paying, etc.. Simple, but out of my element, and it made me feel even worse!! Kindle "Fire" changed the game for me. I know this system inside and out, & feel very comfortable with all the functions. I love reading books, watching great movies, very impressed with the HDX, have incredible pictures and videos that I took myself and have shared with our family West Coast to East Coast. Kindle is my connection to the outside. I am very mentally able, but physically I am disabled. No big deal. I am really loved, and really happy, with an INCREDIBLE family. But I would be lying if I said that this has not enriched my human, mundane moments, and need to keep in touch with the people I love whom are 3,000 miles away. I am truly grateful for the wonderful and FUN things I can do (like buy FASHION FORWARD clothes, and find incredible deals on said Fashion. And BOOTS! Oh yeah... (Got on a tangent there..). I love what Fire has done for me, and appreciate the 24/7 free help, though I stopped needing it a long time ago. THIS IS A GREAT TABLET.
RI7G9BGWXJZV1	5.0	then it would be the best tablet out there	2	2	You can't beat the quality for the price. I wanted an IPad but this was a fraction of the price. I only wish you could use Google Play apps, then it would be the best tablet out there.
R392VJCYJRLAIQ	5.0	Great 8" tablet!	2	2	Surprisingly, Amazon listened to the customers and added the expandable SD slot feature. I got this as a gift and have been only playing around for a few days, but I already love it.
R36L7K4CBQZNF	4.0	Works great but has no operator's instruction manual in delivered box.	1	1	It is a vast improvement over my previous tablet. It is faster with clearer pictures and videos, and has many more apps available for free. However, it has no written operators manual in the box in which is delivered nor does it have a 1-800 phone number to talk to a live person for help. The box only has a 2" x 3" card with a reference to a web site for device support. I ran into a problem after I turned it on. It prompted me to select a language. My left thumb inadvertently hit Spanish. Then suddenly all words turned into Spanish. I used my desktop computer to access the website on the card. The website told me how to change the language selections. However, the English captions it told me to go did not match the Spanish captions that appeared on my tablet. What to do? I don't speak or read Spanish. Luckily, my wife saved the day. She was able to interpret the English captions into Spanish captions and I reset the language on the tablet. I suggest that since many people in the U.S. speak Spanish, that the instructions for reseating the language have the Spanish captions in parenthesis next to the English captions.
R28O6EG3JWVIRJ	5.0	Great, worth the price	5	7	So I bought the 8" ,16gb. I need to ad the memory card. But the display is way different. Just taking some time to get used to from my fire hdx 7". The graphics are great. Seem about the same as my hdx. Nice and clear. It seems to work a bit different. I really need to play with it more but of course it came when I had a really busy week so I haven't had much time to just mess around with it The 8" seems so big compared to My old 7" . I don't know why. It's light. Sleeker. My old one just about 4 yrs old til the battery started shortening it's life more and more. Still works. So last yr when they came out with 4th generation I decided to wait having the 3rd generation one. I'm glad I did. My brother has the last yrs modle and I think this one's nicer has more options that I can see so far when last yrs seemed just like the yrs before. So far I love it. No problems. Just make sure you buy a case to.protect it. It's very light and alot thinner.I felt it was too vulnerable without a cover being given thinner and Sleeker. I received the cover a few days after I received the kindle even though I ordered them the same time. But I love this new device. I can't wait to add memory. My old 3rd generation seemed to be slowing down and getting old looking at times with the screen jumping. . Even using my cloud library it seemed to be losing alot of space and effecting it.plus the battery issue. I've also compared it to my sisters who has the first one and it's definitely come along way. Hers is so bulky and heavy and it's only like a 6" if that. I'm loving this buy and the prices,are way better then previous years. I paid over 300.00 for my hdx. I haven't seen any new hdx kindles. But like I said the graphics,seem just as nice if not nicer. Great buy just don't forget that cover. Update: I've finally been using my kindle pretty much non stop. Ok compared to my HDX I originally thought it was just as vivid. It's not. The HDX is way clearer. The BBC artery life on th his is great. The key to any device and battery life us letting it completely die the first time charging it then doing that again. You will get at least 8 hrs of y see from this device. I do like the kindle underground store that came with it.I've found some cool stuff. Apps. I love the volume. It's amazing. Very loud in the case. Headphones amazing sound. Don't need them though unless your using it at night and don't want t o disturb anyone else. I use them for audio books just n bed. As for the camera seems ok to me so far. I still need that extra memory y card but I do g ave quite a lot of apps on it and books. I do send to my Amazon cloud after reading. All I'll n all great value c.f. I'm poo a red to upgraded tablets. This meets them I'll n comparison with sound, vivid screen and half the price. Plus just l like my access to the kindle store so easily and all the deals brought up for me that just might n I t see if I'll didn't have this. I. Think u t-shirt well worth the c ok st and the $50 wouldn't be bad either for a gift to anyone who's never owned one or needs a new. One and uhh sent into the great graphics Iike the HDX has. I've thought of buying a few for the deal if still available for Xmas presents.
R3ATCV59NS7PLZ	4.0	Kindle Fire HD 8	1	1	I pre-ordered this kindle. It arrived on the day promised in perfect condition and with about an 80% charge. Registration was straight forward and took only a few minutes. Connection to my router (wi-fi) was simple and much easier than earlier models. New operating system and new start screen will take a while. Very nice screen. I like the new camera and I am pleased with the fit and finish. Not to excited by the emphasis on the "cloud". I use satellite internet connectivity and the service is metered. Issues: 1) I could not get the model I wanted (without advertisements). 2) I could not get screen protectors (they are back ordered). 3) I could not get a carry case in my kindle's color (orange). 4) The kindle came with absolutely no comprehensible quick start information. 5) I ordered the two year warranty ($29.99) because of my experience with my kindle fire HDX (7"). The battery failed at 18 months an it is basically impossible to successfully replace the battery (glued to the screen!) Planned obsolescence?
R1ZZ8PM3N1SKP8	5.0	This is the best birthday gift ever!!!	2	2	Wonderful! Great piece of technology. I use it for reading books, getting emails...actually everything that I used my IPad for. The battery is amazing!!!
R2JPCPUZTHAA81	3.0	Died after 5 days of use - updated when it came back to live, but only cautiously optimistic	5	7	This is an update to my earlier review. Until I find out whether the issue happens again, I will upgrade from one star to 3. While I still think it is not the best Kindle of the bunch, I did like it enough to hang onto it, especially for watching movies (that IMO was its best feature... better than the ipad or 8.9 (too big - for me) but enough bigger to make it better than smaller fires). On a whim, before returning it, I tried once more to see if it would boot up and it did. So I will hang onto it for a while and see if it happens again. I have had every Kindle since the first one. As we speak we have several working in the family and I myself switch between a Fire 6", HDX 7 and Voyage depending on my mood. So I am an Amazon Kindle fan. I thought this looked like a nice device and loved the colors. I received it on Sept 30th and (as always) set up was easy. The device is thin and the color (I ordered Tangerine) is great. The Good: The sound was phenomenal and the quality of videos was good. I didn't like it for reading books (I hoped I would) but it was a bit too tall for comfortable book reading. That said, it was good for reading magazines. I liked the removable SD card... especially as I could watch my Hero4 movies on the device. Nice. The Bad: A couple of things I didn't like. Its a bit "narrow" and I found in landscape once the keyboard was up, there was almost no screen in view. I also (like some other reviewers) found it VERY slow. The REALLY Bad: After only 5 days, it simply died. I just finished watching a video and started to download another one. It just died and is now dead as a doornail, after only 5 days of use. ***New update. I suspect that even though it had enough battery at the start of the download, the download ran it out... and FAST. As I am not a total idiot, I did try and plug it in when it died but nothing happened. I suspect that was because it had run so low it needed a minute to even start recharging. The battery life is not good, even for normal use, so (assuming my guess is correct) its probably advisable to plug it in when downloading large amounts (like HD movies). The Good (Again): I am returning it to Amazon - no fuss, no muss - for a full refund. Thank you Amazon! I didn't like it well enough to replace it.... I will wait and see what the next new Kindle looks like. I would pass this one, if I were you. If you are looking for a reasonable priced tablet, get the HDX 8.9 which is altogether a better device in all but looks.
R8AE1ZA2LETFF	3.0	Ambivalent	1	1	I dunno... I am kind of disappointed with this. I'm not sure why. I have the original Kindle that I bought back in 2011 and this new Kindle is more vibrant. The speed is about the same, maybe better. Maybe it's seeing the percentage of battery available drop before my eyes. I wasn't really happy with how oppressive all of the advertising was so I paid that off... not really happy about that. There are still book recommendations and app recommendations on their respective pages which I find irritating, especially after having paid $15 to get rid of the really obnoxious advertising. Maybe it's because my favorite app, Pluralsight, doesn't work on HD8. Is that a fault of Amazon or Pluralsight? I don't know but I blame them both. I think this is my biggest gripe. It's not bad enough to say I don't like it (two stars) but it's not good enough to give an enthusiastic review (4+ stars). Maybe next time I will invest in a tablet.
R114QVMQ0EH7KF	2.0	May day! May day! There's no Mayday button!	23	33	The Mayday service advertised is missing from the tablet. And tech support does not seem to have been trained on the new devices. Fix these issues and I'll gladly increase the rating.
R1WM58G1GPHPI7	4.0	Recommend!	2	2	Great value! I primarily use it for reading newspapers, books and magazines. Not super fast but it's light and a lot less expensive than an iPad.
R1TPGEQ95SHWJF	5.0	Love my new Fire !	2	2	I love my new Fire--- thank goodness for Amazon support, who helped me get it up and running very speedily. I'm 85, and needed just a little help !
R9SEZXNORSNDI	5.0	Quick and Simple to Figure Out and Use	2	2	I love it so far.. it's very quick .. a little sluggish on Viber, Skype, and Facebook calls but works.. wish for 4g network at some point on this..
R31TQCD3M3975O	1.0	Not What I Thought	8	11	Bad bad bad_takes forever to move from screen to screen. Sucks power down faster than a vacuum cleaner does dirt. Graphics are terrible. Am sending back very disappointed. My 1st generation 8.9 HDX is far superior. Only good thing about this device is that it's lighter.
R1U86E29Q3H3LJ	1.0	As a 1st time user of a tablet, there ...	2	2	As a 1st time user of a tablet, there was nothing to tell me about this tablet or how to use it. Not even where to turn on. Will be returning it.
R20L3PBSD5GFL3	5.0	Recommended product. Love it!	2	2	This is my 3rd kindle and I absolutely love them. I can play games, read books & email, look up things on the web etc. Great item for the price.
RZP3M0C6E8TXB	3.0	It's nice. Used to an iPad so it takes a ...	2	2	It's nice. Used to an iPad so it takes a bit of adjusting to but glad I got it. Does not have as many apps as the iPad or other android devices
R153HY2G4BL5WX	3.0	Was expecting a better experience...	1	1	This is my 4th Kindle Fire and I'm on the fence about it. I love the size. I'm not happy with the display. It's just not as crisp as I think it should be. The touch screen doesn't seem as responsive as previous models. I purchased the 8gb thinking that I could put my books on the micro SD card, and I can't. So I should have purchased the 16gb. The sound on this tablet is in and out. On some apps it's great, and on other apps it seems to go in and out. Could be a problem with the apps, but if Amazon is going to be picky about the apps they allow, they should make sure they all work right before allowing them in the App Store. I don't like that I can't use my beloved Google apps on the Kindle Fire. Why? I don't appreciate the shorter charging cord. And is it the operating system that is causing this tablet to lag? I don't recall my previous Fire's lagging so bad! And I've got to say it, I miss the carousel.
R1YYEIEEM8ABN8	5.0	Better than I expected.	1	1	I bought this to replace my stolen Fire 8.9 HD. I read the reviews which found that this Fire HD 8 was slower and less visual definition. I was ready to sacrifice these things at the time of purchase. I have used it for several weeks now, and I like it better than my Fire 8.9. Part of my satisfaction may come from the improved software, but I have not noticed any differences in speed or definition. If anything, it seems faster. Upon opening the package, I did notice the .9 of an inch reduction in size. But it feels better in my hands, and the on/off and volume buttons are much easier for me to use. Feature after feature, I am very pleased. I would not trade it for my old one unused. One thing that I haven't liked about either model is the lack of good, strong volume. I am 78 years old and could use a tad more volume at times. In instances when I have problems, I use amplified speakers.
ROEJ2A2J7T28O	4.0	beyond that it is one amazing little tablet	2	2	Some time doesn't respond to figure tap quit fast enough, beyond that it is one amazing little tablet. Does everything more expensive one do.
RCS53G7U19EIO	5.0	It was everything I needed and more. If you ...	2	2	It was everything I needed and more. If you are a prime member and a fan of apps it can replace your notebook and possibly your phone also.
R1LVKV7WWIYUQB	4.0	I love it!	2	2	I love it!! The only thing is it has poor battery life and the color doesn't seem to be as good as the 7" but other than that im happy.
R1YPIK0SFGFI7U	5.0	Excellent product.	1	1	The cost is very affordable. The size is easily handled, the screen clarity is excellent, touch screen is 10% slow to respond when selecting, speakers are good, battery charge is good, good selection of apps and games. Accessory list is limited due to new release date of 10/15. Did finally find a universal wireless keyboard case that fits the 8". Haven't tried the camera yet. I use it mainly for reading and streaming movies and tv shows. But, I do read, write and select links in email. Silk browser is good. Our internet service provider is horribly slow from 3PM - about 1AM every day on our laptops rendering the use non-existent! . For some reason, I technically don't understand, the Kindle is not adversely effected and is still operational. Thank goodness, as my husband and I are addicted to computer use. LOL ! Overall, very pleased with the purchase of the Kindle Fire HD 8" 5th Generation.
R1NVM1MTMXE7QB	5.0	Best Kindle ever!	2	2	Absolutely love Kinndle! I'm visually impaired and it's prefect because I can enlarge the font and change the background color on books.
R1UF0TRADP6LBE	5.0	I love my new fire	2	2	I love my new fire!!! It's fast, easy to use, & light weight! The screen is bright, colorful, & crisp! Couldn't ask for anything better!
R1UDKTMETI4672	5.0	Fire HD 8 Tablet, 16gb	2	2	So far this tablet met all my expectations and then some. I only wished I had bought the feature that eliminated ads. They are a pain.
R22Q5B0LY5ZNMB	3.0	Not the fastest or slickest tablet on the market, but a good value well suited for its price point.	3	4	When I learned of the new Kindle Fire line being released, I decided to pre-order one of the new Fire HD8 devices. It's pretty, this "Tangerine" color, and when apps are loaded, they run quite nicely, but this 1gb of system RAM quickly shows its limitation in the Fire OS. Swapping between applications is at times painfully slow, and loading new applications can be an exercise in patience. Also, with "HD" in the product name, I would have expected a nicer display. For the price, however, it offers something other tablets in its price range lack: a newer processor and a Micro SD expansion slot capable of handling a 128gb card. I'm hoping that Amazon will release a software update that more efficiently utilises the resources this device has. If they can speed things up on this thing, they'll have one of the better tablets on the market, in my humble opinion. To Recap: PROS - Price, MicroSD Card Slot, Nice form-factor and color selection. CONS - Low RAM makes for a laggy device, HD screen really isn't all that great.
R1NP9KNM93K0HD	5.0	Great and so easy to set up and use	2	2	Great and so easy to set up and use ,so bright and clear. My one was 10 years old and I was happy with that until it died of old age.
R1O865O24LKM7I	4.0	I'm a Kindle owner since the first Kindle...	1	1	I've now bought, handed down 14 kindles over many years. I would like to say my Kindle HD 8 is the best one yet, but there are some things I'm not very fond of. The speed of apps and even opening a book is too slow. The resolution although perfectly fine, could be better. This is no Nexus, but I also didn't pay that price. I consume books and that is the ONLY reason I have a kindle and not some other device. I have been enjoying offline Prime content, but it is not my primary reason for owning a kindle. I wish we had full Google Play library of apps and content but again, if I wanted that, I would buy a different device, so with it's limitations, the Kindle HD 8 is fine for me. I hope Amazon releases a high end device at some point, one that would rival the other Android brands, but until then, I am satisfied as I have been for many years.
R270K1BCZU6T6	2.0	Nice resolution but VERY VERY slow	2	2	Nice resolution but VERY VERY slow. Will not recommend as an IPAD replacement! You can't give to your kids too as it is too slow
R1G8ORHXKT7RU8	3.0	Maybe, maybe not.	1	1	It's easy enough to use, the colors are great, and the size is nice. But overall I ended up returning it. You cannot get anything google on the tablet and can only add apps that are available through the amazon appstore. If you've purchased anything through google play, you're out of luck unless you want to pay again through amazon. Now, you can tediously load google apps onto it from the apk files you download on your computer, but ultimately, they don't all work the same, and it ends up being more trouble. The price is great, absolutely great compared to the other tablets, but it's a headache if everything you know and do is with google apps such as play store, gmail, docs, etc. There also isn't a clean home screen or app drawer like I was used to with other androids, which was kinda messy. It's very proprietary and that was a disappointment.
R3MAHBK1AF9MUG	3.0	FULL REVIEW + PICTURES	1	1	Hope my review and feedback of this product along with the pictures I post help a few fellow Amazon shoppers: Quality? 7/10 ~ I barely have even used mine and kept it pretty clean yet the back is already scratched up BIG TIME and the body itself for some reason gets dirty really fast with finger prints and such. I also realized I wasn't able to find or download the app: INSTAGRAM in their app store? And the tablet itself freezes once in a while. But again all that being said this tablet is very, VERY cheap compared to the iPad and such. And I think I'm overreacting a little and forgetting about the fact that this thing is under $200. So for the price I'd say it's worth it. Check out the pictures I have posted as well. Let me know if you have any questions / if my review was helpful to you
R3CW9OIVQ5IPHQ	4.0	White Balance Issue	16	23	This tablet does what it is advertised to do very well, and that is entertainment (movies, games) and ease of shopping. For the price, it is a very good value. My problem is that the screen images show a yellowish tinge and this ruins the experience. Clearly poor white balance calibration. Not sure if this just with the unit I got or it is the case with all Amazon tablets. I would gladly give it a 5 star rating if the white balance issue is corrected.
R2GDBU5FE7GYML	4.0	Like the looks	1	1	Like the looks. Had a Fire HG 9.8 which malfunctioned - the Wi-Fi would not connect after 6 months use. Hours of online work with techs did not fix the problem so bought the Fire HD 6. Generally like it but the features are different than the 9.8 so still learning. The touch screen seems to take more pressure than the 9.8 - so am using a soft stylus which I find annoying. There are 8 Wells Fargo bank apps at the appstore. Tried 4 all had the same problem - investment accounts would not open. Spend hours with Well Fargo techs no success. Finally opened online and bookmarked in Silk Browser. Works great and is a better presentation than the app. Like the vivid display and getting used to the smaller size. But I am satisfied. In the past I have had 3 Fire HD 9.8 fail - hope this is more reliable.
R2CH9RCG0SMFB8	1.0	Unsatisfied	2	2	The device itself is sleek as advertised but has a very buggy OS. Slow response. I loved my HDX7 far better than this one.
RK1SXTYD4EYM9	4.0	nice tablet only thing I would give a negative to ...	2	2	nice tablet only thing I would give a negative to would be the battery life. doesn't last as long as my first kindle did.
R2YUVPU45DTKBX	4.0	I read other reviews and was a bit nervous because some of the reviews seemed to compare with "high tech " issues and to be hone	1	1	I have only had this a few days but the only down side is I wish it had a longer battery life. I read other reviews and was a bit nervous because some of the reviews seemed to compare with "high tech " issues and to be honest I like to take pictures and play a few games and of course read but I am not of the high tech generation so ease of operation and the ability to use it for my everyday use was important. So if any out there from the old generation wants a product that meets the desire to have a product that is easy to use and allows you to have apps for games and other interests and take pictures and for a bonus listen to music or watch a movie - here it is. I say go for it you will enjoy this Fire and discover all it can do without the worry of not being high tech or computer smart.
R9CO3BYFIT5PR	2.0	Nice try.	1	1	Really 2.5 stars. The major issue with this appears to be ram. No matter what music app I use, it will crash if I try to do anything else. Browse the web, read a book, respond to email - all the same result. (It just stopped playing as I type this). I could be wrong but I figured that functionality to be the basic of the basic. It's also telling that switching apps is so slow. I think it may be related. Beyond that, I am satisfied with the limited use I applied to it: netflix, kindle, the light web browsing. Comic books look great at this resolution. The limited app store is incredibly annoying but not debilitating. Looks good, feels good. But I'm definitely sending it back. The music issue seems to be a sign of things to come in terms of increased usage.
R14YG6S1F8JLFG	4.0	Really not a bad product for the price.	1	1	I'm a college student and bought this purely for entertainment and to take some notes in class without lugging around my laptop. Lets start with the positives. The screen is crisp and clear, the audio is fantastic, battery life has actually been really good (can realistically get about 6 hours of constant use and battery drain isn't terrible when on stand by), also the browser / factory apps work pretty well. Over all I'm really pleased with the tablet for what I paid. Of course there are some drawbacks. Like everyone has already mentioned, switching between apps can be alittle slow, but function well when actually in the app. Also while the audio does sounds great, even on the quietest setting I find it rather loud and would probably be an inconvenience to anyone around you.
R10OZVSCEW5BUN	4.0	This is a great kindle that I bought for my husband while he ...	1	1	This is a great kindle that I bought for my husband while he was recovering from surgery. We did have alot of trouble with your customer service reps when we needed them they did not seem to understand how to operate the machime very well. Some of the books from his kindle wound up on mine. I am still not sure what the special offers are. I think it would be helpful for you to train your customer service people on how to operate the kindle it took several calls and finally one person took the time to help us but she did admit that they received very little training on this. Our first kindle had to be sent back and replaced and mu password on my amaon accoungt still is not right. I think with some knowledgeable people we could have enjoyed this gift a lot more
R1R3AFTP03YRAO	4.0	I am s beginner and I love it. It has great speed and the display ...	2	2	I am s beginner and I love it. It has great speed and the display is clear as a bell. I would recommend it to anyone.
R3TC9JN8KGFJIV	2.0	Only 1 GIG of RAM. Seriously!?	1	1	I have never used this device, but it isn't necessary to do so to understand the source of nearly every complaint that I've read from the owners. It has only 1Gig of RAM. This is completely inadaquate for running Android 5.0 and up. 2 Gig is the industry standard for most modern Android tablets, and even that is being phased out now for 3 or even 4 Gig tablets. And it's only going to get worse as Android updates it's OS. Don't forget that Amazon FIre is simply a custom theme and launcher that sits on top of the underlying system, which is a full Android install. I have no problems with running older hardware and passing on the cost savings, but not in this way. Having enough RAM is critical to running an Android system, and this tablet simply doesn't have it.
RZQI9008F19GO	1.0	COULD BE a FAKE !!!!! AMAZON allows a fake account of 14 of my items are so my KINDLE COULD BE also	1	1	I am thinking of returning my Kindle it may be fake since AMAZON will not delete fake accounts or postings I am no longer sure mine is real , I have 14 items of my products all one of a kind 5 feet from me now here in TEXAS yet somebody in NJ is selling them for 100's dollars more then I am and there is only one each of the item . Amazon will not take down the phony account along with some 1000 other products like tablets and cell phones . SO I think MY KINDLE is a fake as well I can not Trust Amazon products after 4 hours on the phone proof I have the products I am the maker of products and refusal to take down false /fraudulent profiles makes me think MY kindle IS A FAKE TOO !!! Crazy Bear Flutes Warning Know what /who your Buying from !!!
R3AYPG369GDK24	5.0	Amazing product!!	1	1	Wow!!! This product is simply amazing!! I was in he market for a tablet and have been an iPhone user for years. I also have a Lenovo yoga book that can serve as a tablet so I was familiar with the two different systems.. The Amazon Fire tablet will not let you down! It has so many features for reading it's amazing. The new word runner allows you to read at a faster pace without getting distracted or jump lines. The voice reader for books allows you to listen to your books if your at work on break or on a walk. As a browser it delivers smooth browsing as long as your connected to a wifi spot. The display graphics are amazing and it is easy to use from the get go. I would highly recommend this is you are in the market for a reader/tablet!
R2J24BYZQAQ4EZ	2.0	Having a problem with it-the talking thing is going nuts ...	2	2	Having a problem with it-the talking thing is going nuts cannot get it to work properly-won't even shut off now.
R2QZYMCLA2CYOA	3.0	It is what it is.	1	1	Realized from reviews what I was getting. It is a great entertainment device and I love the storage. I had no trouble learning to use it as I have older Kindle readers and two previous Fires. Pages are very slow to load but once loaded they work quickly. I bought one w special offers for the first time and will probably pay to turn it off. It's annoying to me. Battery life is not what I expected but I normally travel w a charger. Silk keeps reverting to Bing as my default browser which is a bit of a nuisance. Primes failure to be usable out of the Country is a big negative but that is on all devices. The device has started to freeze after two weeks. If that continues o will return it. All in all, moderately satisfied w reservations.
R1DPGR5UWQBACB	3.0	Kinda of slow	1	1	Bought it as an early birthday present for my mother and she loves it. The only thing she's disappointed in is the volume, It doesn't get very loud and the download speed leaves much to be desired. I have rented movies to watch on this tablet and each time I have to wait an average of about 15 minutes to download the movie, it gets frustrating when I'm in a rush or on my way to the airport and need the movie on my device since there's no wifi on the plane. I wasn't able to watch a movie because it took so long to download. I mean that was one of the main reasons for my purchasing this tablet - so I could watch movies on the plane as I travel a lot. Overall this table delivers great picture and options. I'm keeping it!!
R3NWS5TDH18URA	5.0	Fire HD	2	2	Everything I hoped it would be! Quick, holds its charge, easy to find what you are looking for. love it!
R1SM45DVRFX1H	3.0	If you've got a Fire HD 6, 7, or HDX, it's just not worth it	1	1	I'm sending my HD 8 back. I was encouraged by the fact that the new Fire tablets were thinner and came with a expandable storage via the MicroSD slot. I hoped that these features would offset the fact that there were no improvements in the processor, and that the screen resolution was not as good as my Fire HD 6 & 7. Unfortunately, that didn't turn out to be the case. Fire OS 5 has a much nicer user interface, but it is pretty slow, especially when more than one application is running in the background. Sometimes, it takes 10 seconds or more just to close an application. I'm sure that future Fire OS enhancements will improve the bugginess, I'm just not going to willing to wait around. I'll hang onto my HD 7 for now
R2F6CCKXFR7HYT	1.0	I disliked the device so much I returned it	1	1	Compared to the 7' fire I had, the HD8 is a cheap knock off. lets start with the power cord, its 2' shorter than before. It makes it almost impossible to charge and use at the same time. The Wi-Fi receiver barely picks up the signal even though I am only 15 feet from the router. All my other devices receive a strong signal. There is no the auto-bright feature. The touch screen seems to be less sensitive, having to tap multiple times to get the device to respond. The on/off switch location is awful. When holding the device by the sides I am constantly hitting the switch. The extra inch in length serves no purpose, and makes the device harder to use. In summary, I disliked the device so much I returned it!
R3A5RIWSGFJSQN	4.0	It grows on me	1	1	I have several different style Kindles so it is easy for me to compare. This is not as user friendly as the first fire which is why it didn't get 5 stars. I could go on for a long time bragging about the ease of using the first fire and complaining about the changes in this one but I will get used to that soon enough. It has features that make up for it. The screen is very clear and the size is great. I love the fact that it is light weight since I take it with me everywhere. There are features that look extremely interesting and I am excited to explore them. I am anticipating a better quality sound in the music and that pleases me greatly. I am glad I have it and suspect I will grow to love it
R19INYETIR6QCN	3.0	$15 to remove lock screen ads.	2	2	Hello Everyone, The Amazon Kindle HD 8 is ok. A couple things you should know before buying. You have to pay an extra (I consider extra because nothing told me there would be ads on the lock screen) $15 to remove lock screen ads. I have not found a way to remove aps from my home screen yet. I thought it would be a simple hold the icon and drag to a trash can or have an option to remove them come up but this is not the case. I have done google searches for this and there is not much information yet.
R282AWZU0TAKX9	2.0	... first Kindle was the Kindle keyboard - it worked fine, but was somewhat rudimentary	3	4	My first Kindle was the Kindle keyboard - it worked fine, but was somewhat rudimentary. I moved to the Fire HD, and it was great, until the battery died. Next was the Kindle HDX - constant and annoying freezes. I bought the new Fire HD 8, hoping to avoid daily restarts. The first day it completely froze, requiring the "factory reset". Since then it has worked more or less fine, but it is dog S-L-O-W. There are significant pauses between actions. The screen is not very responsive to taps, sometimes requiring woodpecker-like hammering. Swipes, on the other hand, occur if you only think about a word that begins with "s". If the marketing strategy was to sell junk at a cheap price to lock readers into the Amazon ecosystem, in my case it is having the opposite effect - back to brick-and-mortar bookstores.
R1B4N0HVDQWQ7P	5.0	Just get it!	1	1	This Fire HD is perfect for bedtime reading. It is very lightweight and user friendly. There is no disruption when I watch movie or listen to music so connectivity is excellent even when I'm seated in my outside porch. Just FYI, I have an iPhone 6+, an iPad, a MacBook pro and a surface pro but I still find myself needing something small but not too small and lightweight for bedtime magazine/newspaper/book reading. The fire HD 8 inch answers to that need perfectly, the rest of its functionality is a bonus. Price is excellent. Ad page comes up whenever you first open it but just swipe upwards and it disappears. Free 6 month subscription to Washington Post was a wonderful surprise.
R2OLS9W7JMJ6O4	5.0	5 stars and well deserved.	1	1	I love this tablet. I haven't had any experience with tablets so this is my first but it is amazing. There are a few little things that I wish I could change with it but all in all from an inexperienced user it rocks. I'm so used to computers that I need to get used to the little differences when it comes to tablets. The battery life is quite good and the resolution is amazing. The features that the Fire HD 8 offers is comparable to tablets costing much more. I bought one for my wife for Christmas and it's going to be very difficult to wait till then to give it to her but it will be worth it. She will love it. As far as I'm concerned you can't go wrong buying this tablet.
R3LSM9FBY8TGHX	5.0	... time and this has turned out to be the best gift!	2	2	My husband is a video/gamer fan when it comes to down time and this has turned out to be the best gift!
R2S1BVEIBZ1RFG	5.0	A really nice tablet!	6	8	Thin, light, a 1" larger screen than my last Kindle. Faster than my last Kindle. Clean sharp display. All around a really great tablet!
R1SXSWM1GCPLHW	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Would have been nice if the package had included some type of instructions, otherwise no complaints.
R2L3QNSM7M9EHG	3.0	Balance for an old basted.	1	1	No instructions, so being a "first" time user has me left in the "one step forward two steps back" category. The unit doesn't react maybe 15 percent to the touch. I have to hit a number or arrow several times to get it to work. It is hard to hold up for any length of time, since I am in the VA hospital. I am usually sitting up in bed so using the kickstand is not practical and my hands-go numb because it doesn't balance well when holding it. I use my paperwhite to read any books. I can't figure out :O to make msn my homepage. I went to the sites but still no homepage. When I do get into msn it's still better than lifting my three pound Acer pc.
R1PFP5038NY6US	4.0	Great value!	1	1	Love it! My original purchase had a broken on-off button, and I had numerous problems with it. I was on vacation at the time, and needed the tablet for important e-mails.I phoned Amazon, and the techs were helpful. They got it working for the trip, and suggested I return it when arriving home. I returned the item and received one which works perfectly. Recommendation: use a stylus. It is difficult to type or locate an item with fingers. My only complaints: (1) It is difficult to locate newly downloaded books. You need to remember the title and author. (2) I purchased Amazon's cover. It is difficult to use the camera with the cover attached.
RSMKCXKKIYHMK	5.0	Lighter, faster, easier, and bigger viewing screen	3	4	I haven't had my new Kindle fire for a week yet , but I am very impressed with it . I previously owned the Kindle fire first generation , and the Kindle fire HD second-generation . So far, I am very impressed with the speed and versatility of the fifth-generation. It functions a lot like my Galaxy smartphone, it's easy to navigate between applications. Don't really care for the keyboard, it's like doing a word search. There isn't a key separation between the letters until you touch them. I'm sure I will get used to it after time. I really like the new screen size and the thinner and lighter weight design. I still have a lot to explore and try on it but am looking forward to it. It's a great buy, I paid more for the first generation.
RX27PND47V2OW	3.0	Beautiful machine, BUT the reviews about the battery are ...	1	1	Beautiful machine, BUT the reviews about the battery are unfortunately true. I watched a movie last night and in less than 2 hours, I was already at 37% on the battery, after starting at 100%. That's pretty unacceptable, and worries me as I bought this so I could use it on long flights. I'm rethinking that. As a Tablet, it's a much improved version over my previous Kindle; it's vibrant, clear, the sound is much better, the aps run better, etc. It's just that the battery life is seriously disappointing. If you're buying it for use other than when you're not sitting next to an outlet, you may find yourself a bit disappointed.
R11AGUUSX6SV7N	3.0	Good value, love the extra storage,	1	1	I find that I like my Kindle Fire better than the Kindle Fire HD 8. Possibly it may just take time to become familiar with it. It does seem much more complicated and requires many extra steps to accomplish what you want. It also is does not seem to respond as quickly as my regular Fire to my touch. As for the HD quality, I guess that I will have to download a movie to see the difference there. It does charge very quickly, I love the fact that it has more than double the storage and adding the sym card for additional storage is the reason I purchased it. I was always having to delete things on my original Kindle Fire.
R1W264U143XRMU	5.0	The Great HD 8 Tablet	1	1	The fire HD 8 has lower specs than my fire 8.9 hdx but for the price its an excellent tablet. i luv the new OS 5 easy to use and get around. i find when viewing my videos the battery doesnt last as long as the HDX models but its easy to recharge. i am getting my wife one for xmas,she has the 7inch at the moment so the larger screen will suit her, also you need the HD 8 case it holds the fire perfectly.the sound is great and loud enough at full volume. so as i said its a great tablet for the price!!! an other great amazon product.I forgot to add the addition of the SD card which as you all no expands storage up to 125 gb.
RA417LSWR6MFP	5.0	Very pleased I purchased this!	1	1	This is a very impressive tablet. I was in the market for a new tablet. My iPad 3 is too old now, so I was thinking about getting a new one. Wasn't sure to go the mini route or get the full sized air. I bought this tablet to see if I would like the smaller size. Not only do I like it, but now I won't be purchasing a new iPad. The Kindle fire had 8 is perfect! It has everything I could've asked for. While the app selection isn't as varied as on iOS (or for that matter the google play store), the hardware is what makes this tablet a winner! Selling it for a fraction of the cost of an iPad certainly doesn't hurt either.
R2CW0WOFWRHJ1V	4.0	Loving it	2	2	Except for it being slightly less sensitive to the touch than my previous 6", it's great.
R3I3GOV0IRH1BG	4.0	Fire HD 8	2	2	I really like the setup of the Fire HD 8. It's easy to use and great quality for a low price.
R27YMXJSEIHP5F	2.0	I did like how big the screen was and that you cant ...	1	1	Its a little too complicated for people who are first stating out using a tablet. The fact that you cant edit apps by deleting the ones you would have to use for or you can't atleast remove them from the home screen is aggravating. I've bought this for my client with special needs but there is just no way she can use this. I did like how big the screen was and that you cant make the font "huge". I don't like how there was things for purchased so easy to click on. Tho, i didnt add a form of payment to the devise it was just kinda annoying that each subsection had purchase this purchase that.
R9H701FGB7IPM	1.0	Poor Performance	1	1	This is my 3rd Kindle device and I am extremely disappointed. It freezes frequently when I am attempting to access content, particularly after I added external storage. When I called the support center I asked if this was potentially the issue, but they didn't respond to my comment. After powering the device down several times, performance has not improved. A video I purchased from Amazon Prime has been downloading for over 4 hours - that is not because of my internet speed. Specific content I haven't been able to access are books and magazines. "Silk" also does not respond.
R21Y30UGF2H6W4	4.0	I do like b it right off the bat	2	2	I do like b it right off the bat. I've only had it a few days but so far so good
R57M56G5G5AGX	5.0	<3 Fire HD 8	1	1	I love my new fire. it's not to small or to big. It's the best tablet that I've ever owned. I actually just ordered the Fire HD 7 for my 5 year old grandson. He loves mine better then his LG G pad. I ordered the case, a 64 SD card and the protective film plus a 2 year warranty for the. 8 & a 3 year warranty for the 7.. I would recommend the Fire HD 8 to everyone who don't care about the brand name, because this is a great value at a really good price.. I also am a prime member and I love that it correlates with prime membership.
R1NM3KKRMLK76I	5.0	Fire HD 8	1	1	I ordered this item hoping it would be an upgrade to the tablet I already have. It has surpassed my expectations because it included some surprise apps, has a larger screen (helps me because after years of computer use, my sight is not at good as it could be), and is much faster in searches. It integrated very quickly with my home wireless system, and even though the learning curve is very high because of the many new apps, I am becoming proficient in its use. Thank you for a product that I consider a bargain at the price offered.
R2OKT6L7B198BO	3.0	Crippled	1	1	A good little computer, but crippled by the restrictions of Amazon's FireOS. And the "Kindle Unlimited" just serves up old books, and books that are in the public domain anway - not the stuff I want to read now or haven't read before. After 1 week, I went out and bought the Barnes and Noble Galaxy Tab S2....So much better, much faster, much better WiFi, brilliant screen, with full access to Google PlayStore, and Microsoft Office Apps. The Fire HD is now on my shelf, unused, and probably to be sold off on Ebay next.
R310VSR23F9YS	3.0	Too much emphasis on increasing sales rather than delivering technical excellence.	3	4	Just ok. I was expecting more. The Silk browser is simply unusable; slow, locks, unresponsive. I hope a future software upgrade can fix this. The organization of items on the home page and recent pages are difficult to follow and seem to be focused on showing me items, for sale, that I have no interest in rather than an effort to make it clear and easily usable. This may be a case where the Marketing Dept. screws up a good technology. I can use it in a limited way and I'll keep it for that reason. But, for simple browsing, I'm holding on to my prior Fire. At least that works. Update; What I thought was a browser problem is instead a Wifi problem. The wifi connection will occasionally drop even though there has been no change in location or signal strength. Also, the connection process to public Wifi where a sign in is required is slow. choppy and unreliable.
R118XD37DBPMLX	1.0	NO WAY JOSE!!!!!!!	1	1	not only did I call several times, each time tech support did not have a clue to help me with my questions...the 1 star is for tech support, I have no ratings for the Kindle itself since I did not get the support I needed to make it work effectively, the only solution, and its the one they always use...reset to factory settings, this technique gets tiresome....EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED I thought this would be an exceptional product for an update.....but for me who knows, they surely don't....neither do I, so back it goes...ASAP
RBDXJF0W800HV	4.0	8 is great but 1 was more fun	1	1	I really liked my first generation Kindle Fire but recently the screen cracked and it had become obsolete so I bit the bullet and purchased the Kindle Fire HD 8. I am finding it to be a lot more complicated to operate than my previous Kindle Fire. I mostly use my Kindle for reading and liked the book carousel on my previous kindle home screen. If this new Kindle has that feature, I haven't figured it out yet. Other than that I like this new Kindle, hope that one day I will have enough time to figure out all of its features.
R35JKX3KF3Y53V	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	It is much more than I expected and a terrific upgrade from a Kindle e-reader.
ROHIPLF7WRBUT	4.0	Claudetttes Fire	1	1	While I am still very much in the learning process, I do have some remarks. The font size is very satisfying and I am enjoying the fact the with the case it can stand alone. In reading I find that changing pages happens instantly with very little touch. this is almost too much. I needed the cover not only to protect my Fire and have it stand alone, but because otherwise I cannot seem to touch the sides without moving or opening something. Overall I do love it and plan to take it with me almost everywhere.
RJRBZA5QBRS7R	5.0	Nice buy!	2	2	I needed for reading books and checking emails. Have found it is easy to use.
RR7M75FE28Q44	1.0	The worst mobile device I've ever used! And I've used a Blackberry.	1	1	If you are looking for a mid-price Android tablet with less flexibility than a real Android tablet and ads for Amazon products at every turn, this is the tablet for you! I even paid the additional $15 to get rid of Special Offers, but the shameless self-promotion and total lack of UI customization was still there! What a piece of garbage. Maybe I can install Cyanogenmod on it or something, because the Fire OS is horrendous. It's like they ran out of UI designers and asked the marketing department to design the OS.
RR2BYEURJZZB9	5.0	Fire HD 8	1	1	I have had a Kindle for about 7 years and love it but I decided I needed a new and improved one so after weighing my options and comparing all the Fires I decided on the Fire HD 8, 8" HD display, Wi-Fi and 8 GB and although I love the one I got and can do all I need on it I sort of wish I had gotten the 16 GB. I am hoping the Fire HD 8 will be as good as my Kindle, I have downloaded the games my five year old grandson likes to play on the kindle so now when he is at my house we both have one to play on.
R2U7OY2K7VJ08M	5.0	Superb Product	1	1	This is easily the best piece of technology I have ever purchased. The only drawback I can think of is the camera resolution is challenged in the evening/when it's dark out. Otherwise, beautiful format, sleek operation, amazing resolution and HD. The size is absolutely perfect - you can easily operate it as you would a phone with using your thumbs for the keyboard. Fast response time, wonderful school/entertainment source. Incredible price for the product - I would never stop recommending this tablet.
R30FMLO9GW7FPD	5.0	and everything works great, so I must have received a (rare) dud ...	1	1	I had ordered and returned this item a few weeks ago because I was unable to download videos, even though I was connected to WiFi. I just re-ordered and received my new Kindle Fire HD 8 today, and everything works great, so I must have received a (rare) dud the first time. Love the new OS, and the bigger screen size. This new Fire is the replacement for my old Kindle Fire HD 7, which was a replacement for a first generation Fire, which was a replacement for my Kindle Keyboard...I love my Kindles!
RV4FYKOKDWNN1	1.0	Most disappointing Amazon buy in ten years	1	1	Terrible product. Nothing works consistently. Turns itself on and off. Last time wouldn't turn back on. I am returning everything I bought, extra sim card, extra memory, case, cover. I am so disappointed I don't have words for it. Do not buy it or the 10 apparently as made by someone else. I am only happy I still have my original Kindle HD. That works great! (even the usual applications like Xfinity Go don't work on this new one). This was NOT progress. Nice shape and weight. That's it. Bummed!
R159E83UJ2GVZP	5.0	Very useful device	1	1	The Fire HD 8 is a great device. I was using a paperwhite and started to feel it runs too slow so wanted to upgrade to something newer. I really like the new interface and enjoy reading magazines in color. The National Geographic on it is great. Newspapers like the Washington Post are very good on it too. I only wish it had a longer battery life. It does last all day for me and I charge it overnight. I still use it primarily to read books. I am glad I upgraded. I would recommend it.
R1J051OH956IOU	5.0	Love It!	1	1	This is a great product! Our iPad 2 was broken and I had very little interest in paying $600 for a new tablet for my 9 year old. We looked at the Fires and I did my research about app availability. The available apps are what she needs and wants. She opted for a smaller size and it fits much better in her hands. We got an inexpensive folio case that is working perfectly. In addition to all of this the iPad was our last I anything. Now everything charges with a micro USB connector.
R2LUE9JWVPSDFD	2.0	If you are fine with having nothing except the amazon apps it comes ...	1	1	The device itself is decent. If you are fine with having nothing except the amazon apps it comes with it is fine. The problem is software. This is incompatible with the majority of apps for no good reason. Most android games? Incompatible News apps? Incompatible Kindle fire Apps for the older fires? Incompatible It would be a great tablet at this price if it could actually run software. But a tablet without software just isn't very useful.
R35UXIEXDFOJEC	2.0	I really wanted to like this fire tablet	1	1	I really wanted to like this fire tablet. It is my third along with 3 kindles. However after several days I repeatedly had trouble loading video and many other features were slow to load. The tablet is a really nice size, video quality is fine and it has great sound for a tablet, but overall I have to say a big step back for Fire tablets. I am sending it back and sticking with my previous fire tablet. As always Amazon customer service was excellent and the return was super easy.
R1Q3QU0IRQ9VDU	5.0	Fire HD 8	1	1	The Fire HD 8 in my opinion is a perfect size for easy portability yet has a lot of functionality. The screen is amazingly clear and sharp, the colors seem to be unlimited. I use it for bedtime reading instead of my Paper-white as it is great for a bit of gaming, and and no eye strain. My Paper-white is best for me to carry in a handbag since I only like to read when away for daily activities. But this Fire HD 8 lets me choose to use it for much more without distraction.
R3JXJG6BZQ6OVK	5.0	Great For the Price!	1	1	Love this tablet! For about $150 this is one of my favorite purchases! I love the pink 8" size and think that any bigger would be too big for my petite little hands. The photo/video display is a little less grand than I was hoping for but again, worth the price. I love the setup and the new underground App Store! The plastic backing takes your fingerprints quickly but I actually really like the colorful plastic! I would definetly reccomend this to my friends and family!
R25DQT5P2RV3C3	4.0	Getting there	1	1	Have had the device now for a week,I like the device however I have to say I am disappointed that you can not store books on the SD card at this time. I hope that at some point this will be changed as there are some publishers that sell there own books outside of Amazon as e-books and I would like to be able to place then on the device as a library. The device does run about 8 hours off use before being a charge. So far I like the device will see how it holds up over time
R1SRSEDH6DMIHB	4.0	Saved by the firmware update.	1	1	Much better after the firmware update earlier this week. (Nov 2015) Before that it was slow and I hate it. I'm still getting used to the really restricted system as I am a Android person. It's good. Heck, for the price it's great. Though I wonder if I shouldn't have gotten a Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 instead since that would mirror what I have on my S4 phone better. All the Amazon services stuff is great. But the screen could get a little darker for reading in bed.
R1YD5BSFKNR8Q9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Awesome, not much more to say I bought my first kindle firehd7 3 r 4 years ago..this is just newer but still the same Amazon awesomeness I have come to rely on. Everything I need is right here at my fingertips. I seriously have not even turned on my main computer for honestly about 2-3 years. No need, kindle has everything I need and then some. I love, love, love it and wouldn't change it for anything..until of course it's time to buy my next Kindle I. 4 years or so...
R8O1H5PMJMHWI	4.0	Fire HD8	2	2	Nice display, easy to use and not too big. Nice value for your money.
RBOAIJAH1ETLU	4.0	I liked the way my old kindle worked	1	1	I liked the way my old kindle worked. I am NOT a fan of the eternal 'special offers' displayed every time I turn the thing on to read an ebook. Also some of the functionality I enjoyed in my old kindle is not here. Specifically, being to swipe to the next chapter. Instead I just get the next page. The formatting to the kindle from some of my magazine subscriptions is a bit awkward also. Oh well, better than not having a kindle at all.
R13VI5NZ8O2IHN	5.0	very very happy	2	2	Love it. right size. Light. great color. Easy to use. Recommend.
RTKZNR4ZBXOF6	3.0	Skip this version	1	1	Skip this version!!! I received this as a gift and this is my second Kindle. I was really excited because I really liked my first Kindle Fire; long lasting battery life, easy to navigate, easy to delete/download stuff and junk; however, I was a bit disappointing with new version. The screen is glitchy and battery life is TERRIBLE! I guess the color is supposedly better, but to be honest, I can't tell the difference as compare with my first Kindle Fire.
R202Y906KSB7IK	4.0	This tablet seems great in the first few weeks that I've had it	1	1	This tablet seems great in the first few weeks that I've had it. For the price ($150) it is FAR better than some other tablets out there in that range. The picture is great. The sound/speakers are probably the biggest plus for me--they sound improbably clear and loud for their size. Very happy with the sound. The Amazon content (ads, reminders, shortcuts to their stores/sites) is pretty in-your-face, but that's how it's marketed and should be expected.
R2IF8WEX3Q1JZK	3.0	This Kindle Fire is an excellent device!	1	1	This Kindle Fire is an excellent device!! I have given it three stars due to the battery life of this product. I have 2 other kindle fires that I have had for 2 plus years and the battery life is AMAZING!, but this new fire battery dies soooo fast! I can have it completely charged and start playing my games or reading and in about 2 hours I'm at 25%!! For me, a person who is always on the go, This DOES NOT work for me. Other than that, great device.
R3VEUGPCAGPMIK	2.0	Display is wonderful and is fairly easy to use	1	1	Display is wonderful and is fairly easy to use. The issue I am.having is battery life. My 2nd edition Kindle did not need charging daily, but a couple hours reading and a few games and I am having to recharge. Also, the device is slow to respond when opening, well, anything. Books once downloaded can take 15 to 20 seconds and apps have taken 30...and the device is brand new. So very sad that the new one is no where as worthy as thet old one.
RER5PFES0G7G	5.0	I am very pleased.	2	2	So-far, so-good. No issues, hardware holds up, I am very pleased.
R3OTQE856UN9PZ	5.0	What a great tablet !	2	2	Just the right size, nice HD screen and the price is sooo right !
R2WPZBSTCDTDR1	5.0	I'm hooked...	1	1	Love, love, love this! I have Fire Stick TV and this together and just love the combination. I really enjoy reading on this and the font is large enough for me without having to adjust it. Movies and apps? Amazing. I have been a Nook fan for years. I'm pretty sure I just permanently switched. I love the ease of use, everything is where I expect it to be, really not sure what else I can say. I'm really enjoying everything about this so far.
R3GNMFA0S5SD1E	4.0	I like everything about it so far except for the fact ...	1	1	I like everything about it so far except for the fact it won't let me install Chrome as my browser. I have Chrome installed on 2 laptops running Linux, 2 laptops running windows 10, 1 laptop running widows 7, 1 Chromebook, my phone, and my Samsun tablet but the Fire will not let me install it. It won't be my primary or favorite tablet until I am able to install Chrome as my browser. I am not very enamored with Silk as a browser.
R1DVPUW1KLXWFW	3.0	Slower than my 29.99 RCA tablet!	1	1	This is a great tablet and it would get 5 stars but I've noticed that since I have been using the Wi-fi it has been considerably slow. Even places with a good signal I get buffering. Also, the fact that everything on this tablet is kind of set up for you to spend money makes it a bit gimmicky in my opinion. Other than that it's an ok tablet but by it being advertised as an entertainment tablet I thought it would be a lot faster
R2NAYNHVX9DH8L	5.0	Excellent replacement for older model Kindle	1	1	Received this on Friday after my old Kindle Fire HD 8.9 died. First reactions are quite positive. I like the size of this Kindle. The price is very attractive. The screen resolution is fantastic. Streaming over Wifi is excellent. I really like the no ads version, and being able to personalize the wall paper with my own photos. Thank you, Amazon, for this fix. Many improvements. I recommend this as a replacement to older models.
R2ISV1VPUQOTDR	3.0	Still satisfied but less so	9	13	Initial impression is very favorable. This is my 3rd Kindle. So, already familiar with the Fire platform. The HD 8 definitely shows improvement over earlier versions. Really enjoying the additional space. Setup was nicely guided and very smooth. Controls as simple and straight forward. There are lots of mini-tutorials to guide you along. Had some difficulty connecting to my very old router. Have been dropping internet connection. Other wireless devices seem to be working but just OK. Occasionally my phones WiFi drops as well. Issue appears to be signal strength. Probably time to upgrade my router. More later. After working with the new Fire HD 8 for a few weeks, I am still relatively satisfied with it but do have some criticisms. Most annoying is that it appears to lose its connection after a few minutes of inactivity. Subsequent activity just spins and does not even time out. Only a reboot will allow re-establishment of connection. Ruled out my local network, since this behavior occurs on other networks. Also, having read about how the Fire works in conjunction with Amazon servers causes me concern about overall security. Seems like they have compromised security. So, I won't feel comfortable using the Fire for any important transactions or activity. Also a little annoyed with ads for games and video being pushed at me. Still, for what I typically use it for it will be OK.
R34W1G8SVRA1GS	4.0	Great for Kids	1	1	I got it for my kids. It's great. With profiles, I can give my kids a device with no chance of having apps or other data deleted, starting phone calls, or other such accidents. Amazon makes it easy to set up. If Amazon made it play nice with the Google Play ecosystem so that I could easily load Google applications, it would be 5 stars. I understand their rationale, but they should also understand mine. Amazon maps? Really...?
R2O85SMKK48EWR	5.0	Kindle Fire 8 w/wi fi and 8GB	1	1	I really love the Kindle Fire 8 w/wi fi and 8GB. It's very light weight compared to my first kindle and the response time is much quicker. I find that I can do most functions that my friends do on i-Pad, at much less the cost. That being said, I am not a techie, so my review is based on someone who is an experienced computer user for business applications (desktop mainly) . All in all, a good buy at the price
R11VSJJNG4QZMS	5.0	My husband said he thinks it's glued to my hand.	1	1	I had a 7"and now I have a 8". I enjoyed both. I love the kindle. I can do anything I want on it that is why I bought a 2nd one. I read a lot of books, and my kindle keeps track of all my books so I don't have 2of anything . I really like that! I play my games. I like that I can order from Amazon if I need anything. It's safe and friendly. I will buy a 3rd if and when I need to.I love, love, my kindle.
R3Q850E48RTBON	3.0	I liked my previous kindle which looked more squarish	1	1	You get what you pay for.Kindle looks very cheap and they have changed the orientation from the previous generations. I liked my previous kindle which looked more squarish. I dont see any improvements in speed. Ofcourse the main reason I got this one was because the previous kindle stopped working and amazon had no replacement parts to any of the Kindle products, I am hoping the same doesnt happen to this one.
R2AC884SZ9JE9N	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	I love it. I wish there was some directions included however
R2R1QL4LMP46N	1.0	Don't buy if you are looking for upgrade....gonna be disappointed...	1	1	I have two versions of the older HDX...it out performs this one without a doubt....the 8" has very poor wifi connections....I have had the HDX and new 8" hd side by side...wifi signal on HDX nearly 100% signal on hd 20%.....download to unit very poor...after downloading several movies they seem to disappear or cannot be viewed due to errors...great idea amazon..poor running system...sending back.
R24HAH93HKRD1Q	4.0	A Good Not Great Basic Tablet	1	1	A good basic tablet at this price point. Best hardware feature is the sound quality which I would rate a 5. Screen resolution is ok. My Amazon Fire HDX 7 inch is on its last legs but it's screen resolution rates a 5. I would rate the Fire HD 8 inch's resolution a 3. If I had a choice I would be willing to lose an inch off the tablet and bump up the resolution to HDX standards for a few dollars more.
R2WR28CEC51FMM	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Best Kindle I've ever owned, thanks for the prompt delivery
R3FIDVL4WX7UKN	5.0	Fire HD 8" Great tablet.	1	1	Love this little thing. Its great when I don't want to use my laptop. It gets the job done well Amazon also has a ton of apps for it. Only thing I question I have is suppose to be 16GB but it really is only 12GB seems like is a lot of useless stuff added. 4GB is a lot. But hey I bought the sd card so storage isn't a issue.. Still worth the money has a quality picture and all the features needed..
RM3A4R6N58NCI	5.0	They Get Better	1	1	The new Fire HD 8 is as those previous models in that they are always a big step in in all areas. Size, weight, brightness, ease of use and convenience. This is what we use for all of our communication and info. This works as well as a lap top and is a whole world more usable and light. I make this statement after four weeks in Europe during Sept. and Oct. of this year using an older model.
REMJ22HUF58ZV	1.0	It's nice that Amazon wants only its apps but the grandson ...	1	1	If I had known that I could not access the games from Google to put on this tablet, I would not have bought it. It's nice that Amazon wants only its apps but the grandson I bought it for had favorites that he can no longer have. What's with this exclusive limited access? I think that should be one of the things that a customer is told up front. Amazon is all you can download. Bummer.
R1OSTSDPU2XTQ4	4.0	Almost There	1	1	I am a great fan of the Fire tablets, and the HD 8 is no exception. Performance and graphics are great. I do have one complaint. I absolutely detest the high gloss super slick back on this model. What were you people thinking? It's a fingerprint magnet, and it makes this tablet much too easy to slide off your lap and on to the floor. Put a mat finish on and it would be perfect.
R6NAQGQQ6TPQW	5.0	Video streaming is excellent, the sound coming from the internal speakers is ...	1	1	Who needs an expensive iPad? Not me. Does everything I would have bought an iPad for plus stores my Kindle books which I have been collecting for years. Video streaming is excellent, the sound coming from the internal speakers is surprisingly good. The size is just right to be portable and perfect to watch a movie. Battery life is ok, lasts several hours in streaming mode. Love it!
R1GMOGE6NRYUVC	4.0	This product is a good product but if you are used to a Samsung ...	1	1	This product is a good product but if you are used to a Samsung tablet it is hard to get used to. Everything is definitely amazon based and there are a lot of app buttons to begin with. Customizing seems a little difficult. This product is light weight. You can put Netflix and Hulu on but there is no you tube app. I like the product but it will take some getting used to.
R2YD0FPHX6V8DE	4.0	Four Stars	2	2	This is a great unit for us older people with bad eyes.
R2FWTP3JBGOMZM	4.0	High Resolution Meets Needs	1	1	This is a replacement for an older Kindle. I was looking for a high def resolution since I'm using my older Kindle a lot and was getting headaches. I'm pleased that the higher def has helped significantly. I'm finding the ability to locate books a little reduced because it's not as easy to use as my old one. I hope this will improve in time. Otherwise, I like it a lot.
R2ABLTB95WHAX2	5.0	Am very happy with my new Kindle!!!	1	1	I am happy with my new kindle. Still getting used to some of the changes and it does seem a tad slow but all in all I am very happy. I love the travertine color I bought! I went ahead and bought the cover even though it is pricey. The cover makes a line across the screen and I am concerned it will permanently mark it so I am ordering a protective cover for the screen.
RDIG37KTLDWNZ	1.0	Not happy.	1	1	I don't like it. This is the fourth kindle that I have purchased and I have lived them all but not this one. My Wi-Fi connection goes off and on the entire time I am trying to use it and it is slow....very slow. I wish that I could just get the charging plug in my old one repaired and keep it. I have already swapped it out for another but that has not fixed the problem.
R2G6TAZ7P64JK8	5.0	Kindle Fire just keeps on getting better and better.	1	1	It is wonderful to explore and use my Fire HD 8. It travels well and can be used for many day-to-day chores. It has taken precedence over my laptop in every use. Since our household has more than one Fire, we often share and trade. We especially appreciate the local news and weather access. Of course, the book library, movies and games that keep on coming are great.
R2L5KLCPQFV51U	1.0	Save your money	7	10	I bought this assuming it was a new improved kindle. Wrong wrong wrong. It is a at least a step back, maybe two from the kindle fire HDX. The text and graphics are grainy, it is slow and the battery runs down too fast. The size is awkward and had to default it twice to get through the setup. I had a replacement sent because I thought something was wrong with it, only to find the second one was the same. Customer service was great though.
R3OF1NZ151PECV	3.0	As an Amazon Content consumption device it is a nice product. Works great as a reader	13	19	As an Amazon Content consumption device it is a nice product. Works great as a reader, works great consuming subscription info and any other Amazon service. Where this falls down is as a productivity device. Accessing core cloud services from google is a major gap. I extensively use Google Drive, Docs, Sheets, Etc. and this is completely unsupported without rooting. Thus it is a pretty limited device. For the price though, it is not bad. Just wish i didn't need to buy/carry another device. In fact my first Gen Nexus 7 is a better general platform.
R1YWQ70JNU624S	5.0	Another good one	1	1	I forget how many Fires I've bought, but each one is better than the last! I love that this one is so light weight. Didn't notice any difference in brightness, clarity, or color from the last one, but it's not something I'd critique unless it was worse. Doesn't seem as easy to navigate as the last, but it may just be a matter of getting used to it.
RXOTW0IFLDQHZ	2.0	Returning.....	1	1	What a huge disappointment! Back to Amazon this goes and I'll stick with my 7" HDX. Horribly slow and sluggish with measurable lags between screens. A number of my favorite apps wouldn't work. Awkward size. Slick plastic back that scratches easily and is hard to hold on to. Like the new look and navigation, but doesn't make up for the poor performance.
R3QOVA8HTJ93UZ	4.0	But all is good. I hope soon	1	1	This is my first tablet. I am still getting used to apps vs. Internet Explorer windows. But all is good. I hope soon, I can pay to have the special advertising turned off. Would have liked to buy it that way, but it only came in black model at the start. The Tangerine is very bright. Great for University of Florida, Auburn, and Clemson Alumni and fans!
R3P9NU9ZCQFAH3	3.0	Disappointing.	3	4	Unimpressive! We've owned about every device Amazon has made and this is the first time I've been disappointed. I'm experiencing extremely slow response time even after hard reboots. The user interface is more confusing than it needs to be, although I am glad they got rid of the carousel. None of the tech books on Amazon refer to this newest version. I'm pretty frustrated right now.
RP7RFPAQRPUD1	1.0	Worst Kindle ever!!	3	4	This is the worst Kindle, and I have had more than my share. It's the first time I have returned a Kindle. It doesn't hold power, and there doesn't seem to be anyone who can answer questions about it. Accessing what you want is difficult because all those icons you see on the picture? There doesn't seem to be any way to get rid of them. Or at least no one knows of a way.
R12TIW9GLMY0BJ	1.0	Tried customer service - useless.	1	1	If I could give this zero stars I would. Extremely slow. Tells me to connect with wifi, but indicates wifi is connected and the icon is lit. Only my kindle books are available; cannot get Prime videos or movies. I'll keep trying for about another week, if no progress then this piece of **** is going to be returned. Tried customer service - useless.
R1SJ38LIOFBRTC	2.0	The clarity of the screen is very crips and beautiful, however the batter life is very very poor	1	1	The clarity of the screen is very crips and beautiful, however the batter life is very very poor. Got home last night at 7pm, watched tv show videos on and off until 11pm and the battery completely drained/died on me. I am returning, but like the item otherwise (but refuse to be tethered to a very short charging cable) while I watch/use the Fire.
RIPDK6F3E6KY	3.0	Poor Wifi Connections	1	1	I am very happy with the graphics, the light weight, ease of moving from app to app. I am very unhappy with the WiFi capability it is definitely weaker than previous Kindle fire and my MacBook Air. I have sat at the same desk with all three devices and had no trouble getting on line with old kindle and MacBook and the Fire HD 8 cannot connect.
R1TPR25GDEXDW	5.0	capable device for a reasonable price	1	1	This is a good device for entertainment purposes. Not top of the line display or performance, but great value for what you pay. You also be happy to take advantage of your Amazon prime content on the road when you do not have access to WiFi thanks to the Microsoft memory, just get a fast card so you do not have to wait too long for downloads
R20409XV90HZ32	2.0	I am extremely disappointed that photographs cannot be sorted by name order	1	1	I am extremely disappointed that photographs cannot be sorted by name order, nor by date taken order, only the order that they were uploaded. The Kindle Fire is very commercialized. There are often advertisements on the screen, and various books and music are listed that I have not purchased, in an attempt to get me to buy them.
R3DQ8VPYX32U38	5.0	wonderful.well worth the money.	1	1	Love it. Affordable, has everything I need, is easy to use. It's durable, lightweight and fast. Owned first generation fire, used till battery went dead every day. Goes everywhere with me in my purse. Used for books, games, alarm clock, Facebook and Yahoo. Now with new fire hd8 have camera, longer life battery, lighter weight. I love it.
R2M85YMGKSJS40	2.0	HD7 was faster.	1	1	So disappointed in this. This is my third fire and I bought this to upgrade my HD7. While the screen is nice and I do like the weight savings, this thing is SLOW. It literally takes FaceBook 15 seconds to load every time. So frustrating. I'm very close to grabbing my HD7 out of storage and going back to it. It was a better tablet.
R3NVKB66TG7DOZ	5.0	Upgraded and Happy!	1	1	I recently made an upgrade from a Fire HD 7. I never thought that I could be happier than I was with my original, but I love this new version. It is taking some getting used to, as the home screen is set up very much different than the old Kindle. Overall there are many improvements and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to read.
R2IGQ05ARIFOK2	5.0	Great even if it were 300.00	1	1	I don't understand how anyone would complain? This smokes everything in its class! Hangs with my iPad mini no problem! Kills my Samsung tab 8.4 zenpad 8 etc...this guy is reliable smooth and has plenty of torque to pull off a lot of tascks! Solid reliable malware resistant !!!love it like my iPad! The little fire 7 is awesome as well!
R1PFB8INXOWU0X	1.0	Keep your old one.	3	4	My friend bought both the 8 and 10 for us to try out. Both are being returned. The 10" is to awkward to hold, software lacking, very slow and battery only gets about 4 hours. Amazon needs to go back to the drawing board a nd come up with something else. I have purchased 5 Kindled and been satisfied with each This is a loser.
R3ADDNXO39062E	1.0	My old Kindle Fire was working just fine. I guess newer is not always better	1	1	This Fire HD was extremely slow. This kindle takes a long time to power up and extremely long time to open any app. I was using the same internet connection I was using with my old Kindle Fire. My old Kindle Fire was working just fine. I guess newer is not always better. I sent this back within the next two weeks of receiving it.
RL67EWNB7NGJA	5.0	Greatly improved.	6	8	Nice large screen and easier to told. Happy to own it.
R1J1O0X4B63KGW	3.0	Giant step backward	1	1	Incredibly slow and unresponsive. It seams that each new kindle that is introduced is a step backwards. Battery life poor also. It does what it's supposed to but in a very laborious manner. I'm staying away from any new products until they start making forward progress again. I replaced my HDX because it froze about 5 times a day.
R21OLR9A4NS612	5.0	Excellent purchase and device	1	1	Excellent purchase and device. My wife is on it almost every waking minute. We haven't even scratched the surface on its full potential yet. All the reviews about it are deserved. Not enough time in the day to explore all the available apps, and the ones we picked are just great. Thanks Amazon for taking care of your customers.
RG49R5VWQCO2	5.0	I like everything about the Fire HD8	1	1	I like everything about the Fire HD8, except you can't put apps from other than Amazon, on the Kindle, especially one called Xfinity Connect,which allows me to...1-answer the phone, 2-email, 3-move emails to a folder, 4-make calls...very handy. Other than that I love Kindle... All 3 I have, and use a lot. Thanks for them all!!!
R1PFUO2DDTF6TN	3.0	9 HDX Kindle is much better. I think it's a much easier to use ...	1	1	I really think the 8.9 HDX Kindle is much better. I think it's a much easier to use and not so cluttered with the apps on the main screen. Docs seem harder to find when they are downloaded. I'm still going to keep the HD 8 and just keep it for books. I do a lot more with the HDX, like mail, surf the net, music, audible etc.
R1O8EAHNY9D9D9	5.0	I LOVE IT !!!	1	1	I love...love...love my new Kindle. I've had the original Fire HD, and the HD7 prior to this one. By far this is the best one. Most of the functionality is the same with some upgrades. Changing from the basic carousel to individual pages is a great addition and is more user-friendly​. And I so love the orange color choice :-)
R2ET6MOT2WZK1K	3.0	Nice screen and lightweight	1	1	Nice screen and lightweight. Would not connect to my Bluetooth speaker. Did not like the the home screen layout or the way it worked. Definitely not an upgrade from the Kindle FIRE HD, which I was counting on, so I returned it. Love my Kindle FIRE, hope it lasts till a new Kindle comes out or I might have to go with the Ipad.
ROKQCOVSA442H	5.0	but this one is light years better. Seems easier to use	1	1	Purchased this for my wife. We have a previous version, but this one is light years better. Seems easier to use. I was losing my mind with her complaints about computer problems with 10.1. Now, hardly any at all. All her programs and games are on kindle rather than a laptop. no problems yet. I'm gong to get a 10 inch for me.
R31O1V6YA986M9	2.0	Don't know when I been more disappointed in an Amazon Product	3	4	Don't know when I been more disappointed in an Amazon Product. I bought this to use with my Wordsearch Bible, my Outlook address book and writings that I have saved in Microsoft Word. It is not compatible with anything.I contacted Amazon support and never heard from them. I been with Amazon a lot of years and feel like I've been let down.
R2LTW448I9LNZE	5.0	Nice upgrade	1	1	This met all my expectations. I like that it allows more data to be stored on a SD card. It does not have Mayday, But seems simple enough. Its size is very good for travel and I am happy I did not get the larger size. I have the smaller Fire and the 8.9 fire, But I seem always running up against the size limits.
R34O873W8MKMYE	4.0	Kindle lover	1	1	Still getting used to it. Love the slim design. Wish it was set up like my first kindle. I do love using a kindle because I am not tech savvy and this is definitely made for people like me. The cord it comes with is way to short, wish my the cord I already have would fit. The support you get from Amazon is wonderful
R2MKF8QJWPE46Q	4.0	Love this tablet for the price	1	1	Love this tablet for the price. Only issue I have is that despite upgrading memory with an SD card many of the apps and games I download put info on the tablet still. 8gb goes fast when over 2gb are used for system software that can't be deleted. Had I known this i would have paid a bit more for the 16gb option.
R198PGVN9QAIOC	3.0	Too much junk.	2	2	Amazon has installed too many advertisements.
R2825ETN6RKLWS	5.0	Great tablet	1	1	I really love my new Fire. I gave up on my Nexus 7 after Google's operating system's "upgrades" made it virtually inoperable. The Fire is perfect for what I use it for, games, video streaming, music, email. The camera takes very good photos. For the $, this is better than I could have imagined.
R3580YGGVBIB0I	3.0	It's ok. I don't use it a lot.	1	1	Beautiful display and perfect size! I love the huge selection of ebooks available! However it is not compatible with most of my favorite apps (No google or instagram!!!) And it only has one camera... on the front...(screen side,think selfies only) Also, every time I unlock it I have to swipe past an ad.
R2SWQTJGANMUCX	4.0	Love the new Kindle Fire HD 8	1	1	I really like the size and slimness of the new kindle fire hd8. It fits in my purse nicely! I like that it is more like a tablet that an e-reader. I have had fun exploring all the features. My other kindle was the first Kindle fire and needless to say the new Kindle fire hd8 is a great improvement.
R394WB3UNXYG4I	4.0	... a couple days ago so I haven't had a good chance to evaluate it	1	1	I just received it a couple days ago so I haven't had a good chance to evaluate it, but so far so good. I like the clarity of the display and the fact that it is back lit. The pages turn easier than my Kindle Reader. I just bought a cover and that will make it easier to hold when I read in bed.
R37LM2JB1LDPC0	4.0	Great streaming video not audio.	1	1	The Fire 8.8 HD was great for movies and all other normal on-line uses. I did not like the selections for "sleep" mode which didn't include a "never" selection. This caused my audio streaming to cut off after, I think it was, 30 minutes. I also think the speakers could be louder.
R15K6O9I5BTP7X	3.0	I'm most disappointed in the battery life	1	1	Had an older Kindle Fire that was damaged, so ordered this new version. While the graphics and features are much more impressive, I'm most disappointed in the battery life. It is probably no more than 50% the capacity of my older Fire. Can't even watch 3 movies before needs charged again!!!!
R3844SHOA2JJAR	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	just 10 stars for this.wish I could buy a hand held guide book, to navigate through this.the graphics are outstanding the weight is great, the colors are out of sight,But no HAND HELD GUIDE to help to learn all the great features on it. And the volume is very clear, 10 stars for this product.
RF58CYZBZ9ZRB	5.0	Five Stars	6	8	Simple to use. Ready to go out of the box! 😁
R22BR5LHCC0KQ7	5.0	Excellent Value!	1	1	I am very happy with this Latest Kindle! Granted I am upgrading from the first Kindle made, but after reading some reviews I was worried. I must say that this performs as advertised! Does everything well, at a very affordable price. Hopefully this will last as well as my last one.
R2RMOMNV82H7XZ	4.0	Bigger Screen But Doesn't Hold Charge as Well as My Previous Fire HD	1	1	Doesn't hold the charge as well as my previous Fire HD7 did (which died after less than 2 years). It is thinner and lighter. Wish I could get rid of some of the icons that clutter up the screen. The larger size is good for magazines - I've given up print ones wherever possible.
R340TSHL0QUKAW	4.0	... learning how to use it but so far I love it. I'm not good at electronics but so ...	1	1	I'm still learning how to use it but so far I love it. I'm not good at electronics but so far I've made a playlist on Amazon music and I downloaded a movie from Prime to watch in a place without wifi. It works great! I also have books downloaded from the kindle lending library.
R19YMSI0IV29O2	5.0	I like it. I got it early Christmas present	1	1	I like it. I got it early Christmas present. I can't wait to really get into it. I would say it is better than any other tablet and. I have tried a lot of them.I like the help line that helps you out. They are sweet people every time. I ask for help they were there every time.
R2ZG1KADBBB57W	4.0	So far, so good - except for battery life...	1	1	So far I am fairly happy with it - although the battery life SEEMS to be much shorter than advertised (hence 4, not 5 stars) but as we have multiple devices and therefor access to multiple chargers, so far that has not been an issue. And definitely do like the color as well!
RICKUZHP5VB7U	3.0	OK but need update!!	3	4	I'm sure once they fix all the problems with an update it might be better! Battery does not last as long as they say it should. I'm always having to charge it. I've already had to factory reset it, something was causing it to turn off suddenly for no reason. . Size is perfect for me
R2OWMGD0BMWPRG	4.0	I found the 8 uses far more battery than my ...	1	1	I found the 8 uses far more battery than my 7 and takes almost twice as long to charge. I did not find it any easier to navigate or do anything the 7 didn't, for that matter. It is bigger and easier to read/watch movies. I find myself using the 7 more than the 8, however.
RF33EY5BQHUJ5	3.0	OK for the price, but not really worth it	1	1	Slow, quirky, and poor battery life. So far I've been pretty disappointed with this fire tablet. My wife and kids have older generations that seem much quicker in terms of processing speed, and have WAY better battery life. This tablet will barely last a day on a charge.
R168TYSO9KQ4TM	5.0	Amazon does it again!!!	3	4	Amazon makes the best tablets hands down! They are reasonably priced and thin and light weight. I love the Kindle Fire HD 8! I would recommend this device to anyone looking for a great tablet to read and watch movies on! And it comes with a micro sd port to expand the storage!
R1BA9YD5T8WJ3S	5.0	Excellent clarity	13	19	The clarity is awesome. The negatives I have experienced are: while reading FB postings, the page will jump back to the beginning post on the page and I can be 20 postings down and I was reading another post and the screen went completely white and stayed that way for some time. Hope this doesn't keep happening
RX4CYFKTQK6L7	5.0	Great tablet Great price	1	1	What a deal! I bought this to replace an older version of my Kindle Fire that I had 'handed down' to my husband when I got an iPad. Much faster and lighter than the old one. The price is fantastic as well. I like this as well as my iPad at a fraction of the price!
R31DQCID3RD4P	3.0	Serendipity of FIRE	1	1	I had refused to buy a "tablet" because they lacked usefulness; but won a FIRE and have enjoyed "playing with it", but still not certain of its long term viability ... of course I was the last guy to buy a microwave and I now I live in it, so ....
R174W3Q8J4Z7WQ	5.0	The Fire 8 was purchased for a visually handy caped ...	1	1	The Fire 8 was purchased for a visually handy caped person who was an avid reader prior to her eye problem. The 6 & 7 inch units do not give sufficient space for enlarged text and the Fire 10 is too large for her to handle. So far the Fire 8 Is doing what we need.
R3BKPUJECDQ9TF	3.0	like video library	1	1	would have been higher but having problems finding support for specific issues, like video library, kindle questions, and just some miscellaneous nuances that probably could be dealt with a manual or at least a help screen that will let you talk to someone
R1CXIOIW6VXK0G	5.0	Love it	1	1	Love my kindle fire 8!! I tried the iPad mini and was so frustrated with Apple and all the "pluses" that I had it less than a day and took it back. I highly recommend this kindle even though you might not read much it's still a helpful electronic.
R1W6B35QG3L3LO	4.0	I'm happy with the HD 8	1	1	I'm happy with the HD 8. I was determined to have a pink one so I put up with the ads for a couple of weeks. I went ahead and paid the $15.00 to have the ads removed. I like to better than an older version I had. I love the clear pictures this takes too.
RMNERXIJGEOOV	5.0	Fire HD 8,, 8" HD Display, wi--fi, 16 GB	1	1	It is wonderful! I check my emails, Facebook, play games, etc. anytime day or night. Whatever I can do on my computer I can do on my fire hd and I don't have to be at my computer desk. I have two, an 8" and a 10". Oh, and it makes great pictures.
R3FAZ9CV3A4SLI	5.0	Orange Fire 8" HD features external SDHC storage slot	0	0	I forget how long I've owned this particular FIRE HD, but seems like it was in the summertime it arrived. I have two FIRE HDs larger than this, and they both have 64g storage. This HD 8 only has 16g storage. I got it in ORANGE, so I could find it easier. The bright color is a nice touch. Oh, about the storage. For the first time, Amazon included a SDHC card slot for adding external storage to some of the FIRES, including this one. Therefore, I am not sacrificing storage capacity by accepting a mere 16g of internal storage. I added a 128g SDHC to the slot. Naturally, some things are not transferable to the SDHC card, but I'm not concerned with space-hogging memory-hogging games or social apps or email and such as that. I'm not even concerned with storing photos on this device--although it does have a front and back facing camera feature. I have other Kindle FIREs that I use to watch movies or Prime Videos, or music. I play a couple of games on here--Solitaire, Freecell, Mahjong Prime--and it is light weight enough that my wrist does not tire when I play them to relax before I go to sleep at night. This is a great general purpose FIRE HD, I'd call it a basic model in a small format, Extremely affordable and a good choice if you are not sure how much you or someone on your gift list will use it. Or if you wish to take really casual photos, even short videos. It is designed to be linked to your Amazon account, of course, which means your book/video/music purchases are always available for download even if you are not a Prime Member. Whether there is storage (on Amazon) for free of photos taken with this device,without Prime Membership, I cannot say. There are so many new developments in the Kindle devices that it is hard to stay abreast of things. There is a smaller Kindle FIRE HD available, but it does not feature external storage via SDHC slot. I also have one of those, and at $99 i(the price I paid anyway) t is a real bargain if cost is the major consideration. Personally, I enjoy the 8" HD ...after several months of service, even drops off my lap when I fall asleep, it keeps on working. It connects flawlessly via WiFi, and when I turn on Bluetooth it pairs quickly. I can carry it in my purse easily, and with the external storage, I can load enough reading and listening from my Amazon and Audible libraries to keep me occupied for many days if need be. Give it a try.
RDDY555ZII8CN	1.0	Poor WI-FI performance using 5ghz	0	0	Returned due to poor Wi-Fi performance when using 5gz. This is my second HD8, The first one had the same problem! The issue is when you hold the tablet in landscape orientation and you hold it by the left side (button side), the Wi-Fi signal drops to a single segment and this is with me sitting about 12 feet from my router! I can replicate this with my work Wi-Fi and with a friends Wi-Fi! I have other tablets with 5ghz that this does not happen to them no matter ho I hold them. When I switch to a 2.4ghz account , this does not happen! I spent over an hour with tech support who then sent my issue to development. I was supposed to hear back from them in 2-3 days. I gave them a week, but no reply, so I asked to exchange for a new one... When the new one arrived, it did the same thing!! Once again, I tried it with multiple routers at different locations and I still lost the signal only when in landscape and only in 5ghz!! So today I called to get a refund because at this point I think it might be a design flaw. I spent a total of 45 minutes on the phone trying to get a refund. The reps wanted me to accept an 80% refund since I was over my 30 day window !! Keep in mind this replacement was received on November the 9th and today is November 21st!! The rep stated that the 30 day starts with the original fire that I had already returned!! After some pressure on my part, they finally agreed to a full refund. This is the first time I have every had an issue with a return, so I will let forgive Amazon this time. In closing, I have purchased 6 or seven fire tablets starting with the original fire and this is the only one that I have ever had a major issue with. It also seems to lag in general, which I probably could have dealt with, but the Wi-Fi issue, to me, is a deal breaker!!
R14ZT096SA957Z	4.0	Great tablet even though I had different expectations.	0	0	It's an android, and it has Google Play, but I prefer a different browser, and there are some apps (i.e. ESPN app) I would like to download that are not compatible with the Fire. I guess that's Amazon protecting their brand name. Also there are apps I use more often and would like to have a screen for just my favorites. The Home screen does not allow you to remove, nor rearrange app icons that I'll never use. And this is probably operator error, but I removed my downloaded games somehow from my games page and I do not know how to get them back up top. I'm not an android or computer genius, but I can usually navigate all types of electronics pretty well. There are just some issues I haven't worked through yet. Now this sounds like a lot of complaints so you're wondering why I gave it a 4☆. The Fire HD 8 is a very nice tablet. The screen is clear and I do enjoy the 8" screen size (vs. the 7"). I enjoy the ability to play games, watch movies, and pull up work documents. I like the slim design vs. the bulkier, non-Fire design. We bought my son a 10" RCA with a keyboard and it's so bulky. Add a case to that and he might as well carry a laptop with him. This size is a great compromise between my android phone and my laptop. My husband and I both got one, and even though there aren't a lot of cases yet for it I was able to get one that's perfect for my style to add some color to my black tablet. My husband got an orange one and is happy with his. The one downside to the cases that we purchased is that if you tuck the case under to stand it up horizontally, it puts your tablet on sleep mode. This happens anytime you adjust it in this position too. However if you cover the screen with the case, it also puts it in sleep mode, which is preferable to me. But that's the case, not the tablet.
R92EXL5W6B6BL	4.0	Awesome screen and easy to use	1	1	So far I'm really happy with it. It's been really easy to use and the screen is awesome, much clearer than my old Android tablet. The only concern I have is how durable it is going to be. I take it every where I go so I'm glad I bought the warranty.
RZXYZEZU3W9QK	2.0	freeze ups	2	2	Lots of problems,the tab freezes up
RX0UNELFH9FG	5.0	Still awesome	1	1	So far so good.. love the bigger screen...however did have to stop playing a game I liked city story because it's not compatible...but maybe it will be later...setup is completely different...this is my 5th kindle...love amazon and the kindle..
R16MV0VOF1C5KM	5.0	best gift ever	1	1	best gift ever. I have a disease that lays me up from time to time. So when I can't get on my computer, my kids SURPRISED m with this GREAT gift so I can go online, web search, emails, print wireless, all kinds of things. It's fantastic!!!
R2NA3RZC763OLC	3.0	It is not Intuitive for anyone over 35!!!!	1	1	My problem is I don't know how to use the danged thing and there are no directions!! My generation needs directions!! I will have to watch a youtube video and try to learn, but so far I've had no time. I can't even Bookmark or anything yet!!!
R2VXND6BF9D5MF	4.0	Fire HD 8	5	7	Too soon to tell for sure, having only used it a couple of days. The resolution is outstanding and unit seems very responsive. My first tablet so time will tell. I've only used Apple products in the past so this is new to me in some respects.
R2MG8SW24WLVME	1.0	it is super sensitive and jumpy	1	1	This item is too big and heavy; I wish it was the size of my first Kindle Fire. Also, it is super sensitive and jumpy, moving ahead before I am ready to turn the page. How can I correct this tendency? Please advise! Thanks, G Steadman
RAITB4KQGVD7M	5.0	Fantastic customer service!	1	1	The customer service rep was so nice and answered all of my questions. I love my new Kindle Fire HD and the fact that is is a lovely color. My new Kindle is much lighter and easier to hold than the 1st generation model I was replacing.
R26A2RF20V3FKO	3.0	Not an Android Replacement	3	4	Solid hardware, excellent screen, super thin and lightweight. However the amazon Appstore is lacking a lot of the apps and things from the google play store. Do not buy this if you are looking for something to replace an android tablet.
R2RKFSZ24LND40	3.0	Really easy set up and decent speed	1	1	Really easy set up and decent speed. However the display is definitely a disappointment. Not close to the sharpness of my original Fire HD. The size of the screen will allow me to read certain things better, so I will probably keep it.
R118NPEIE2XXMB	4.0	Good job!	1	1	I like the thinness of it. It's bigger, and smaller at the same time. I had to accustom myself to the layered carousel. I was used to the navigation on the 7 inch Fire HD. This bigger screen is better, naturally, to watch videos.
R3HX5CBTHWWM92	4.0	Good for its price, and probably enough for most people. Not the best around by any means.	2	3	This is a tablet of compromise; there's no doubt about it. Your happiness with this tablet will depend on how willing you are to handle compromise. OS 5 is the closest that Amazon has ever gotten to a core Android experience. The settings app and the app launcher are a bit different than stock Android, and it all definitely works better when you have Amazon's products, ebooks, instant video, audiobooks, etc. Many apps still have kinks to work out. For instance, if you are listening to Audible's in-book narration and you get a notification, then the book will continue flip pages even though the narration has stopped. It is impossible to log in via the YouTube app. Switching between bulky applications will sometimes prompt a 1.5 - 2 second wait while the tablet thinks about it. Scrolling down complex webpages will sometimes cause the tablet to momentarily stutter. This will probably bother Apple people more than it will Android people. As the previous owner of a first gen Nexus 7, the stutter the Fire 8 has isn't that bad and only shows up in fringe cases. e.g. You can't switch from Hearthstone to the web browser. Developers will be happy that the developer mode included with stock Android is still here, and is accessed by repeatedly tapping the serial number under device options. Regular people might want to dive into these options too, since turning off window animations make the tablet much more responsive and fast. Just good, not great, but what do you expect for $150? That's around 1/4 of the cost of an iPad, and it compares reasonably well considering.
R1N7NN510WOATN	2.0	Not for the impayient	1	1	I have enjoyed Amazon products before, Amazon TV, Stick, Echo. But this tablet is slow slow slow, compare to a Nokia 2520 tablet running Windows and with WiFi and 4G LTE. I returned this for a 10.1 inch Nokia windows tablet.
R1AF3Q0KHW3SON	4.0	Great Tablet.	1	1	I call it my 'Goldilocks' tablet. My convertible PC is a bit too big to comfortably carry around, and my Kindle 6" is just a little too small for my old eyes to see comfortably. But this new Kindle Fire HD 8 is Just Right.
R1F19PJ24JMEX3	5.0	nice tablet...	1	1	I order and gave this tablet as a gift to my husband and he is happy with this tablet,he's using this tablet for general purposes like check email,facebook, messanger,skype & so far just games.He's still working with it.
RA445X91AY0LN	3.0	cool colors. all superficial	1	1	No hdmi port. have to watch video on tablet. I thought the idea of making new models of the kindle fire was for improvements. Not in this case. Much lighter, cool colors. all superficial. I prefer the 1st generation fire hd.
RXPBM1KB2ZE9U	5.0	I am very satisfied with the fire HD 8	1	1	I am very satisfied with the fire HD 8. It is easy to navigate, easy to read and functions well. I upgraded from the fire HD 7 and am as satisfied with this one as with the first. I would recommend it as a great purchase.
R1UXKLYZWQS2RP	1.0	Ages Poorly	1	1	Piece of junk. Works great out of the box, but over time becomes increasingly slow and sluggish, even after removing all excess content to free up memory. Network connectivity become spotty. A very disappointing experience.
R1WW7FBUC4MKRP	5.0	Awesome!	1	1	I shopped around and did a little comparison shopping for a new tablet....for the money this is the best tablet out there in my opinion. It does everything i need to and the hd display is gorgeous. Keep it up Amazon!!
R18MRTTI806CPA	5.0	Perfect for me!	1	1	I am a 56 year old man and th I s is perfect for my needs. Big enough to play games and can read books w/larger font easily. My only prob is the fact that a lot of android software don't work w/kindle fire very well.
R3K28EDSDHAF2X	5.0	I am in love …	1	1	and I have been from the very beginning. It only gets better! This is the best one yet, light and closer to book size for me so that I can read until the wee hours of the morning. Loads fast, so I am one happy camper!
R3ATCB778VEH3N	1.0	Very disappointed	1	1	Very poor device. Kept locking up and had to keep rebooting. Plus, touch screen did not react well and had to "pound" on apps to open. Very disappointed. Love, love my original Kindle and will keep using it.
R117PZG3WMJNNX	2.0	I'm disappointed I can't get the music to play except with ...	1	1	I'm disappointed I can't get the music to play except with WiFi and certain games I played on my 2nd kindle won't play on this one. I though I was upgrading but think I downgraded. Let's just say I'm dissatisfied.
R2LYAH2D2B9IO0	3.0	it is good. I'm hoping it gets better with more update	1	1	It's ok, Not quite an iPad or a Galaxy tablet but for the price, it is good. I'm hoping it gets better with more update. As a tablet it works fine but as an android it sucks because you can't use Google play store.
RJ8CM6WZ1H3AR	5.0	great screen and has been easy to get productive with	1	1	I embellished on it earlier. Meets all of my expectations. First Android device to experience and my learning curve is just beginning . Seems very well built, great screen and has been easy to get productive with.
R3GU393YU9LFOZ	4.0	Finally, a device from Fire with a card slot ...	1	1	Finally, a device from Fire with a card slot. Installed a 64 gig micro mini card. However, when I ordered I was told it would have Mayday. It doesn't now. Ad has been changed and now it doesn't mention Mayday.
R2VM5B8F7O66K9	5.0	Awesome Fire!	1	1	I love it! My other two Kindle Fires that I owned were stolen and I chose this as a replacement. It is the perfect size. I can pack it in my purse if I want and it is just right for viewing Amazon Instant Videos.
RN7XI1PHRF38J	5.0	Perfect for my needs	1	1	I love this machine. It does everything I need to do--email, web searches, reading, music, movies, and more. The HD picture is amazing. I can't imagine why anyone would need an iPad when they could buy a fire.
R3G1K364GQL3D1	3.0	it would be nice to have an instruction manual--not everyone is a tablet ...	3	4	spend the extra $15.00 to get rid of those ads!!! it would be nice to have an instruction manual--not everyone is a tablet genius!!! having a problem with the tablet freezing up. but ok for the money.
R8WQY5Z9CDEHY	3.0	A Step Backward	3	4	Runs slower than the Kindle Fire 7 HDX. The volume buttons were poorly designed. Both cameras leave much to be desired. All in all, I was more impressed by my former Fire 7 HDX than I am with the Fire HD 8.
R10702DJJU7YSI	4.0	Too soon to tell!	1	1	Still learning the finer points. Took it on vacation and it took good pictures but screen is hard to see in the sunlight. Had a small glitch once with clock and time zone mix-up but it self-corrected.
R1F9SKK2Q6PH88	1.0	Battery life is so bad. Terribly unimpressed as a buyer of the very ...	3	4	I loathe the ads. I had them turned off on my other Kindles. Battery life is so bad. Terribly unimpressed as a buyer of the very 1st Kindle Fire which I gave to my young niece, it works better than this.
R3KALPAGRABKCY	5.0	Worth $	1	1	Read all the bad reviews, bought with trepidation. This is one of the best talents I have ever owned. I've had various iPads and androids. But it and see, very good value. Not being paid to post this, lol.
R1VZOLN4BL3SM	4.0	with earphones its great. wish it had a carry case to wear ...	1	1	just what I needed for myself to hold music and books. speakers just not to load when outside doing something, with earphones its great. wish it had a carry case to wear when mowing lawn or working outside
R2KSOJ087U1GSN	4.0	Great that the speakers are located on the side	1	1	Only thing I've noticed so far is that it does seem slow, but I was expecting that... Great that the speakers are located on the side, sound volume is much better during movies than my 1st/2nd gen fire.
R2BL9QR3PZ1URO	4.0	Love this tablet!	1	1	Can sometimes have a bad power button )as does mine but I'm getting a replacement) but works extremely well, and has good cameras! It's very thin, like an iPad, but is a bit better on some aspects.
R2DBC5V4K7DNJQ	5.0	very nice and slim	1	1	very nice and slim. quality videos to download and price was in payments offered fantastic. recommend this Fire HD 8, buy it, you will enjoy this tablet, it is loaded with apps and movie apps is great.
R2OEABK4BSOF6S	4.0	The kindle is fine, but every time the memory card is inserted ...	1	1	The kindle is fine, but every time the memory card is inserted it goes black within a 48 hour window. The only way to get the kindle back on is to remove the card. Very frustrating to say the least.
R2ZXPNCVFMAU7	4.0	The Good: Light weight	0	0	The Good: Light weight, sharp screen, and fast response tablet. However, this table screen is surprisingly sharp for the relatively low resolution (It is better than the Dell Venue that I am replacing with the same resolution). Web browsing is very fast. It plays videos well without delays. It even plays MKV files with subtitles for Anime (need to download the MX player app). The sound is good without the high pitch speaker sound. Addition of micro-SD is great. I can save tons of movies to it when traveling without WIFI access. The OK: Camera takes ok images. It does not work well in dark rooms. The supplied charger is 1A instead of Dell or Samsung 2A. It does take ~4 hours for a full charge. I tested using a 2A charger. It is faster, but I do not know whether this could wear out the battery life. There is also the ads on screen lock. You would have to pay Amazon $15 per device to remove it. The Bad: Not all Android apps and games are available in Amazon. This tablet (which is Android based) does not "allow" download from Google Apps Store. There are available information on the web or youtube for the work around. However, apps will not update automatically, could crash the system, and is not supported by Amazon nor the App company if it breaks. We are talking about some of the most popular games such as Clash of Clans. WHY?????
R2G1MT7PU97BG4	4.0	great piece of hardware for $150	1	1	Overall, great piece of hardware for $150.00. The only problem I'm experiencing is the keyboard flashes on and off sometimes when I want to use it. Lots of FREE apps. Speed is amazing for the price.
RCBL5TEW380J8	5.0	Fire is a great name for this machine!	1	1	Still learning to play with all features, but loving it so far!😀? It's so thin and light my wallet is heavier!! Best one yet. Need more skin covers, please! Thank you, Amazon. Highly recommended.
RVLM58FX3J37U	5.0	Like the way it responds to a novice Easy to ...	1	1	am new tablet owner . Like the way it responds to a novice Easy to use . Battery life is super . I have enjoyed finding the many uses it has for me to discover Looking forward to more discoveries
R1IDSSB263JB7J	2.0	I've been very happy with my Fire TV and Fire TV Stick but ...	0	0	This is my first Kindle Fire and unfortunately, I am less than impressed. I've been very happy with my Fire TV and Fire TV Stick but I think the tablets could use some improvement. Pros: Build quality Solid buttons Fun colors Cons: Battery life is horrible. Using the special cover that puts the device to sleep still managed to allow 40% of the battery to drain in just a few hours of no use. Functionality is dissapointing if you wish to access content not aquired through the amazon systems. While possible to load your own PDFs or MOBI files for ebooks purchased elsewhere, good luck accessing them easily as you have to go into various submenus to get them to display. Loading videos and music was similarly painful and really soured the experience. The base OS of the device appears to be android but removing useless apps and processes appears to be nearly impossible so the main functionality of this device appears to be watching the battery drain in 1-2 short hours from full. As a brand new device and just release model, I'm very disappointing with this product and I fail to see how it successfully competes with other Android based tables let alone against an iPad. It does seem right that I should have to repurchase all my content through the amazon systems just to get the polished experience that was advertised.
R3BCB7CTG5IE42	4.0	Light weight. Small but large enough. Really need ...	1	1	Light weight. Small but large enough. Really need a cover in order to hold it easer. My husband really likes it for mail, face book and some card games. Hardly ever uses his laptop anymore.
R18Z87N5BAVIVX	5.0	Everything arrived in perfect condition. I already had the original Kindle Fire ...	1	1	Everything arrived in perfect condition. I already had the original Kindle Fire and the contents transferred to my new Fire with no real effort on my part. It was great! Love the new Fire!!
R3T9306ISTWD5F	4.0	I had a previous kindle fire HD and loved it. There are a few things that have ...	1	1	I have had this for 2 days and have not had a problem. I had a previous kindle fire HD and loved it. There are a few things that have changed with the newer version, but so far I like it.
R45VJ47VJGTO1	5.0	Meets our expectations and needs	1	1	Our family is really enjoying our new HD 8. So glad it has lots of memory for our key applications as well as the number of games the kids keep adding. Easy to set up and easy to manage.
R3LTQS53KIOIFM	1.0	Poor Screen Resolution Doesn't Make these a Bargain!	2	3	I own a Fire hd second generation, Fire HDX, Kindle Paperwhite and iPad 3. I tried out the new Kindle Fires at Best Buy and the screens go back in time to almost blurry if you are used to the older Kindles or iPads or anything recent. While the price is attractive, you get what you pay for and it isn't much. Worse, Amazon has discontinued the HDX series which is a shame. At first, I thought my glasses were dirty so I went to see an Android tablet and it was much better. Without a sharp screen, it's just not worth it, I can't see reading books on these. Look at the screen resolution stats on this compared with almost anything else in 2015. There are cheap alternative Android tablets that have more functionality and better screens (see Asus). The Paper-white is the one to get if you are a serious reader. But these Fire tablets hearken back to the cheap tablets you used to see in Target five years ago. The Fire tablets should always be priced less since they have an operating system that doesn't have the functionality of Android or IOS. I still rate my HDX 7"and Fire HD second generation as a 4 or 5. When my Fires go out, I will use the Amazon apps to read my books and also get access to other e-reader apps on Android or IOS. Bad move, Amazon..
R1GU1YU5XDPKA1	3.0	It's decent...but needs to be improved in two major areas.	0	0	It's a decent tablet...I just expected better from Amazon. Moving between apps (which is encouraged by the new square button) is painstakingly slow. It's honestly about 5-10 seconds for an app to finally load and open. That doesn't sound like a long time...but trust me...it is. They got rid of the carousel...which I loved on my old kindle fire... to look more like an android OS. Amazon, if I wanted a simple android tablet, that's what I would have gotten. But I wanted a Kindle fire. Stick with what makes you better, don't try to conform. The Recent page doesn't even begin to compare with the carousel. For instance, I read 7-8 boss at a time. I kept up with what books I was currently reading by keeping the carousel empty except for those boss. The Recent page only hood so many recent things. It will not keep all of my current books up. So...I'm having to go into my book library and find my current books by hunting through my collections. Very annoying. All in all...if my old kindle fire hadn't broken, I'd be taking this sucker back. I'd give it a C for good effort, but, c'mon, Amazon can do better. Amazon owes it too the loyal Fire following that purchases apps and books constantly to make a good tablet with which to enjoy those apps and books. PLEASE BRING BACK THE CAROUSEL!!!!
R2DIUG0RWR7WP9	3.0	user documentation is poor	1	1	poor support documentation needs more information about managing storage, silk browser, and navigation to name some of them. Being a first time Tablet user it has been very difficult.
R3KLG3364FI6GH	2.0	New Kindle Fire HD8 has problems!	0	0	Although well built, the HD8 rates a one-star rating because: 1. Despite hours of trying and more than an hour on the phone with technical support at Amazon I have been unable to place or store any personal video, personal photos or anything else on the installed micro-SD card. I have come to view Amazon's claims about the expandability of storage on this kindle by use of a micro-SD card as fraud. 2. The new operating system installed on this Fire HD8 is a disaster. 3. Kindle, in general, still does not work well with Macintosh computers; this is a gross stain on Amazon's reputation as a tech company. It is still impossible to load material from a Mac computer without using the horribly inadequate, buggy, ancient Android File Transfer utility which almost never works well and frequently doesn't work at all, freezes, causes system crashes, etc. Come on, Amazon, surely you can come up with some better software or get over your infantile fights with Apple and Google and get direct transfer from Mac to Kindle accomplished! This is the 40th Kindle I have purchased - prior to this I have believed in the product line. This latest version and Amazon's poor tech support and failure to fix longstanding software problems is making me a doubter rather than a believer. UPDATE: After more tries with tech support, I was finally told by one agent that the only way to add personal videos to the SD card for Mac users was to get an SD card reader, plug it into the Mac computer's USB port, load the material onto the card directly from the Mac's library by drag-and-drop, then remove the SD card from the Mac and reinsert it into the Fire HD 8. This actually worked, but is clearly a very clunky work-around for something that should be an easy no-brainer for a new tablet, and is certainly not documented by Amazon on any of its extensive boasting about the new tablets on their web pages. This is a pathetic performance by Amazon, which is usually a great tech company, and reveals that while the Kindles are great book readers with a huge library available for rental or purchase, they are not yet ready for prime time as full function tablets.
R5KAOXJ5BPV0K	2.0	Not good for Audible books.	1	1	Good movie and games tablet but bad for Audible books. If you dream of getting all your Audible books on a memory card...keep dreaming. Audible books can not be saved on memory card.
R1VE9N7LTYI32P	5.0	Amazon Service A++, Kindle HD Fire F-- which is a mere toy.	1	1	The service was even better than great!! Unfortunately the product, The HD KINDLE FIRE. Is most disappointing! I expected a real Tablet, not a glorified Kindle basic reader.
R35EGTMJ3N1JGM	4.0	First tablet I've owned	1	1	The picture is very clear and I like the stereo speakers. Not impressed with the present apps. but I'll set up my own. The speed is fast. It'll take some time but I'll get used to it.
R2OB04V8XID19C	4.0	new doesn't mean better!	1	1	Like this tablet.disappointed that my favorite website is streaming Adobe flash player. Which I was informed,does not work on this new tablet. However I still will enjoy this version.
R3991THAS0V4X	3.0	I have to pay more?	1	1	I bought it for school, and I thought it has the software to open PDF documents, but it can't. So I became disappointed to learn that I have to pay for a software that is compatible.
R32B85AC5KDXHR	3.0	It would get a much better rating if it came with a manual	1	1	It would get a much better rating if it came with a manual.I have had trouble logging in, finding header screens, so basically I have not been able to use it since I purchased it.
R3SPE8LX7HF7RG	5.0	There's so many good things about this kindle I just don't know where ...	1	1	There's so many good things about this kindle I just don't know where to start I love getting up in the morning and reading the news paper on my kindle with a hot cup of coffee
RPK8JIF82VN6E	1.0	Customer service	0	0	I got this to replace an original Fire thats almost two years old. Several issues arose at the same time on my old one so I dealt with customer service. Appears the i r service is based in Mumbai or something since command of English is not good. This kindle would not connect with the internet and there were at least two applications I wanted to salvage. The service reps seem dedicated to proving the problem was due to my wifi service even though every other device I have works fine. We were directed to get the IP address from my cable provider but no luck. I kept requesting an address to send the old Kindle to see if it is repairable or if the apps I want can be downloaded. Apparently this is a top secret location similar to where Dick Cheney hid out at differentbtimes after 9/11. I spent a good three hours on the phone with these people and couldnt get the darn thing working or getting the address for that top secret repair location. To future users id recommend the Best Buy Geek Squad who you can find at your local Best Buy store. And so far I'm not terribly impressed with the new device. Looks like Amazon thinks its too big to fail so disgruntled customers should just "offer it up" as the good Sisters used to advise.
R2YDE34OPZSV69	5.0	So far it's been great. I've been very busy and have not been ...	1	1	So far it's been great. I've been very busy and have not been able to explore it much, have downloaded a couple of books, been reading on my limited spare time, and love it.
R1X8I3IWZKLLYO	3.0	Shuts down for no reason.	1	1	Big drawback is that it occasionally just shuts off right in the middle of whatever you are doing. No reason, it just shuts off and you have to start up and begin all over.
R2FVEQF4M598W6	5.0	I would recommend , best bang for the the $ now that SD card expantion has been added.	1	1	First tablet, was a gift for my wife's birthday. Works great, just a learning curve for my wife not used to touch screen and apps and how to utilize to it's full potential.
R3KTPOC5IHZT8O	5.0	Awesome	1	1	This has successfully replaced my desktop computer with the added benefit that it is mobile. Connecting it to a wireless keyboard (as I still love to type) was very easy.
R5612WW8RZS40	4.0	Accessories should be available	1	1	I am CAREFULLY exploring my new Fire. Unfortunately no covers were available until the end of October, although the Fire itself came out September 30th. Poor planning!
ROE4JP208KFL8	5.0	I love this Fire HD 8	1	1	I love this Fire HD 8. I had my old Kindle for eight years and loved it. This new one is so much better. I did not know what I was missing. Great price great kindle.
R2LYGR6IL1E5I0	5.0	best product ever	1	1	I. Love this. The brightness and large screen is making watching movies absolutely perfect. I now can access email and Facebook with easy. This is so awesome.
R27FSGH43QYU0T	5.0	Best tablet Ever!!!	1	1	My first tablet!! This was so easy to learn how to use and is super easy to use.You can use it in daylight and see it clearly.Amazon hit a homerun with this tablet.
R3HTEYPCR6NIJ4	5.0	The Goldilocks Kindle	1	1	This is the Goldilocks Kindle-not too big and not too small, but just right. Comfortable for reading and with a large enough screen for playing games. Easy setup.
R9HMAX4BE7APW	3.0	It'll do.	1	1	Gets the job done, but far more slowly than my old Nexus 7" tablet. I don't think the battery life is quite as good, either. Reasonable tablet for the price.
R6TSAAHKSD88Z	3.0	good sound quality	0	0	Fast, clear images, good sound quality. Thought it would be great for use as a mini laptop on the go. Unfortunately became totally useless when traveling in Yosemite a couple of weeks ago. Did not recognize the WiFi signal, the date suddenly changed to January 24, 1970, and there was no way to correct it. Went through all the device settings, spent thirty minutes with customer service and they were unable to correct it either. Their suggestion was to reboot it to factory settings which would have meant losing my vacation photos. They were on the device but could not be downloaded due to the absence of the internet connection. The woman I spoke with took my phone number, telling me she would have someone from technical support call me. That never happened. Fortunately I decided to wait until I returned home to deal with customer support again. Once I was home the date corrected itself right before my eyes. There was a long email from support talking about checking the router on the WiFi system, etc. Not really helpful when you are traveling and using guest WiFi in hotels, etc. At that point it becomes nothing but a basic e-reader.
R1K3HHHRQX92L7	5.0	Nice Upgrade.	1	1	I recently upgraded from my original Kindle Fire. The screen is bright and clear and the battery life is good. I enjoy reading and playing on the bigger screen.
R1M12GQVXNQIJX	5.0	The best Kindle yet	1	1	LOVE the New Fire HD. Small size, front and rear cameras, fast, easy maneuvering to books, apps etc. This is my fifth Kindle and they just keep getting better.
R2XJ9QVCSTHRSQ	5.0	Great quality at a great price	1	1	Great quality at a great price. I'm an iPad user so other than learning the different set up and user face this is a great device. I will be a repeat customer.
RLPQ6ZS13E536	5.0	This is a great device. Fast and the perfect size	1	1	This is a great device. Fast and the perfect size. I still think that Amazon and Google should get together on in app department but the Kindle is my tablet.
R2PICJ64SL1A6A	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Great!!! It is Amazing
R3M74Q29WWZ5FO	3.0	May have been spoiled by the HDX but definitely noticing the 8HD is not near as clear a picture and runs pretty slow.	1	1	After my 7"HDX died I got this one. May have been spoiled by the HDX but definitely noticing the 8HD is not near as clear a picture and runs pretty slow.
R1NA8B6OAVWMH1	5.0	Good upgrade from original Fire	1	1	Met all my expectations! Good upgrade from original Fire. Love the extra battery life and what seems like a much more secure connection to recharging cable.
R25CJQTRSA6Y5B	4.0	need user guide	1	1	I like the thinner larger size, I really wish you had included a paper booklet with user instructions. I could not find anything on line for the new model.
R148MESIMWX762	5.0	When this arrived...it made my day!! LOVE my new Kindle!!	0	0	Thanks to the payment plan option at checkout I was finally able to get a new Kindle and LOVE this one! I had the original 7 inch non-HD version from several years ago and my kids broke it a couple years ago. Just got this last month and it's the best thing ever! I love my new Kindle and got a nice cover for it. The camera is great...sound is pretty good for a tablet, the screen quality is amazing! I LOVE the expandable storage option! Now I can load more on my device when I am going to be away from wifi for a while. I definitely recommend getting a cover though...that's the only complaint I have is that the back is very "slick" and I am a very accident prone person so I was paranoid I'd drop it all the time until I got my cover. I got one of the "Fintie Fire HD 8 2015 Folio Case - Slim Fit Premium Vegan Leather Standing Cover with Auto Wake / Sleep for Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet" (copy/pasted from the item description) and it's pretty nice. Keeps the product slim so it fits nicely in my purse when I'm on the go, and isn't slick at all. No more fears of dropping my kindle :D
R1G5GE9JFSJQTZ	4.0	Good Device for Amazon Fans	0	0	I'm an Amazon Prime customer and a big fan of Amazon. This is my second Kindle device (the first being a Paperwhite). The display is crisp and overall, it's easy to read books. However, for just reading, I still prefer my Paperwhite due to the reduced glare on it. For everything else, it's great! It works seamlessly with my Amazon account. The movies and audiobooks play fine. My main criticism is with the memory. I purchased the 8 GB version by mistake (I meant to get the 16 GB version.) Since I use it mainly for streaming, I decided to make do instead of exchanging it. There is a slot for a memory card, which you can use for downloading content, but the operating system and certain applications must reside on the device. I have had a few occasions of applications stopping unexpectedly - just disappearing. I wonder if that's due to the small memory on the device? It hasn't been bad, just inconvenient - I just reopen the app and continue. Overall, I am happy with my purchase. The Kindle Fire HD 8 works well a a portable, personal entertainment device for around the house.
R2QQATUY2JHQSZ	5.0	I am my wife's hero 😍😍😍😍	1	1	This is a replacement for the other Kindle fire I bought my wife she is twice as happy now that she was before I am also very happy man thank you Amazon
R1IZVQZ4TNPJ5K	5.0	It's nice and light great display has a little lag but ...	1	1	It's nice and light great display has a little lag but for the price I think Amazon delivered a great product also the direct tv app is awesome on this.
R3MXFPD4IVKY11	4.0	DISAPPOINTED !	1	1	Ordered to download a specific app and found out that Amazon does not have an agreement with Google Play to download - so the Amazon Fire was returned.
RHJ4HHF0ER8FI	3.0	Disappointing For Freetime Use	0	0	If you have bought this for your kids to use on Freetime as I did, you may be disappointed. It is terribly glitchy. Some of the apps don't work properly or turn off while being played. If you don't always have the Wireless turned on some of the apps are "grayed" out. We own a Fire HDX 7 and while it may not be as big, the Freetime apps works whether you have the Wireless on or not. Also, the apps are shown bigger which may be better for younger kids but, it takes forever to scroll to the end of all of the apps. There isn't the same amount of Freetime apps on the Fire 8 as there were on the 7 either, which is sort of a bummer because some of my daughters favorite apps aren't on there. I tried using a SD card to allow more apps to be used on Freetime, but it doesn't affect it at all. The colors aren't as saturated on 8 as they are on 7, but the speakers are better. I am not as happy with this tablet especially for the purpose we are using it for, and I can't really speak on the rest of the tablet as I haven't had a chance to try it for much else.
RRFWKN8QSMB5W	3.0	Severe software limitations limit satisfaction from an outstanding product.	0	0	Severe software limitations limit satisfaction from an outstanding product. Finding more and more software apps that are ONLY available through Google Play Store. Not available via Amazon. Wouldn't be a problem except that the Google Play Store app cannot be loaded from the Amazon site - that would be the simple solution. The Google app will run on the Fire, however you have to jump through hoops to install it. Have previously used Kindle Paperwhite, then Fire (gen 2). Recently upgraded to Fire HD 8. This proprietary policy by Amazon makes me seriously consider moving to another system that is more customer friendly. Amazon needs to go with the flow. Fire HD 8 is a great tablet in form and function other than the software issue I mentioned. Would like browser to handle bookmarks better in distinct folders for different uses. The Fire Gen 2 would allow adding folders. Would also like to have widespread capability for encryption, e.g., bookmarks and docs. As the hackers get into this system over time, I would like more options for greater protection.
R3ND9NQPTOSD79	1.0	Old fire still better	1	1	Laggy poor WiFi reception, my old fire is still snappy and functional. I liked the SD card but does not counter the poor performance and frustration.
R2DF4ST5BJUYFS	4.0	Good for the first tablet	1	1	This is my first tablet. It does what I need it to for the most part. It's a little show when switching apps, but for the most part does really well.
R3JM1HHH3BL5BY	5.0	Amazon does it again.	1	1	I absolutely LOVE it. Someone stole my original kindle fire and ordered this one. The images are so clear and it is super easy to use. I love it.
R12I0G0QTR6OAW	5.0	Lovely, thin, device...a joy to use!	0	0	I love this new Fire and the new Fire OS! It's so thin and light. Love that it comes in colors (only cosmetic I know but I like the choice!) It is a little slippery to hold when reading without a cover (which is always for me as I use a leather slipcase when I'm not reading) but I swiped the skin off the back of an old he-who-shall-not-be-named ereader I no longer use and that gave it a bit of grip. I have a huge library and it handles it great, and I have no trouble downloading books on it (whereas I do have a lot of issues downloading and even opening books on my HDX 7 and HD 6 as they don't seem to like my wifi). SDCard! Yes! Thank you so much, Amazon! My collection of PDF crochet patterns and cookbooks reside on the memory card and downloaded music for trips. Love the fact this version has a memory card! I've read grumbles it's not as powerful as last year's HDX line but this one works so much better I don't care if it's more powerful or not. I don't use it for games though, just reading and web surfing.
R11K38AZ7Z04BX	5.0	Great deal	1	1	I wish I had bought more memory, it takes up too much for running the device. Things OK, but there is little left to hold onto. But greatboverall.
R3IQ8YN7M7TBD3	5.0	I love this one so much better	1	1	I went from an apple iPad to this. I love this one so much better. I am not fond of anything apple. I have everything and more at my finger tips.
R1L060B6AIA53P	3.0	IDK	1	1	laggyer than the kindle from 2012. FireOs 5 is better Screen is bigger, but PPI is worse Speakers are a pro camera is crap.
R33Y578ACMKHX9	5.0	ExcelleExcent!	1	1	Love it, love it! This is the second Fire I've purchased and it has met all my expectations! Still finding out really great things about it!
R278TFXLD4Q40N	5.0	We are very happy with the Fire HD 8	1	1	We are very happy with the Fire HD 8! It is fast and responsive. It's great for watching movies through Amazon Prime. Should have ordered two!
R3F0P1U0V303EA	4.0	only one thing I just would like to see the app store habe more of what ...	1	1	Met my expectations almost totally, only one thing I just would like to see the app store habe more of what you can get for iPhone and droid
RC3ZU999A7D8Q	4.0	Fire HD 8" 16GB.	0	0	https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00S5HFVGI/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 I think this HD Fire is very good priced, lots of stuff you can download for free. I was a little worried about the GB so I up it to 16GB and I have downloaded a lot of books,games and movies and still have a lot more space left. I am thinking of getting a SD card. Very sensitive to touch, I have never owned one before so this might be very normal. Using ability, learning very slowly. For now I am very pleased with the item, I might feel different once I use it for a while, but I not thinking this is the case. Shipment was good. Great sound,speed,screen,touch,. Good Price. I hope this helped anyone thinking of buying one. I also purchased to kindle fire children's tablets, I think they look good , case seems strong and great warranty. Have not had to use it but I am sure Amazon will hour their word. My son in law set them up for my grandchildren for Christmas and said they were a great buy.
RUOSGQP0S7VO2	5.0	AWESOME!	1	1	I love it. It's everything I expected and more. I'm so glad I ordered it when I did. I decided it would a birthday present to myself. :-).
R1L3YLRECN0A1S	5.0	Amazing first tablet & low cost great quality	1	1	It's everything I hoped for and more. Fast, beautiful screen quality for apps, pics, and more. Lightweight & perfect fit in my small hands.
R1ZQTVTQZZ7RDI	4.0	Kindle Fire 8 HD 16 GB	1	1	The new Kindle Fire was all that I expected, and I'm very happy with it. The pictures are beautiful in HD, and I like many of the features.
RLYDTIAWW61GC	4.0	Battery life seems good. Video quality is good	1	1	Battery life seems good. Video quality is good. Switching between apps is a little slow - probably the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.
R2GIZIDM1O1BRL	5.0	Great Price for a Great Little Tablet	0	0	This my third Kindle and second Kindle Fire. I purchased the first Fire, October 2011, and this one October 2015. Four years is a long time to go without upgrading, and I must admit it was too long. I am really enjoying the features and functionality of my Fire HD 8. There are only two things that I didn't like. (1) It came loaded with a lot of software I will never use. (2) I could not locate a free app. in the Kindle Store to synch my new Fire HD 8 with my Microsoft Outlook 7 (Contacts & Calendar) on my laptop. It took me a little while, but I found a blog that recommended Akruto-Synch - which I was able to install on my laptop in less than 30 minutes. The instructions were pretty easy to follow. It synched up flawlessly to the generic Contacts and Calendar that came with my Fire HD 8. I am on day 2 of the 7 day free trial, and will be paying the one time $34.95 charge for Akruto-Synch. With that accomplished, my Kindle Fire HD 8 does everything I need it to do and More.
R1RI65GEDNAXTK	5.0	Love it	1	1	Love it. I originally owned a second Generation Kindle, I had for 5 years, never had a problem with them. These are fires are wonderful.
R2KYF0LPDTQTPC	5.0	LOVE THIS DEVICE - QUALITY OUTSTANDING - DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO USE DON'T EXIST EXCEPT ONLINE WITH GOOGLE.	0	0	AM LOVING THIS NEW FIRE. I have an older paperwhite and have loved it for reading but was ready to see if I liked something more up to date. I am so glad I decided on this one. If any of the others - lower priced than this one for $149 - are anything like this one - don't hesitate to buy. I do have a LOT of complaints about no instructions. I'm sure it is user friendly to others that are more advanced than me - I only got a smart phone in the last six months, but using it has helped this old lady have an idea about the swiping, etc. I still have to go GOOGLE how to use this - I can't seem to remove books intuitively - it's different with Kindle Unlimited via purchased books, different with movies - or at least it seems each time I try there is another way to do it and it doesn't work each time. Highly recommend Amazon provides a CHEAT SHEET for doing the basic things - as I can't find them on the Kindle with the "help" section.
R1UBMCT6XY8N11	4.0	Fire 8 - a balanced review	0	0	Lots of good. Only a little bad. 8" screen is a step up from the smaller versions and this one is so thin. Easy to hold with one hand. Sound quality is a huge improvement vs the HDX. Speakers are clear and crisp and I usually keep under 70% of max volume. Underground is a nice plus if you're a big gamer. Levels, lives are free so that's a nice way to save a buck. The standing case is secure solid. Word Runner is interesting. Not sure if I'll use it regularly but for those wanting to speed up reading skills, it might work for you. Overall the new navigation is more intuitive. The negatives...I'm finding that there is a significant delay when switching apps or returning back to the home screen. And Video off the web can be frustrating. Quite often it freezes or simply crashes the entire system requiring a reboot. Maybe future updates will solve this. Would recommend the Fire 8 to anyone looking for another solid Amazon tablet!
R24LY0RYMYPWGW	5.0	Great Birthday Gift !	1	1	Wife loves her new Kindle Fire HD 8. She was really surprised to receive this as a birthday gift. She loves to read. Love the product.
R3RVP7V2QG935	2.0	Mediocre tablet. Awful book reading device.	0	0	If you are looking for a kindle primarily as a book device, look elsewhere. While some find the removal of the carousel to be beneficial, interacting with your book collection is far more tedious on Fire OS 5. (Granted, I could be missing something I'm unaware of, but my experience so far is an exercise in frustration). If you are planning to use it as a general purpose tablet, it is merely mediocre. Other tablets on the market will give you better specs for your money, and access to a far larger selection of apps (including Amazon apps). The slick backing makes gripping the device cumbersome and tiring without a cover. The display is ok, but not impressive in sharpness or color. It is immediately obvious that performance is far slower vs the older (but greatly superior) HDX line. For the price point, it's a fair media tablet, but a poor book reading device. I'll be returning mine and exchanging for an HDX 7" before they are all sold out.
R1GNX3POULZQ52	5.0	Beautiful Job, Amazon!	1	1	Exceeded my expectations. Everything Amazon has boasted about this marvelous device turns out to be spot on.. Congratulations Amazon!
RD7QVEP4A2ZX2	4.0	Great picture and sound	1	1	unable to use stylus to move around, must use finger only. It lack light to show that it's fully charged. Great picture and sound.
R38LMX89ZW2OS1	4.0	kicks me off wifi...	1	1	It lag's a little and say's I am not connected to wifi when I am.. for the price good But I expected a little better from amazon..
R1OK5ATDSV0P0K	5.0	Less advertising would be great. Our little one is not enjoying that	1	1	Less advertising would be great. Our little one is not enjoying that. We don't like the ads either. Some are not kids appropriate.
R9F03VMIS46S5	5.0	My new kindle	1	1	I love this item. It's an upgrade from my previous kindle. Plus this one has a camera so I can take photos and videos. Great item.
R2054FHE03RUD5	5.0	I love my new Kindle	1	1	I love my new Kindle. I am a little disappointed that there is no mayday button and I have to dial a number to connect to mayday.
RXA2LCE6JMQ5T	2.0	and it's the worst of the bunch	0	0	So far, I'm NOT impressed. This is my 5th Kindle or Fire tablet, and it's the worst of the bunch. Very glitchy... I've only had it for a few weeks, and it's already refused to turn on several times. Oddly, plugging it into a battery or AC makes it 'work" again- although the battery was NOT remotely low when this problem occurred. Today, it "lost" the SD card, and when I went to shut it down (reboot), it took 17 minutes to shut down! Then, it wouldn't turn back on, despite batttery at 87% (BTW, it was at 100% when I went to shut it down, so it took 13% of the battery power just to accomplish shut off!) until I plugged it into an external battery pack. When it finally booted up, it took another 10 minutes to find the SD card... and now it has lost my entire video library! I also really hate the fact that it's impossible to find out what content is on the SD card! Really poorly thought out...
R1O5BSMNMGH69S	4.0	The speaker is also fantastic for its size	0	0	This little wonder has really enhanced my reading experience. I can carry around a whole library with me and hardly notice the weight. The speaker is also fantastic for its size. When I use the immersion reading option I can stop reading and set it down when I have something to do and continue listening. It also helps bring the story alive. I want to try it with a book on science or history so that I can utilize the audio to help with correct pronunciation of terms and names. I have also used it for watching a film on Netflix, checking email, surfing the net, listening to music, etc. But my main use is for reading. My only concern is that the battery does go down fast if you use it for anything but reading. I try to keep it charging whenever it is not in use so that when I go out it will continue to work even when I am away from a place to charge. For the price, much cheaper than an iPad, you can’t go wrong.
R1072S1ZUBCZS3	4.0	Like it	1	1	Like how quick I could connect to my network. Wish written directions would have been sent along. Had to go to website for help.
R2QKEE9FGMVXJ7	5.0	Love Kindled, pun intended!	0	0	I have had a 7 inch Kindle fire for a couple of years now, and loved it. I bought two 6 inch Kindle s for two of my grandchildren and then bought the pre-order 7 inch for two other grandchildren, and an 8 inch for another grandchild who is a little older, and then because the price was so good I just had to buy another 8 inch Fire hd for myself. I seriously think you should hire me to rave about these devices! I have not learned everything that I can use it for but my 14 year old grandson is using it to do homework, much the same as a laptop. I am blown away at all the features it has and it is so fun to find new things to do with it! All six of us have Skype because of the front and rear facing cameras, we Skype between all of us nearly everyday, even the six year old can use almost every feature, and this sixty three year old is having fun ! From books, movies , social media, music , they are unbelievable!
R2YG6NM9H6DXFB	5.0	The picture is amazing. However the audio is more then amazing	1	1	The picture is amazing. However the audio is more then amazing. I don't know what they use for speakers but they are fantastic.
R3IPIREEDL1FNR	5.0	Nice price, great quality	1	1	Ah, the kindle fire. Nice price, great quality. Known and trusted seller. I have never regretted buying something Amazon makes.
R1DO0R22WM3KKT	4.0	I would love to have access to a "how to" app for ...	1	1	I would love to have access to a "how to" app for this device. Also my previous Kindle had the cloud to store items.
RYGFI2G4BT9VW	5.0	Love my Fire HD 8	1	1	Love my Fire HD 8, very fast, light and easy to use. Just signed up for Amazon Prime and look forward to using all the apps.
R2HJDF0D3X47YA	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	Very inconsistent to almost poor internet connectivity on wifi networks. Consistently drops and browsing experience is slow.
R2NWQF6UPGGKQL	3.0	Great for the price and reading but will not be ...	1	1	Not impressive software or hardware. Great for the price and reading but will not be purchasing another tablet in the future.
RZ9QG6VIP0NZ2	4.0	I like it!	1	1	Need more directions on how to maneuver the tablet. I would like to find it on the kindle​ and not have to go to the internet
R2V53CD0BEG8YV	5.0	It is great. I'm still getting used to it	1	1	What is there to say?! It is great. I'm still getting used to it, as it has so many newer features than my old Kindle Fire.
R3IIK5UBROS1N9	5.0	Yes it is better.	0	0	I've had my new Kindle for a month, and it is better then the last generation. It loads quicker, apps download way quicker and it shuts off faster. Now I loved my older Kindle Fire, works great and I really wasn't going to trade up. But when I saw the pricing and the larger memory and the ability to add media cards for even more storage I bit. I am glad I did I am very happy with it. One thing that did drive me batty with the older Kindle's is the screen surface; even when I used a stylus there would be very visible streaks I was constantly cleaning the screen, but the new Kindle this problem is gone. Yes maybe once a week I give it a wipe, but that's it. I took a few pictures and the camera does a nice job. The one thing I haven't done yet is stream a video so I can't comment on that but all in all I am very happy with the up grade and for the price no one has as good a tablet as Kindle.
R3JZ467NTD6IY1	1.0	Do not buy the Hd 8 if you want to use with applications. 7 out of 10 will not download	0	0	First off I will tell you I have an Hd 7 that was purchase about 8 months ago. that works on almost all applications . This HD 8 has very good screen and overall I liked it until I started trying to download apps. Simple apps like weather channel, weather bug, local tv news all give me a device not supported message. Please note all of the above apps work fine on the HD7. I have spent over 6 hours on the phone to various customer service people and no one was able to solve the problem. They finally sent me an exchange that arrived last night. Same problem. Since I have other kindles I want to stay with this but unfortunately I did not want just an e-reader, I would like to use various applications. Amazon has not been very helpful on this. Much as I want to keep it, I guess it is time to return this one for my money back so I can find a tablet that works with apps.
R2Z9EQIVB1C6BL	3.0	Good for what you can do	0	0	It's a great tablet. The only reason I don't give it more stars is because it doesn't have the options of the Play store. I believe that if Amazon do right, they'll be able to rival it eventually, but when you miss out on games like Fallout Shelter, Baldur's Gate and great games like that... I find it... at least at the moment, quite lacking. Sure, you can root it, but that voids warranty, and side installations of at least Fallout Shelter failed. I wouldn't risk it on games you have to pay for like Baldur's Gate and others. This isn't all you miss out on either. Youtube cannot be installed on the Kindle, unless of course, you go through side installing it. Best case scenario would be that Google and Amazon kiss and make up, but if I'd known about this before I got this (my fault as I didn't do the research) I'd have gone for an alternative tablet instead.
R2JS6UDH3GB26V	3.0	Fell short of the mark...	0	0	I recently just purchased the fire hd 8", it is light weight and very easy on the eyes. While it is pleasing to hold and look at I have found that my old fire hd 10" that I have had since it first came out has less glitches. I have had this product for a little over two weeks in that time it has frozen up multiple times and I have had a hard time downloading books, some times when trying to get into an app or silk browser I'm having to repeatedly tap or hold button a few times and wait before it will register to open and half the time it will freeze a few seconds before working. It seems to me that while nice to look , easy to hold and a better screen quality that Amazon fell short of the mark with this kindle fire. I wish I would have saved my money or spent the extra money on a new fire hd 10. I am thinking of returning and sticking with my old fire.
R34M8E8TQDVZ8	4.0	Works great and is everything I need and more	1	1	First time tablet. Works great and is everything I need and more. I'm still learning but am amazed how easy it is to use
R2KH2G6VQLI7XX	4.0	Much better display and significantly more features	1	1	replaced my HD7 with the HD8. Much better display and significantly more features; still learning all the possibilities.
RHC90HLTRKHOF	1.0	I had two earlier models and they worked fine but my recent experience has been a nightmare (one ...	0	0	This is my 3rd Kindle Fire this month (a HD 8), after having to return two HD 10s On all of them they, I eventually got stuck with a black screen and unable to get out of it. I had two earlier models and they worked fine but my recent experience has been a nightmare (one of my older ones is first generation and the other got stolen) . After having two HD 10s fail in three weeks, I thought that maybe it was a bug with the 10s and so then I purchased an 8 but, to my horror, it had the same problem. Even worst, is that I have several thousand dollars worth of kindle books, audio books and movies that are now worthless as I cannot continue to spend all of my time returning unworkable kindle fires after wasting hours trying to get them to work. I feel am now stuck with thousands of dollars of worthless kindle content and that Amazon is now a nightmare.
R3HMT4PG0WQ4SX	4.0	Great for the price	1	1	Love it. Only down side is the constant ads on the lock screen. But can't complain to much since the price is amazing.
R3GH7KKTX1LY6O	5.0	So far it's doing great. It's a learning thing for me right now	1	1	The fire hd is the first tablet that I have ever used. So far it's doing great. It's a learning thing for me right now.
R3NCGWGPIC3VI5	1.0	Trouble With Power and Freezing on Fire 8	0	0	I'm frustrated with it. It looks like a great device and I like the screen and features; however I have had constant issues with it automatically turning itself off and then I can't get it to turn back on. I have to plug charger into it and then I can get to power back on but then it takes 10 minutes because it says it has to do a software update. Also I fully charged yesterday and didn't go to use until this morning and it had not only turned off but when I was able to get back on it said 46% battery life. There obviously issues with the power function. It also freezes while watching movies. One time it froze with the movie playing but I couldn't adjust volume or do anything after tapping on screen - had to hold power button to turn off and then had issues getting restarted. I was excited about this machine but am left extremely disappointed.
R2USPHPRV00VZC	5.0	Love it!!!	1	1	Amazing picture quality and sound! It's fast and efficient and easy to navigate . It's a great product for the price!!
R32R77TDESNCDA	3.0	this product is good in that it is lightweight---good price--quick processing speed--good screen--relatively ...	0	0	this product is good in that it is lightweight---good price--quick processing speed--good screen--relatively easy to figure out this product has problems----the advertising home page is totally annoying---and cannot be removed---would like to send back and get a different one without---worth the $--but extra hassle since would need to delete all the apps and reset up new one. resent we are subsidizing amazon for a savings of $15--they are making a lot of money on that advertising space also--the apps do not match those on my android phone---so different set up; also various of the apps i use not available of the kindle fundamentally a way for amazon to sell us more stuff--- hard to find accessories---would be great to have carrying case that includes keyboard and way to prob up without spending major moneycan double
R1XQU7AV920XYC	5.0	I love the size and weight of my fire	1	1	I love the size and weight of my fire! I love having a place for apps and reading, its easy to carry with me as well.
R14927WIWV96R7	5.0	Kindle Fire 8 HD	1	1	Very please with product. It performs as described and would readily recommend it to any kindle looking to move up.
R2T7W4S3CV5BFJ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I like the new kindle HD 8. Seems to be working fine right now. I really liked the cover I bought for my new kindle.
R2I98PDRZYK45M	5.0	My son has fallen in love with this tablet	1	1	My son has fallen in love with this tablet! Takes it everywhere. Loves the graphics and I love the amount of memory!
RPJOW2YILNFBY	5.0	Happy!	1	1	I just received my new kindle fire 8hd tablet. I love it. It is a smooth and easy to operate. I'm going to enjoy it.
R39X4NBUAYA6NK	2.0	Previous Generation Fire much Better!	1	1	I liked the Kindle Fire HDX 7 much better! This thing doesn't compare as far as the performance. I don't like it!
RSG6V011J7RX6	5.0	... mine a couple of days but so far I love it! Super easy to use with a very ...	1	1	I've only had mine a couple of days but so far I love it! Super easy to use with a very clear screen for reading.
RARL5AAR1RSVX	3.0	I think my older 7" kindle fire HD was better. I am somewhat disappointed	1	1	Does not live up to expectations. I think my older 7" kindle fire HD was better. I am somewhat disappointed.
R2HDS6HY82HY6E	4.0	Nice Kindle	1	1	Met my expectations. The features are easy to navigate. It does use a lot of battery in a short amount of time.
R29KD1IYDVIOHP	5.0	Very happy with my Kindle fire	1	1	Very happy with my Kindle fire. This is my second one and it is GREAT!! I highly recommend buying one to anybody.
R37QZUJXYMDVLS	4.0	Great for the Money	0	0	The Fire HD8 has a lot going for it. It is thin, light, the controls are more intuitive than the previous generation. Even with a relatively slow processor and only a gig of ram, the proprietary OS makes it pretty snappy and above all the price is right. It has a few drawbacks. I have a fire HDX7 as well and it is superior in most ways, it is faster and has a higher resolution screen. That being said the new version has expandable storage and a 6x10 aspect ratio which is better for watching wide screen content(even though the ppi is lower it is still technically HD albeit 720). It comes in colors, which is not a make or break for me but it is a nice option. At 1/3rd the cost of an iPad mini it is a nice little machine. It would never be my primary device but for media consumption it is completely serviceable.
RTICVQYZ7MIZT	4.0	It's a solid e-book reader, but man is it ...	3	4	It's a solid e-book reader, but man is it slow! My Galaxy S4 is older than this and it's still faster.
R27IOZWAEJHVM3	5.0	Love it!	1	1	Extremely happy with the quality, speed and graphics! Best investment in technology I have made in a long time.
RIXJN2VHX1FAN	4.0	It's a good tablet for the price and it works for one of the requirements of my job.	0	0	I like the tablet. I especially like that I can use a micro SD card to store some of the content. I'm disappointed that even though it was originally advertised to have the Mayday app, it doesn't. If you want to use the screen sharing app, it's necessary to call first, at least that's what I was told. That could be pretty impractical at some times. I'm also disappointed that I can't find a clear path to storing my downloaded prime music onto the sd card. I have more questions than answers about storing content on the micro SD card. I have enjoyed the downloaded digital video on an recent plane trip and I thought that was great. It is certainly worth the price and it's working great for a work app. I have left a 4 star rating due to the lack of information and because Mayday is missing.
R26NBXZ1U1MW1F	4.0	LOVE IT !!!	1	1	I love the large screen and the price was great. Now I just have to sit down and figure out all the features.
RCBCT2AKSYQUT	5.0	My brother who is a expert on computers and tablets thought Amazon did a great job with	1	1	My first tablet. My brother who is a expert on computers and tablets thought Amazon did a great job with this
R3F6TJYEGBWWMD	3.0	Wanted a Kindle...	0	0	I loved my Kindle Fire. It began acting up in May, though. No one at Amazon could explain what was happening, but they could replicate the problems. After MONTHS of back and forth phone calls, I was offered a replacement. They said that the problems I was experiencing was in line with what they were beginning to see with my older Kindle. I expected a newer Kindle, up-dated, perhaps. Instead I got this tablet. Oh, it's a great tablet. BUT IT'S A TABLET. I already had two. Didn't need another one. Still it works well. Except for the keyboard. I HATE that if I don't use the"slide my finger" technique, I'm constantly having to edit my words. If I don't slide, I still get words as if I had. Go figure. I want a keyboard, not another gimmick.
R3H1W1W1N8NU0A	3.0	Additional SD Card is a must for this device	0	0	My iPad mini died and my Kindle Fire (1st gen) is on the brink of dying, so I decided to go to the Fire HD to replace both devices. I spent a little extra to get the 16gb vs the 12gb, and was disappointed to find that the "System" took up most of the internal space. This makes absolutely no sense to me when my previously purchased Kindle Fire was a 12gb and had plenty of space for me to download books and audio books. I don't like having to be required to get more storage to save the same data as I would normally have on my previous devices, and so I'm constantly downloading and archiving. If I had known about the data issue, I would've saved the money paying the difference and just purchase the paperwhite to replace my old Kindle device and gotten a new iPad instead.
R2TZMXC7FM60O4	4.0	Good enough	1	1	It's well worth the $ for what it does. I use it to watch videos most of the time so it's awesome for that.
R10W69QIK0O1FQ	4.0	... to use it but so far it seems fairly easy to use and navigate	1	1	Still Learning how to use it but so far it seems fairly easy to use and navigate. I'm enjoying it thus far.
R24OV8VC51T97K	5.0	It is super thin! all the functions are easy to find ...	0	0	It is super thin! all the functions are easy to find I only wished when you register it auto-delivered all your books instead of archiving them. Maybe it does and I have not found out how to do that yet! It is lighter than my friends phone and the screen pixel is beautiful. The fact that it was easy payments ever month was so wonderful. I wish Amazon would add more products to their monthly payment schedule. I did lots of research before I bought I. I was up for an upgrade on my phone and everyone kept saying get a i6 you can do all the things you want on a tablet, but data is ridiculous. I wanted a WiFi tablet (No increase in data plan) so I could use the internet at home so in the end I chose this tablet. I love Amazon's products and Kindle 8 was the best choice for me.
R2E16IVMITUFI6	4.0	The display is good, and seems particularly optimized for video playback	0	0	I purchased this as a replacement for a 2nd gen iPad after inventory the majority of my tablet activity. The value proposition of this tablet is very strong. The display is good, and seems particularly optimized for video playback. The sound quality is very good...and a substantial improvement over the mono speaker on the 2nd gen iPad. The kindle reading app is great, and I've been having fun with WordRunner for the last week or so. I have three criticisms, though none should be deal breakers given the price point of the Fire HD 8. (1) The processor seems to lag when launching applications. (2) Battery drains quicker than expected while in standby mode. (3) Lack of Google's Identify Platform and difficulty in installing common apps like gmail and hangouts.
R1KJ5W10PABXVJ	4.0	Good Kindle for a Great Price	0	0	So far I have only had it for a few days. The graphics are great, you get to choose wallpaper, there is a lot of room for a lot of stuff. What I don't like is everything that you do goes to the "recent" page, and I mean everything. You can't take the preloaded apps off of the home page. Or off the kindle in general. If you like reading in my opinion it is kind of awkward to hold until you get used to it. If you download an app or a book you get- if you bought this you will like- and they show you three or four apps/books right on your kindle so you always see it when you turn on your kindle. Even though there is negatives I have always bought kindles they last a very long time and so far this one might take me awhile to get used to but I wouldn't give it up.
R2VLF8SKKUMZI6	5.0	Excellent product I couldn't be happier	1	1	Excellent product I couldn't be happier. It is my first tablet easy to use and faster speed than expected.
R14BRM45DGYWA9	5.0	So easy!	1	1	So happy with my new kindle. Much lighter, slimmer, more features than the Kindle 7 I have. Just love it
R3RU0SOHYFDQ55	3.0	not sure if worth purchase	0	0	So far it's ok.I have the 7hex which seems to be a better quality and feel. I am truly considering returning this kindle. You would think with this newly released device yo would have more options as far as apps. On the hdx7 I was able to download xfinity to go app and cannot do on this device, which is one of my favorite apps. I'm not quite sure what's going on but I had a tv episodes which I downloaded from YouTube (which YouTube download, is not available anymore). I was told by device that videos cannot go more than 20 minutes. So I'm confused on that. Google play has a lot more app selection which includes xfinity. I will weigh my mind and most likely return. The speed is ok, sometimes takes a while to show selection. Battery life seems ok.
R3345WCWEIYY2Z	5.0	Worth it!!	1	1	Great little tablet for the money...big enough for browsing, but small enough for throwing in a purse.
R2ENJL4IXS1UZI	3.0	Night reading	1	1	Miss having control on diming when reading in bed when lights are out and bed partner trying to sleep.
R23NRISV3S6MY9	5.0	It is just a wonderful tablet. It has replaced my frequent trips to ...	1	1	It is just a wonderful tablet. It has replaced my frequent trips to the computer on our second floor!
R4JQ9UX83OCN7	5.0	Love it	1	1	Beautiful display and I like the colored case. I have a iPad also but the Kindle has a better screen .
R2U7Q70L7EC3OZ	4.0	Better than the Fire HD 7 16 GB, but not a lot.	0	0	I have been using a Fire HD 7, 16GB, which is a nice tablet. I thought the 5th gen HD 8 would be enough larger to be significent, and newer as in quicker, better, nicer interface, etc. I was half right. The size is nice, better I think. Maybe the way it works, favorites, apps, etc, will grow on me, but so far, it not easy to learn, and seemingly no better than the old one. I thought it would be noticeably faster, but it is not. Unfortunately, my primary use is the reading app. I do read a lot, but the old Fire reading app was simpler and better than this one. The saving grace is the price. The 16 GB cost me $169, which is substantially less than my old one. Hopefully, use will help me learn to use it better and more happily.
RGK6Y2CNQK94F	3.0	Good and Bad,honest	2	3	I like my old Kindle Fire better. the screen was larger. Also I did buy the new one ,but the charger cord went into my computer USB slot only. Also it was only a SLOOOOOOOW charger. I then had to buy a special adaptor cord at a extra cost so I could plug it in to my wall socket .t also seem when I am watching a video series that I need to go back to the Home page to go to the next session in the series, before I could go right to it. I do really love my Kindle . It has so many options. I also have dropped it several times with no damage. I would like to know if it is possible to connect my Kindle to my TV and have my pictures displayed on the TV?
R3VQMIUWJB9L9M	3.0	Where's the HDMI compatible adapters?	0	0	The lack of a compatible HDMI adapter for this 5th generation model (haven't found one anywhere online online or in major retailers) is a big negative. The only means i can figure of playing from the kindle to my TV is if I purchase the FireTV or th Fire stick so I can use the Second Screen wireless feature. Should haven't to buy more products/services for something so simple. If Amazon will correct this and offer a truely compatible micro USB to HDMI adapter, then I'd easily give the overall product 4-5 stars. As it stands, the product they pointed me to when I first inquired about this issue did not fit the new size of the micro USB port. Their customer service shouldn't recommend products if they aren't certain it is compatible.
R2MT06MT1EEQ4E	4.0	Bring back the Carousel!!	0	0	I got this 8 inch Fire after my 7 inch one that I had for a few years got a cracked screen. I ordered the 6 inch, but it was too small and didn't fit my hands well. This one is just the right size. Good for reading and just big enough for web reading. Its also very thin. It did take a while to get used to the newer interface. What I do not like is that the interface no long has the carousel. I hope in a future update for the OS they will bring that back. It also is more sales oriented, pointing you to things and books to buy. It has a hard plastic glassy back to it. Should have been the thin rubberized back, but if it's in a case, as Im sure 100% of them are, then it does not matter. My 7 inch had a mini HDMI, which this one does not have. So, if you want to view your kindle on a big screen, then you need the Fire Stick. All in all, I like it. But bring back the carousel!!
R1C34NRCR2TWDP	5.0	Great Fire HD !	1	1	It was exactly what I was looking for,I love it.I like the slim lines and the great color. Thank you!
R2VHSOMVY6CC7N	2.0	Bad Service for Kindle	0	0	We've always liked Kindle. The only problem previously is bad battery life but you have always replaced them. In my family we have 6 kindles. The last one ordered had problems. We were unable to go on-line with it. Therefore we could not order things plus it did not interface with our other Kindles. After being on the phone 1 1/2 hours with your techs, at least 3 of them, the problem was not solved. They promised to research the problem and get back to us in three days. They never have gotten back to us. We finally hired an IT to solve the problem. It cost us! It's been several weeks and your techs have not called back.. This is bad service and all the money we have spent on Amazon I feel we deserve better service.
R1AKW7L8NPGJ86	5.0	Love it and the size but when reading my kindle ...	1	1	Love it and the size but when reading my kindle it doesn't hold charge I have to charge it every day
RGVZDTYM7CZD4	4.0	A little bit hard to figure out at first, ...	1	1	A little bit hard to figure out at first, but slowly getting use to it. Still have a ways to go yet.
RXXJLVRS5PTS5	5.0	Great device	1	1	I love my fire ,I have had several fires! I think the size and the responsive of the fire is great!
R37ZQYNQDF6GDZ	5.0	I would recommend	0	0	I purchased my first Kindle several years ago. I'm really happy with this purchase with regard to cost. There are a lot of nuisance ads and when I search I only want to search the Kindle - not Amazon too. I'm sure there is a button somewhere to disable that - I hope! I feel that it should come with some kind of soft slip cover though. I've made an investment that I want to protect. If you order one go ahead and order your cover and screen protector too!! It is easy to navigate, pink is my favorite color and it is slim and light enough to carry anywhere without added bulk or weight in my handbag. The connection to wifi is crisp and overall speed of the software is great. My favorite feature is the SD card capability.
R1MUEXCVJ4YTKT	4.0	Pretty good. Bought to load books and movies for ...	1	1	Pretty good. Bought to load books and movies for long internatuinslbflight after first of the year
RCZWU6X9LMUXV	4.0	So far I am enjoying the 8hd fire. I ...	1	1	So far I am enjoying the 8hd fire. I have not learned all I can do with it. But, over time I will.
R2QQIYU1C65YT9	4.0	Improvement over older models but battery life is limited	1	1	Nice unit- not the cleanest operating system and interface- battery life is still relatively short.
R2DT49ZZ5I22N7	4.0	The sound is better and it is easier to read	1	1	The HD 8 seems to be slower with games than my HD 6. The sound is better and it is easier to read.
R2TZPZ42ZSH8P	4.0	very happy	1	1	I have only had two days to use it.Since I got it working, I am extremely happy with it. Sharon
R3GO84PA0GB54P	4.0	but overall I'm very happy with the purchase	1	1	I wish they hadn't gotten rid of the mayday button, but overall I'm very happy with the purchase.
R203M3BU7305S5	5.0	Would definitely recommend it.	1	1	I have had the device a couple of weeks and am really enjoying it. Would definitely recommend it.
R1FPQASQ05NTP7	4.0	so far so good. could not get it to sync with a ...	1	1	so far so good. could not get it to sync with a Bluetooth keyboard but think it was the keyboard.
R2UYS3KXDKRRQJ	5.0	Why didn't I buy the 8 inch earlier?	0	0	My old Kindle finally died after being used daily for years. I have arthritis and I can no longer hold books in my hands, yet I am a professor and avid reader. I discovered years ago that the Kindle did not even need to be held, nor did a bookcase of books need to be dusted. I love Kindle. So when the last one wore out I bought the new, bigger one. I still use it mostly for readings, but the print can be made larger and each page is closer to a normal book page. The new, larger one also feels lighter and is better balanced because it is thinner. Now I can see how people can read a magazine at this size and I am going to move my newspapers over to it as well. Very excited and pleased with it.
R27NO53NF59PSX	5.0	Love, Love, Love!	0	0	I started using the Kindle Fire 8 today. It is amazing! I am going from a laptop to this tablet and it is so user friendly and so much easier to use than my laptop. I admit the only things I have done so far is to use the facebook app and checked my messages, and to stream a movie from Netflix. The sound quality is awesome. I plugged in a headphone and sat watching my movie with my husband watching football on tv (I hate football). I enjoyed being able to be in the same room with him instead of going to the bedroom to watch tv. The picture quality and streaming are flawless. It is so fast too. There is no lag time whatsoever...so far anyway. I am enjoying playing with it and I am sure you will too!
R3E00VFNVAJZBA	2.0	Fire 2015 review	0	0	First let me start by saying I am a solid Kindle fan--I have owned or bought 9 different kindle for myself or others. I am absolutely sold on the HDX 7. With that being said, I had problems with the one I owned so returned it to where bought to have it looked at. I was told no longer available and the new Fire 8 2015 was comparable so I went ahead and got it. Now the meat of my review, this is definitely 2+ steps down from the HDX. The battery life is less and uses more percent for search engines, much slower response time. I hate the new Fire and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. If I can find another new HDX to buy I Will do so but am going to return the new 2015 model.
RBGRUKTLJRY5T	2.0	So disappointing.	2	3	Screen is not as crisp and clear as previous generations but I was willing to keep it in spite of that. I downloaded one app (that I have played uneventfully for months on other devices) and within seconds the Kindle froze and I had to restart it. Started the app...3 or 4 minutes in and...same thing. Had to power it off again. Tried other apps with the same results. Extremely frustrating when you can't even enjoy 5 minutes of gaming at a time. Browsing books causes stuttering of the picture and the battery life is shameful. I received this on a Friday and Monday morning it's going back. A real disappointment.
R3QEVAH5LNEZ9O	5.0	Another Fire for my addiction	0	0	OK I admit it, I'm a Fire junkie. I haven't had my 7" 6 months and had to get this 8" HD. The screen is slick, images are beautiful to look at and so clear and detailed. The sounds are great too. I'm not liking how easy it is to accidentally activate the camera though. I seem to start the camera instead of just waking the device quite a lot. The orange color is cheery and makes it easy to find in a dark bag. The power cable seems easier to plug in and the battery lasts longer than the 7". It doesn't really take up much more room in my bag than the 7". I was going to give the older one to my MIL but I think I'll have to keep both. Does that make me stingy?
RYGIF97Z6S69V	4.0	Good tablet	0	0	Up until now, I've been using a 2013 model kindle fire. This one has a few things I like better and a few I don't. The screen is brighter and easier to read, although it's a little bit less sharp, not so much you notice, though. The battery doesn't last quite as long on this one either. It browses the internet much faster, though. I also like that you can see what apps are running and stop the ones that are draining the battery when you aren't using them. Overall, this is a good tablet, although, knowing what I know now that I own this one, I would have kept my old one. Not because this one is bad, there just isn't enough of a difference to make it worth the money to upgrade.
R19LT8Y92DS4FB	5.0	Hd8 fire	1	1	I like the new kindle but I have to get use to it. It's a little different from my old hd7.
R7TBIOC4QN9FX	3.0	The older Kindle Fire is better.	0	0	This is my third Kindle Fire. The fact that I have purchased three shows that I like this product. My last two had a problem when they would not charge any longer. I know other people who have had the same problems. I hope this new one lasts longer. I had APPs I had paid for on my old Kindle and they are not transferred to the new Kindle. There is way too much advertising on the unit. The Kindle does not come with any tutorials on how to use the thing. APPs that I had for free on my old Kindle now cost money like SnapChat. I really liked my old Kindle better but it quit working. If you have an older working Kindle Fire - don't bother to upgrade.
R1T2LVC99RICNM	5.0	GREAT TABLET	1	1	Love my new Fire HD. Screen is clearer and I can do so much more than with my old Kindle.
RCA2WK2Q3SDLR	3.0	Three Stars	3	4	This is my third Kindle Fire. The older versions are a lot more user friendly.
R3S3P9XMW87NKH	2.0	Hope to be happy in the long run!!!	0	0	I spent WAY too much time to register it and work my way thru all the issues[still have several] 1 hour and 20 minuets on the phone with the tec person,who could not understand why it was taking so long///and needed to try 2 more times before just registering it. Than found that Hoopla the library system could not load on the device/Why not??? trying to get the aps running is still an issue! And my last issue is that I can not just Polk the kindle gently...I have to use the stylus, and it is another item to carry around On the pro side it is light in weight and the picture is bright. And the tec people were patient and helpful...
R8MXPVPV0NYHN	5.0	The screen was of sufficient size to make the drawing reference book readable and image quality was excellent. I could see both	0	0	This device has been very enjoyable. I have read a free drawing book and listened to amazons streaming music service. The screen was of sufficient size to make the drawing reference book readable and image quality was excellent. I could see both album covers and lyrics to the streaming songs; and their playlists categories and selections have thus far been very intelligently organized. Silk the internet browser seemed functional and intuitive. I have only browsed the selection of apps but several looked quite worth downloading. As a reviewer my bias is not wanting a smartphone glued to my hand. This tablet gave me all the features I was looking for.
RVPCWNHI7LAKG	2.0	Frustrating experience with Kindle Fire HD8	0	0	Have had this for almost 24 hrs and am frustrated completely. Set up my email successfully, but email app won't open. Battery level is not like they advertised, and can't load Microsoft Outlook app from Microsoft because the only apps supported are from the Amazon app store. Cannot download from android store. Requested phone call. Waited over 8 minutes on hold until I got connected with someone in Philippines who had to place me on hold twice to check with someone else on solution. Finally with no fix, she suggested we do basic check on entire Kindle to see if we can find problem. Unbelievable experience and this is just my first day of having it.
R1NXPYRHPCMVYH	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love my new kindle. The bigger screen is great and the resolution is out of this world.
R31SKP940O53HB	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Love it, battery doesn't last 8 hrs though! But easy enough to carry around the charger!
R25Q4KO3W47JM4	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Nice color display. It took awhile to learn how to use it, but when I did it was great.
RXHM7TZK7AVZV	4.0	Buy 2 so you can always have one charged on standby	1	1	It doesn't hold a charge for long and takes forever to recharge, but love it otherwise.
R2AJH8VY5HD9IT	4.0	... do with this device but my 1st impression is good.	1	1	I am still learning everything I can do with this device but my 1st impression is good.
R1J539RWQEGU3	3.0	So so product	2	3	I needed to replace my kindle he 7. It wasn't in stock and decided to try this one. I like the slim style and weight. The 8" is a little to big for me. I like the keyboard. It is totally revamped and I need some practice / training to get used to navigating. Takes a long time to connect to internet sites. Even going back to my book from checking my email takes a long time. Battery listed at 8 hours. 5 hours is about what I have been getting. And I usually am just reading. Wireless not even connected. I might try an IPad next time
R469ETOTGTAB6	4.0	Very good but slow OS?	0	0	This is my second Kindle Fire, and I'm really digging the overall appearance, thinness, and user interface. As a prime member, everything you need is right here. The only disappointment I have, is that much like my first Kindle (2012 Fire HD), it seems to be on the slow slide. When pulling up apps, refreshing Facebook, or downloading movies, etc, the screen sometimes freezes before it kicks in to operating quickly. I had the same issue with my first kindle. Not sure why it's like that, but overall I'm a huge Kindle fan and Amazon lover for life! P.S. I ordered in magenta with the matching origami cover and it is BEAUTIFUL!!
R2ZUBKJ4DS12C9	5.0	Larger size than the original KF Very lightweight Better organized viewing Good sound More storage capability	0	0	I've been using my new Kindle Fire HD 8 for a couple of weeks now. This was an upgrade from my original Kindle Fire that is 4 years old. I'm still getting used to always'm of the features. Pros: Larger size than the original KF Very lightweight Better organized viewing Good sound More storage capability, can hold more apps The Silk browser has improved on this version Price$! Cons: Downloads seem to take a littlelonger than even the original KF A little laggy when switching apps I'm still giving the KF HD8 5 stars...either of the Cons could just be me.
R1HXJLI1EABL34	2.0	WiFi stability issues	0	0	I bought these for my daughters but both of them really don't like it - we're going back to the iPad Mini. WiFi stability is a major problem on these devices. Video playback especially on Amazon Video is really bad. The video constantly paused. The device would generate connections errors to WiFi during normal play or viewing even-though the WiFi is connected. Only a reboot or disabling/enabling WiFi would re-establish connections but only for a few minutes before resurfacing. The other major issue is slowness. Screens would pause is non-responsive to touch for seconds at a time during normal use.
R2DQSBO2TDY6R8	3.0	Wishing I held had bought last years HDX	0	0	While the color, lightweight and ability to now use a micro SD card are good, I find myself disappointed in the slow download speed, its not easy to use and mine is locked. I set it up and somehow I can no longer unlock it without a pin and I never put a pin on device. Somehow my username or Amazon user I'd and password changed. My WiFi is out at home now so I can't even get to the mayday button to contact for help. Additionally its smaller than the 7.9" or the display Ie. Graphics make it appear that way. I'd return it but my personal info is on it so I'm stuck with it. Its so true you get what you pay for
R6RBHDSETBGH4	5.0	Honesty	0	0	It's a great product. Negative commenters are showing their poor WiFi signal. My tablet is 16Gb. Fits perfect using on hand. Switches through, back to back applications very quickly and response time with the typing was responsive/ fast as well. Sound, camera and video are beyond my expectation. If you love the fire phone, then this tablet is a better upgraded version. The setting process was a little long, or a boring, but after that phase, it was off to the races... I hope my fire 7 will be the same quality as my 8HD tablet? I'm not worried, Amazon always develop tablets above the benchmark.
R3OMXZVQBXULDA	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Working good, transition from old device to this one, very smoothe. Easy adjustment.
R3QWM9NJK9CU39	2.0	Confusing interface and too many unexpected links to the Amazon marketplace.	2	3	While the hardware is very nice, the software is terrible. There is no detailed user guide and to even access the user guide you have to be online. There is no way to download collections from previous Kindles, the ilnterface is counter-intuitive, none of the display symbols are explained, and the device takes every opportunity it can to direct the user to the Amazon marketplace. I'm sending it back and buying a like-priced Samsung Android so I can download a Kindle reader and read like I'm I'm used to reading without the sales pitches.
R2JV8A6QZW2MGQ	3.0	Disappointed	0	0	I love my kindle paperwhite but I can't say the same for the Fire 8. I haven't done much with it because it's very frustrating. Games often freeze when I'm playing them and sometimes I don't get to finish them because I just can't make anything on the screen move.I don't think it's the app because it's happened on several different ones. Often on Facebook, photos and videos don't download but if I access them on my phone, no problem. Same story when trying to go to a link from an email; fire- no go, phone- no problem. I'm disappointed. My friend loves her Fire7 and doesn't have the probllems I've had with the 8.
R2VO7OSI4T10PQ	4.0	Almost gets a 100!	0	0	The kindle 8 has a few convenient improvements. I really like the email inbox that allows you to slide and delete, takes 2 seconds, it much better than before. It also sorts the main categories of video, music, books etc by a quick left slide that is also a nice feature. I stream a lot of content and have decided that the 1" larger screen is the perfect size for watching. Sure a 8.9 might even be nicer for watching, but the size is perfect for slipping in a bag. The one place it lacks is in battery life. It seems to drain faster than my 7, which is a drag. Fix the battery, and it gets the highest grade.
R1A8VK32FH0EAT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great product, installs easily and bubbles are easy to remove. Great tech support.
RUF8Z4B369INI	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Like the size, great screen clarity, nicely responsive to touch. Takes great pix.
R155J5DWSCZZ2M	3.0	No better tablet for that price.	0	0	This is a very well made tablet. The screen is nice and the speakers sound really good. The OS leaves something to be desired. Maybe I too used to iOS, I don't know. I just seems like they try to make it too easy to use and ended up with an interface that isn't all that intuitive. I like the parental control that you have for the kids profile. I just haven't figured out how to give access to kids videos from either Netflix or Prime. There got to be a way right? Prime video should have a kids only section. Can't beat the price though. I can't think of a better tablet for that price.
R16OLNH4TXYR9G	5.0	First Time Tablet User	0	0	Purchased this within last month. My first foray into anything other than a desk-top or lap-top computer. So far, so good. Must be comfortable with device that will not give full functionality unless connected to Wi-Fi or a hot spot on someone's phone. Since everyone else in my family uses such devices, it's not difficult to find someone with a hot-spot if I'm out and about. Can also use screen shots with various app based maps to get turn by turn directions if necessary and not Wi-Fi or hot spot connected. All my Kindle reading material present and available on or off line. Enjoying it.
R2JXQLAAHI1H2V	3.0	reading outside	1	1	Dont understand why i still can't read a book ourside in sun. Kinda disappointed
R5TQKD1BGMEQH	5.0	PLEASED	1	1	I am very happy with my new kindle fire. I had one for 3-1/2 years before this.
R3NPPTGW6WLEXV	4.0	There are some of my favorite games that will not play on the new kindle ...	0	0	When my kindle email tries to load, it will flash two or three times before it is loaded on the screen. I have email on my kindle, but can not find any way to send an email from it. I feel that a complete guide should have been provided with, or on line for free with the purchase of a new kindle, which it was not. If I want the guide, I have to pay for it. There are some of my favorite games that will not play on the new kindle I purchased, so I often find myself going back to the old one to play the games or send emails, which was not what I had in mind when purchasing the new kindle HD 8.
R11GYWCG18B88H	4.0	Great with a Few Caveats	0	0	I do not regret buying my Fire HD tablet: I like the wider display and it's resolution; I like the capability of memory expansion, it's feel, it's lightness, the improved mirroring stability with Fire TV, as well as numerous other features. But there are caveates. The processor seems sluggish, and the touch interface is not as responsive as I would like. In addition, the battery drains more quickly than my previous fire tablets, even after modifying the power profile in settings. Still, for the price, features, and access to Amazon's vast, diverse content, I recommend it.
R223C2KU9WPWKG	5.0	Great tablet!	1	1	Very pleased with the HD8. Any questions that I did have were answered promptly.
R1Z02RZAETKAAO	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great Product for the price .best thing is no buffing in video. Good job amazon
RO8EA7AWFJI5T	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love it! Best tablet ever and I can use my Prime membership more effectively.
R3OBD8KHZFGFAM	4.0	Please include instructions with this!	0	0	Love it! The reason I didn't give 5 stars is because there are no instructions included. Nothing at all. If your the type of a person that needs an instruction booklet or if your giving as a gift to someone please take into consideration that nothing comes with this on how to use it or about special features. If you can't figure this out on your own you will have a problem. I have had mine for awhile now and I'm still trying to learn how to use it. Also what am I missing that I did not figure out yet? It would be so much easier if Amazon just included instructions. Really.
RT6PPYCTD9HBS	5.0	but I think it is great for the	1	1	It is not quite as intuitive as an iPad, but I think it is great for the price
R2Q46304SWZG8Q	4.0	I was hoping it had the Mayday feature like my HDX	1	1	HD 8 met my expectations. I was hoping it had the Mayday feature like my HDX.
RY34Y3GXGFGP4	2.0	Overrated	0	0	Overrated. The Fire HD is not much of an improvement over the Kindle Fire. Other than the camera improvement, this device is inferior. The Bluetooth connectivity is inferior. And not only have your techs been unable to correct an existing problem I'm experiencing, they are no longer communicating with me regarding the problem. Thusly, the help feature with this device is inferior to the Kindle Fire Mayday feature. And I didn't appreciate having to purchase an SD card in order to match the storage space of the Kindle Fire. I will not recommend the Fire HD 8 to others.
R38S48FEWDXBCO	4.0	I like it. One of the things that I am ...	0	0	This is my first tablet type device, and so far, I like it. One of the things that I am having problems with is the sensitivity of the screen. I have larger finger pads, so I sometimes have a hard time clicking specific links. There are also times where when reading, it'll jump a number of screens. I'd also like to hook this to my TV, but since I don't have a PS 3 or 4 or an Amazon TV, I'm not sure how to go about doing this. Oh, well, perhaps one day I'll have a live-in tech head who can do those things I want. Heh. All in all, this will do for now.
R2E9VKE2AAG644	4.0	Luddite leaves comfort zone	0	0	Okay, it's actually pretty cool. But I haven't kept up with Kindle upgrades and so my previous Kindle is the second oldest model and I've had it since the dawn of time. I decided to make the jump to this one (although people offered me their older models) so that I could start higher on the curve and I am completely overwhelmed. It's easy enough to use without learning much about it. As I learn more about it, it will be easier to use but right now it's sitting on my desk and I'm reading Barbara Kingsolver's book, <i>The Poisonwood Bible </i> in Trade Paper.
R8D9XU95I94YS	5.0	Very good Tablet.	1	1	Very good device. Some what harder to use then the first edition of the Fire
R128HHV0D30PLA	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very pleased with the service and packaging. Will be a great Christmas gift.
RCSUZWLFQFH5U	3.0	At first glance I thought the tablet was excellent. But with continued use over the past two ...	4	6	At first glance I thought the tablet was excellent. But with continued use over the past two days I have noticed the continuous drop in volume especially while on Netflix. Then I have to exit the app and then get back on it to get the full volume Also the device is pretty large and has too many apps by amazon and it does no let me properly organize my screens. Please fix these issues amazon!
R13OOUCR5LSSQN	4.0	Great	3	4	So far - its great .....only had it for a week and still learning
R30CDOHYDLF3GI	1.0	I got the lemon! (Kindle Fire 5th gen.)	0	0	Pretty sure I got the lemon. This is my first tablet so I have nothing to actually compare it to. I didn't expect this thing to be the greatest machine on the planet but I did expect it to work at least somewhat. It constantly freezes and will take around 20 minutes or more to shutdown after it freezes. When it turns back on, it's a miracle. It will also change my wallpaper to a screenshot of an app in the appstore and the only way to change it back is by restarting the thing. When it works, I love it but it freezes and breaks down way more than it works.
R1WMO286YQOIHB	3.0	Returned it...Price Good / Quality Bad	2	3	This new Kindle Fire HD 8 is ok. I did like some of the new features however I was not happy with the clarity of videos. My old Kindle Fire HD (2013 purchase) I was in awe of the picture but this one I kept cleaning my glasses because the picture/colors were not crystal clear. I returned it and will be spending more and getting a better product rather than spending less and always thinking I should have bought something else. What's that old saying..you get what you pay for?
RV07T3LV7VIX2	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	It is just great. Thanks to a tech savy grandson am learning how to use it.
R2528IBVWMS8TY	2.0	Various problems when reading MOBI formatted books	0	0	Icons are angular and not as polished as compared to Samsung. Books in MOBI format sent to the registered e-mail address do show on the device, but often can't show the last position when reopened. Switching background from white to black also dims the text (making it utterly illegible) on some MOBI formatted books. Never had these problems on any of my other devices (Windows, MacOS, Android and iOS) - when downloading and installing Kindle app. I thought that getting Amazon's own will present me with even better product.... Alas!
R1A3NL7KL52N8	4.0	I am only getting around 3hrs at best since I do play some of the games offered	0	0	They claim that the run time is around 8 hrs. Got that wrong. I am only getting around 3hrs at best since I do play some of the games offered. The photos taken are a little grainy but viewable. There is a few drawbacks though. They give you a short usb cable unlike the previous kindle bought for my mother. I do love how it is loaded to the gills with apps and other things including an expandable memory slot. I got it in time when they had the flex payment plan while it was being offered. Overall this is a great tablet and it's easy to get used to.
R1NRZUJYQ83RM4	2.0	Know what you are buying it for	0	0	I bought this because I wanted to stream Amazon Prime movies and I was concerned with using my Ipad mini on the NY subways and in the hospital when I go in for elective surgery soon. Compared to an Ipad it is very inferior. Picture quality is murky. Battery life is far less. The apps for games are truly dreadful (I play solitaire and Hidden Object games). But the Kindle part works well and the streaming, although poor quality, is instantaneous. If you are getting it for the reasons I describe above then get it. But if not - I can't recommend it.
R300NDZEIPCB7B	4.0	Mostly great...	0	0	I do love my new Kindle. The video streaming works great, the speakers sound clear and better than expected. I've read several books this past month and love having them all on one device. However, all apps do not work for Kindle. I really miss instagram as I use it to share photos. I also do not like that the lock screen cannot be changed to a photo, it is one constant rolling add. I do not like that at all. Over all though I do love my kindle and it was worth the investment. Great alternative for those of us who cannot spend $300 for a tablet.
R2GXT6NGHLWPQ8	5.0	Obviouslyj I am happy with the product	1	1	This is my sixth kindle purchase . Obviouslyj I am happy with the product.
R2LYI9CIXTJFCC	5.0	Best overall value out there!!!	0	0	Love this table, was looking for something practical, with HD display and easy to use that had the most apps available (Windows tablets are great value but weak App Store) without the price tag of an IPad and this is it!! Perfect tablet for watching movies/ tv series on the couch or on the go, Pinterest, browsing the web, and reading!! Definitely recommend! I got paid the extra $15 so I wouldn't have the ads on the lock screen. I got the 8g but will buy a mini SD card with more storage to download and watch movies off line when traveling.
R2PA9W1S15R2JZ	5.0	Must Have Tablet!!!	0	0	I lost my iPad mini somehow during a vacation and was essentially looking for a replacement but not at the iPad price. Being a new Prime member I looked into Fire tablets and immediately loved this version and thought it's a great price point. Fast forward to having it a few days to play with - LOVE IT. Having Prime makes this tablet so much more than a typical tablet. All my apps are on the App Store, and I just can't find an issue! Highly recommend this tablet! Amazon is definitely in the game and winning with this product!
RR2B1O7N938PL	3.0	A better responding touch screen would make this perfect.	0	0	Touch screen is not as sensitive and harder to use than other Fire tablets I have owned. It sometimes takes several touches to get it to respond. I have not had this problem with other Fire tablets I have owned, including 3 previous HD tablets and 2 HDX tablets. For me the size is great. I like it better than the 7 inch I used to have and better than the 8.9 I have. The format is a lot different than my other Fire tablets, but easy to use. If they had to cheapen something to get the price down,I wish it wasn't the usefulness of the screen.
RUB5T6WP73O65	2.0	DISAPPOINTING	2	3	I was expecting something that operated much the same as my other Fire. I can't believe the difficulty that I have in getting the books, games, etc. that pop-up every time I open a new book to go away. It is very annoying. HOME is nothing but Apps. RECENT is where I have to read my books. I know it wasn't expensive but it is very poorly set up. The only good thing is that it doesn't weigh much. I'm seriously thinking of returning it.
R3EPP39U8EBO40	5.0	My fire tablet.	1	1	Great little tablet. Very vivid color and easy to use. Loving it so far.
RQAZLNHMYJDX4	4.0	Great Tablet for the Price	0	0	Overall this a great tablet for the price. I had gone through a couple cheap versions of tablets with my son, which stopped working within a few months, before finally deciding on the Kindle Fire HD. We have had it for about a year and half now and have never had any major problems with it. It is a little slow upon start up, but once fully awake it moves fast. Occasionally the screen freezes, which can be frustrating, but it typically comes out of it own its own. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a tablet a good price.
R2SN1JLFFW8CU7	4.0	easy yo navigate	1	1	Fast, vibrant colors, easy yo navigate, shopping with Amazon a pleasure
R1JQ23SSSD78EC	4.0	Great Repalcement for the orignal Fire	0	0	Light weight, fast processor, and the HD screen make this a great buy. The width and its light weight make it somewhat hard to hold. I am getting a case/cover for it soon through Amazon. The cases/covers for the new HD 8 Fire have a feature that shuts off the unit when you close the cover. I hope it just put the unit to sleep. I bought the unit at our local Fred Meyer store and it qualified for the "Senor Discount". Got the 16 GB memory model for just a few dollars more that the 8 GB model offered at Amazon.
R1G7HN8FAN6T48	5.0	Like many, perhaps	0	0	Admittedly, I am probably not the most tech savvy person who plays, regularly, with these electronic toys. Despite this, my experience, so far, has been a very pleasant eye opening to the Tablet world. Like many, perhaps, the HD 8 Fire takes a but to boot up but the display clarity is top notch and the video playback, so far, has been dazzling. The sound is, also, surprisingly rich, if not lacking a bit on bass reproduction. Working a very boring part time job, I can tell that this will open a whole new world for me.
R385RSI9N9ZFZS	3.0	Meh!	0	0	Screen sensitivity seems to be off kilter. I have to keep retapping screen. And I liked the customize buttons beter on my Kindle Fire 7 for reading books. It was flawless. This one doesn't stay asleep and I hear notification pings in the middle of the night, while it's charging. I guess I can't understand why they couldn't have just improved the screen size and sound and left the settings the same in ALL of the Kindles so there isn't a learning curve. PROS: Sound is great and hide screen looks really nice!
R1E2U8KDB2UIHW	5.0	Nice tablet.	1	1	Easy to use; light weight and a convenient size. Decent battery life.
R2I4R52A95OOEG	5.0	Fire HD is just right for nighttime reading	0	0	Fire HD 8 is just right size to take around and read Kindle books. The contrast is OK for use indoor but the screen has too much glare to use outdoor. I bought a glass screen protector but it did not reduce glare. With the price I paid, I expected that removing advertisement should be free. However, Amazon-Kindle charged fee to remove unwanted advertisement. It is counter effective. Handling of eReader is easy and intuitive. Color and resolution are good enough to read magazine. It delievered what it promised.
R7S71LG98KMD	1.0	Bloatware overload!!	1	1	Polluted with amazon stuff and you can't remove it. Otherwise it's OK
RZHHQOML8Q1M0	5.0	I especially like the light weight of the new Kindle Fire as ...	0	0	I have been a Kindle Fire user since first generation so it is about time I upgraded with a new version. I especially like the light weight of the new Kindle Fire as it is easy to hold when reading e-books or websites. The graphics are clear and bright and it moves nicely. There were definitely some changes in interface from my old model, but I adapted to them quickly. Look, feel and operation are all good and I am very happy so far with my new Kindle Fire. I would definitely recommend the new Kindle Fire.
R1FS4TWK0H2RBL	2.0	New Fire 8", two drawbacks	0	0	It's a Kindle Fire with all the usual features but I have several complaints. It has a tendency to freeze up. It has an extremely short power cord. If I plug it into a power strip on the floor it barely reaches a table, in fact it's in danger of being pulled down. I don't want to use another cord, even the one from my last Kindle, because I've had problems in the past with other cords damaging the charging port. Last but not least, when I turn it on I get an ad. Are you kidding me? I pay for this device and I have to navigate past an ad every single time? I'm considering returning it.
RRD3T0444M99H	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love this tablet, the speakers are awesome. The browser is faster.
R2I78KS8X5P9WQ	5.0	First tablet	2	3	This is my first tablet. The hardest part is that it does not come with directions. Had no idea how to do anything. I am 65 yrs old not used to all this tec stuff. Lucky I was able to get help. Now I am having more fun playing with it and posting pictures to facebook. I do not understand why it did not come with directions. I also do not have a cell phone. My daughter said they just figure you know how to work the thing lol.
R13UYCV27DDTNO	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Excellent
R2HMDEP5SPQU2A	4.0	So far so good.	0	0	I had it for only 2 days now and getting use to it. The battery life doesn't seem that long as my 10.1 Kindle Fire. Maybe there is stuff running the background I need to shut off to optimize battery life. I do appreciate the lighter weight and smaller size to fit in my hands. I also like the fact it can take a memory card. I do wish it had a tab in the menu bar for "Documents" to make it easier to find the documents I save to the Amazon Cloud so I can download them to my new kindle.
R2T0H4KWF4W48D	5.0	I really like it. Am getting one for a gift for ...	1	1	I really like it. Am getting one for a gift for a friend of mine.
R1JRY7PKUR4YNY	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	DIFFICULT FOR US TO LEARN BUT THAT IS JUST US . WE ARE OLDER FOLKS
RROJ68H2Y7GLA	5.0	I usually go with Apple products---I found the Kindle Fire very easy to use	0	0	This is the first time that I have used an e-reader. I usually go with Apple products---I found the Kindle Fire very easy to use. I do think it is for basic use, like reading books, newspapers and surfing the web........the camera is good, but for me, it is easier to use my iPhone. I have not had it long enough to explore all the features, but so far I really LOVE it and so does my husband-----who is not into technology of any kind. Also, love the different colors you can get it in.
R263KL1T3MREYE	4.0	Great Tablet... Just don't expect performance like an iPad	2	3	For $150, it's hard to beat the size and value. Just like a lot of other people have said, to take full advantage of the tablet you need to have Amazon Prime. The tablet does lag a little when multiple applications are open. However, for the price point that sort of performance is understandable. I have noticed how much smaller my iPhone 6's screen seems once I've stared at the Fire's screen for a few minutes.
RP6LEIZQOY674	4.0	Good find for the price.	0	0	This tablet is a great find for the price. I have had this tablet for two weeks. I haven't touched on all the things that this tablet can do as of yet. There is one issue that I do have with this tablet. When watching a movie or using the hulu app the volume will go up and down on its own. I tried to move around to see if it was a WiFi issue, "it wasn't". This happens no matter where I am or what connect I have. The upside is the clarity of the pics. The camera is awesome.
R3L8YGZNDWUX9V	5.0	So far So Good	1	1	Just really getting to know this lovely device. I really love it.
R2QWEATMJ2D531	5.0	Love it, great color.	0	0	The text message said early arrival, Thursday but it was delivered on Wednesday. I am still playing with it so this is written after only 1 and a half days of use. It is fast, I can read and play games. Most importantly I can access my personal email. I haven't tried all the apps that it comes with. Today I took video and photos of our high school home coming parade. How to edit,email or upload to FB isn't readily apparent. I will write more later I need to go play with it.
RTNM3ZYETWVF1	1.0	Would not buy again or recommend. It's a tortoise!	2	3	It takes way to long for anything to launch. The response time to your touch is also extremely slow. Reminds me of waiting on dial up internet. I replaced a broken HDX 8.9 with this thinking I would only sacrifice display quality. I was wrong. Size of the HD 8 compared to the HDX 8.9 is drastic. HD 8 is long and narrow. The thinner design seems nice for portability.
R1HCUR10R5D6ER	5.0	Love my Fire HD!!!	0	0	Ok I'll admit that I am not someone who gets into digital technology much, but this Fire makes life easier. I started with a Kindle e-reader a few years ago. Then sold that one on Amazon and got my first Fire a couple of years ago and loved it but I was thinking about having a camera on it. So I decided to upgrade to this Fire HD 8"and I am thrilled!!! I only have a bare bones cellphone for emergency situations so this Fire serves my needs perfectly! I couldn't by happier👏
R1G4DX5911BKBD	5.0	Compact...Crisp Video and Superb Sound Quality1	0	0	Wow...this is a nice little device! Now I've got movies to go when I fly. The video quality on this machine is excellent....the sound is superb! No instructions with this guy, but the setup is very intuitive. I started downloading free movies and songs from Prime within seconds after taking out of the packaging. What's really nice too is that the device is small enough to keep in my coat pocket in the airport...no need to break out of carry on luggage after on the plane.
R8I4BUQZ83LR0	3.0	it has several "bugs" for lack of better terminology. Much of the time when I turn ...	0	0	While this device is very cost-effective and has more features than my previous device (which was lost), it has several "bugs" for lack of better terminology. Much of the time when I turn it off, it does a complete reset without my prompting, therefore, when I turn it on for use the next time, it takes a couple of minutes before it is ready to be used. When in use, I often have to tap multiple times to get an app to respond. I am not completely happy with the device!!
R2C67XOPDHX7Z8	5.0	Just what I needed.	1	1	Wow. It's a great tablet. Just what I needed. Color is stunning!
RESX4SIMUW9P5	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	charges quickly brilliant display Web browser greatly improved.
R2GNG5B2MVDSVS	5.0	So many design improvements!!!	0	0	I ordered this tablet because it had a better camera than my current HD7 and I hoped the sound of the old tablet (which wasn't that bad, but not superb) would be improved in this new one. But just in getting it ready to use (easy peezy) I see so many improvements in design that I'm delighted with the newer model even before it fully installs its software and I get to start using it. More later, but for now -- LOVE IT ALREADY! Watch this space for details of why it's worth upgrading to the newer model.
R1Y799X7WW0E8J	4.0	Would have stayed with my 1 st gen if some jerk handnt stolen it.	0	0	After my 1st gen fire HD was stolen I found myself in need of another tablet. Three years of faithful service made me look at the latest version of the fire. I didn't want to pay 39 dollars more for the 10 inch so I went with the 8. Heh. Its lighter but in almost every way the same as my 1 st gen. Will be sticking with Amazon tablets as they do all I need and are easy to use. All in all a great product. Battery life isn't that great or it would have gotten five stars.
R3S5XC72NF5L9T	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	So far I am really enjoying it. The HD resolution is incredible
R1BB32OPUKDG7S	4.0	New Fire HD 8	1	1	Glad to have my kindle going again.. The service was fast.
R15YZEE782V1IB	3.0	Get and Expect what you pay for	0	0	OK for an inexpensive tablet. I would not use this as a work tablet but in a pinch it will do if you pare it with OfficeSuite 8 Pro. If you have a Kindle 7 HD I would recommend you wait and see what comes out next year. I purchased the Fire HD 8 with Amazon's recommended screen protector and found that the touch screen is severely degraded with the protector installed. Too many times I have to tap 2-3 times before it responds. Overall, for the price it's not a bad tablet.
R10CPYCQW8EDIZ	5.0	Good Buy	0	0	Works very well. Needs a forward/reverse arrow for the cursor on the keyboard. Can't select more than one contact, email, etc at a time when addressing emails or deleting them. This is awkward and wasteful of time. Still learning how to use all the features. I love the Reader function which allows you to read many web posts, showing only the desired content in easy to read format, withdout the annoying advertisements and pop ups. Wish it worked on all web posts.
R2PC9WZECHTHID	5.0	Fire Hd 8	0	0	I will very much love this Fire HD 8. Having an 8" screen is very nice and I very much love the memory expansion card slot which I am now putting music from my cd collection on which makes it a superior MP3 music player with great sound from the speakers. It also has a superior screen for watching videos. I also love the capability of having a wallpaper with a scenery photo in the background. It is also very lightweight and easy to carry as well as to hold.
R1J6090XXLTG1F	5.0	Recommended for Young to Middle-Aged People	0	0	I received the Fire HD 8" for my wedding anniversary and was not disappointed. It is easy to read and fairly easy to work with the icons on the main screen. I know I will need to learn some more about how the entire package works, but am looking forward to it. I would definitely recommend this for young to middle-aged people. Older folks would probably benefit from the larger versions available, as it will be easier on their eyes. Overall, great product.
R3SPKH7WDEP278	3.0	Liked my old Kindle better :(	0	0	This Kindle is not working very well for me. It is very slow to bring up apps or email or anything. I purchased it before a trip to Seattle hoping to be able to use it to watch a movie or free tv through the airline website (which there was a small charge for) and it would not play :(. My other Kindle worked for that but the screen is broke which is why I purchased this one. Other than being VERY slow it works ok on the ground. Not very happy with this purchase.
RJPCNV1WIPC2I	5.0	... to get around on this but so far I love it.	1	1	Still Learning how to get around on this but so far I love it.
RUMMSH3GR6HSU	5.0	The ads that show up at first are a bit annoying, but it's no big deal	0	0	This is a classy product. Fast, intuitive to use, and visually appealing. The ads that show up at first are a bit annoying, but it's no big deal, since the device comes at a very reasonable price. The only complaint I have with are that some of the free apps that I have on my android phone (such as The Economist's Espresso) do not appear to be available on this device. Books are easy to read, and there is a great deal of content available. Great job, Amazon!
R2F5UF8ZBF2TJ9	1.0	Not as good as the previous version - major fail.	0	0	The response to touch on this new Fire is slower than my previous Fire and I don't like the interface of the new operating system as much as the old. I've already had to send one back to Amazon because it just froze and wouldn't stop loading. I do like that it comes in my favorite color, blue. Also the 8" size is nice and its lighter. I just wish it worked better. I'm a loyal Amazon device user, but I think they missed the mark with this new version. Update: The second one started freezing up within a few weeks. I am returning it for a refund. I am so disappointed in Amazon, this was a major fail. I'll continue to use my old HDX 7. Its a much better product. Newer is not always better.
RVDC8RT1JN41	3.0	directions anyone?	0	0	hard to get started using without a set of directions. since i have a google account and it was not usable. i wish that could be done. as i do not want a bunch of accounts to keep up with. my other tablet used google. and not amazon. it would be nice if there was a choice. the tablet itself is great. hoping eventually all of my games can be on one tablet. when i travel i will have to take them both so all are available. ...lol... a real hardship.
R1U9HU6C640XPB	2.0	Returned it...	0	0	Was not what I had hoped. The largest issue was the fact that my eyes hurt trying to read anything on the screen. I adjusted the brightness, but, for some reason, the screen on this device did not work for me. Other reviewers complained about the speed, so I compared it to my HDX 7. They were comparable. The icons on the home page are easier to navigate than the carousel browsing of its predecessors, but that did not supersede the screen issue.
R1R6RL87CM0P3U	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This tablet has beautiful display and awesome sound! Love it
R237PXG667KXXN	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	love it,
R3RX7SSMF1XH7L	3.0	Bought in hopes of playing word games I enjoyed on my nook	0	0	Bought in hopes of playing word games I enjoyed on my nook...there are none in the appstore. Dang. No Jeopardy. And...to not even find any beginning operations information with the kindle was not helpful since we couldn't even get it connected...someone suggested we Google it and then we were successful but that information SHOULD come with the kindle...(we had to click on go to another network or something). No word games??? REALLY??!! Dang.
R2C6UEAHXGPQAG	5.0	Perfect for the purple lover in you!	0	0	I absolutely love it. The color of the Kindle Fire, and the case I got, match perfectly and are gorgeous. Since I am a purple lover, this makes me so happy. The slim design makes it an easy fit in my purse. So handy to have all my settings, etc. automatically downloaded from my previous Kindle Fire in the set up process. Didn't even have to fiddle around with setting the clock. The picture is so sharp and clear for watching my videos.
RCB1KE6NSJE60	4.0	Good but no improvement on previous verson	0	0	Had a 7" Fire HD that had a touch screen that stopped responding. Replaced it with this 8" version and preferred the aspect ratio on the 7". I'm already noticing that touch screen does not always respond or respond correctly. When trying to eliminate the book mark, device will continuously jump to next page. At other times, tapping the margin does NOT move to next page. Is this a glitch? Old device worked better while it worked.
R3OTEN84NBWABD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Better than I thought, but sluggish switching between apps.
R1D2CR4RDFEHAG	2.0	I download games, I go to play them and ...	0	0	I download games, I go to play them and they wont play because they can not connect to the game server? I download books from the kindle store and I go to read them and they are not there. I look on my kindle app on the computer and I have them. Maybe 2 days later they show up, I don't want to read them two days later. These are the 2 main reasons I bought the tablet and they are seariously letting me down. They need to fix these issues.
R1312X5LSZOTEI	5.0	Very nice for the price!	0	0	I received this tablet from my husband recently as a gift. I had previously had the Kindle fire HD and loved it, so I could not imagine that I would not like this one! It is really a nice tablet, very user friendly and is very well designed. It has am android format so it is very much like my phone. I am very happy with it so far. If that changes, I will amend my statement. Would I recommend this tablet to a friend? Absolutely!
RHL8SK2RUT4QK	3.0	Still has growing pains	0	0	Still has growing pains. Excellent screen display. All of the apps from my 7 HDX uploaded automatically when I first logged onto my account. Having some trouble with the touch screed as it does not always respond to my first of second touch. When powering it down, have had to initiate the power down sequence as many as three times before it would respond to the OK touch command. Battery life not quite as good as my 7 HDX
R3BAIX6MJIC4FD	3.0	It's okay but not for the $147.00 that I paid	0	0	First let me say that I did not receive or noticed any special offers when I opened up the tablet. The tablet its self has very good screen resolution , but the thing I hate the most about it is that when you turn it on you are greeted with an ad for this or that and it won't let you open the screen right away. I guess it is just giving you time to respond to the add. My Iview tablet responds a lot quicker than the Fire
RA68FEHB6ZPVC	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	I am not happy with this Fire HD as I have had nothing but problems with it. The first one didn't work and so they sent me another one and it also don't work right. I am going to be calling them again with complant's. I really don't give it a four star, I give it a very poor rating
RKI9RXDAH8DFK	4.0	but overall this thing is pretty cool. I intended originally to use this thing ...	0	0	Using the cyber keyboard takes a bit of getting used to, but overall this thing is pretty cool. I intended originally to use this thing just for my classes (going for a second bachelor's degree), but with the apps and capabilities this thing has, I can see I will be using it for that and quite a bit more. The only issue I had with this was the whole "free offers" app (wasn't really all that useful to me).
R3R5ATZIPM1T70	3.0	Not the quality expected from Amazon	0	0	I am not impressed with this new version of the kindle. I own the HDX and the prior HD and am pleased with both of those. I understand that this is a value product however the quality of the screen pixels was disappointing. I was planning to give this as a gift and returned to purchase a refurbished HDX. I was very pleased with that. I would request that Amazon sell both a quality and a value tablet and let people choose.
RRGXZOIA5J0DT	2.0	Nice, but crippled by Lack of Amazon apps	0	0	Great screen, stunning sound, and they did away with the god-awful carousel. But I can't play Scrabble on it, whereas I could on earlier devices (the HDX line) and this puzzles and disappoints me. It can be a bit slow to respond at times. Overall, great for reading, listening to music, watching video, and checking Facebook. Battery life is ok. Good value for the money if you don't have the funds for an iPad or Mini. Update: xfinity to go doesn't work on this either. Quit stifling apps, Amazon! Either get me scrabble and xfinity or let us access the google play store. This is frustrating because these apps worked on previous fire models. Shame on you.
R3FSQEDTFVRTKR	4.0	I love my new Fire HD 8	0	0	I love my new Fire HD 8. It is much faster than my previous Fire's. Very light weight! You do need a cover of some kind as it is very slick and I've been afraid of dropping it. The new set up is very "tablet like". If I have any complaint, it is that the battery life is kind of lousy. I must charge it every day that I use it. This is the 3rd Fire and 4th Kindle that I have owned and they just keep getting better!
R21CYGMFRYH9Z0	4.0	That's Better	0	0	At first very disappointed as received device 10/ 15 and had to call tech support 10/18 as lost the Home Screen which tech support couldn't fix. While the first device was working it wasn't as good as my 3 yr old 7" Kindle Fire HD. Received a replacement 10/ 21 and very happy with it. Been using often with no glitches, much faster than my older Kindle. Perfect size, thin and light. A good tablet for the price.
R29M33GTSB9PPO	5.0	They loved it but the adds are annoying	1	1	Birthday gift. They loved it but the adds are annoying.
R244CDLJV55JYT	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I really love the Fire HD 8 - it is an awesome tablet...
R121Z2J1OQX7D	5.0	MY new fire 8 16gig	0	0	This is my first tablet it replaced mi IPod touch and my Microsoft Zume, I have had it for a month now and have added an 64 gig SD micro card by PNY and it showed up in memory rite away and I downloaded 2 movies to right away, I like the direct link to amazon prime account. yesterday I received my new ANKER Bluetooth keyboard and it had no problem linking to the fire so far I am very happy with this product
R2P1T2MODKB2	3.0	Just Good-bring back the old style With color!	0	0	I like updates on this, but I feel the device itself Feels cheap. I have five other kindles from the first up until the 2014 version which Also feels cheap. My other kindles( that are not colored) are built heavier and have a sturdier feel. I also have an 8.9 inch and it makes the 8 inch seem awkwardly long without that little bit of extra length. But the interface is great, so just make Sure you buy the warranty!
R2NQJPS3CAM5R1	3.0	Hope I made the right choice!!!	0	0	It was easy to set up, but difficult in setting up personal pages. Also I purchased the two year extended warranty and received no purchase receipt with my Kindle Fire HD 8. It is on my credit card, but no physical receipt received. I am sure it is something I will have to get used to using, but so far I am not impressed. I had a difficult decision between the I Pad mini and this, hope I made the right choice.
RISL9Y7UYV7NF	4.0	The other was much better suited to my purposes	0	0	I bought this item to replace the Paperwhite I thought I had lost. It was really too big for what I use it for, mainly reading. It also needed to fit in my purse since I travel. The other was much better suited to my purposes. Itt was alsodifficult to read out in the sunlight. Which is why I like the Paperwhite. Luckily I found my original, and did not want to carry another electronic item around while traveling.
R1AQUD1OZ5D0L3	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love this Kindle fire. Meets all my needs and wants. :)
R22U77UF73V9DW	1.0	This is the worse Kindle I have ever bought and I've owned 4 ...	0	0	This is the worse Kindle I have ever bought and I've owned 4 of them. I returned it after a week. You can't split the pages of a book and the clarity is horrible. Kindles have gone from good to better to worse. There is only few things good about this Kindle (1) the price is reasonable (2) you can up the GB and (3) it's good for a child. I'm hoping Amazon will come out with a new Fire 8 HDX w/ 16 GB soon.
R1UX78ZL7N0NGB	4.0	I would have very much have liked an instruction/user manual to have accompied it	0	0	I've only had this about a week, never owned a tablet before, so I am still trying to figure things out. I would have very much have liked an instruction/user manual to have accompied it. It did come with a wallet size 3 page picture only instruction to charge it and that is all. I would have like some guidance on how to use my amazon prime to view movies, maybe on my next day off I will have time to search.
RQT7BLGSZOTZ3	2.0	I guess I had thought the tablet was like mini laptop	0	0	I guess I had thought the tablet was like mini laptop, but no. It's very limited and if you plug in a portable storage drive, it doesn't read it. If it does, most of the video files are unreadable. I have movies and TV shows on the portable drive and I couldn't watch while traveling. On my laptop, I could. So, the tablet is only for paid streaming service. I'll have to figure out how to use this thing.
R1HPE5L9EMMPRB	5.0	Enjoy the New Purchase	0	0	So far, very pleased with newest addition to kindle family. I absolutely love being able to take my library on the go without the bulk. I understand Kindle is Amazon, but I wish they'd allow access to my other book and video apps (Kobo, Nook, Vudu, and such)...would be nice to have entire collection on one portable device (have them all on iPod, but kindle size is so much better!). All in all, great product
R186IWXN3G3QRG	5.0	Would buy it again.	1	1	Good price and size, overall impressive little tablet.
R2JANYMOJUNC17	5.0	great.!!!	1	1	I never owned one before but now that I do. I love it.
R2TICFCIZF7EG0	4.0	this is a good one. But don't expect it to replace an ...	0	0	The product was everything it was advertised to be. If you are looking for an improvement on paperweight, this is a good one. But don't expect it to replace an ipad, because, it cannot. I use it to stream via netflix, Skype and read books, and it served it's purpose for all three uses. The only negative thing I found, which lead to only 4 stars and not five, is the battery life. Items drained very fast.
R1ENQ4JGGBKL8B	3.0	Disappointed,	0	0	I was unable to transfer or load some games and apps from my old kindle fire. Apparently, the techno configuration has been changed. They changed the sizes so had to buy a new case. It does not hold a charge very long. Have to take an extra step to go to settings,apps and turn off apps manually if you had had any open. Why amazon couldn't leave the simple program on board with this "upgrade"
R361TZKGTXQX2P	4.0	I like my Fire HD 8	0	0	I like my Fire HD 8. obviously having the larger screen makes a difference,and there are extra features that are also a plus. the touch screen does not seem to be as sensitive as my other kindle and it has a shorter battery life, I have to charge it daily, where the other version would go several days before I had to charge it up with the same usage. Other then that it is a great device. I recommend it.
R3IP6CI5C6N53D	5.0	Fire HD 8, 8" Wi-Fi 8GB	0	0	Love it. Best Kindle I have owned. I have only owned it for two weeks but I am already in love. Navigating thru the apps is a breeze. Faster response. And flipping back and forth between screens is a breeze. Reminds me of the experience you have with higher priced devices in all of its functions. This will be the last tablet I will need for a long time. I am looking forward to a long love realtionship
R5XTN90Y9BNHV	5.0	Great Tablet especially for the price!	0	0	This has been a great tablet so far. Light weight, fast, I like the new operating system and Micro SD Card expansion. One thing that does get annoying for me is the screen does not auto dim. I go from sitting in the family room to reading at night in my bedroom and when you turn it on it is very bright or the opposite you can barely see it in a bright room if I manually dimmed it for night reading.
R2HJTRJS9SSCA	2.0	Slow, weak, and frustrating.	0	0	I am very disappointed in the performance of this device. It is incredibly slow in everything that it attempts. I would not suggest purchasing it until it is improved upon. It also loses a charge very quickly. I stop all tasks before trying a new one and this device loses a percentage point per minute, and takes almost half as long to recharge. This is my third Kindle and the worst one I have owned.
R29IVEBO9Z3CQS	2.0	Great for accessing Amazon content, but doesn't cut it as a full fledged mini-tablet.	0	0	Great for accessing Amazon media, but doesn't quite make it as a multipurpose tablet. Hard or impossible to download many useful third party apps with its proprietary version of android. Apps that do load don't integrate with Google. Looks great, but a bit slow. If you are looking for an additional device specifically for Amazon books and video, then this is it. If you need a multipurpose device that fits in a jacket pocket, keep looking.
RG1N1FJ7BV0VN	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Love it except for the pop up ads when you turn it on
R3VPK6PJH01FC0	5.0	but so far I love it!	1	1	I just recieved it last week , but so far I love it!!
R2JHKTAG9DD3M9	3.0	disappointed	0	0	Disappointed. Screen requires more than one touch before it reacts. If I had known that I could not store books on sd card I would have ordered 16gb but did not realize this until return period was over. 8gb is too small for use. Next time I need a tablet I will surely do more research beforeordering. This does not seem to be as good quality as kindle e-readers which I own several and love them
R4771DMV9I5PN	5.0	The Fire has come a long way	0	0	This thing is an amazing deal. It's not as snappy transitioning between tasks as an iPad mini, but it's also a fraction of the cost. The standout is absolutely the Dolby sound when I watch movies or tv shows on it. I would say the only drawback is app selection, even so there's plenty here. I play StarWars KOTOR and StarWars Pinball on it and amazon studios games. They run great. Very satisfied.
R3BJ7VD1X747UD	2.0	This is a seriously limitation like all of the previous fire OS tablets	0	0	This tablet could include normal android functionality but amazon intentionally limits it to it's own amazon services. This is a seriously limitation like all of the previous fire OS tablets. I just don't fully understand why they would want to provide less functionality on intention. The tablet itself is a budget device which works pretty okay. However, it's severely limited by Amazon's design.
R1VZZDI0AOHO6D	4.0	A rather good tablet (hardware) with some pending software tweaks	0	0	A rather good tablet (hardware) with some pending software tweaks... So far it's been great... There have been minor things such as having to tap twice to get to things instead of just once and... There is a lag of a few seconds when opening apps or talking to change screens within some Amazon apps... Overall a great experience, but please fix the tap and the lag problems.
R125REE1KTAHNQ	3.0	I was disappointed that my other kindle died after 2 tears	0	0	I was disappointed that my other kindle died after 2 tears. Reluctantly I bought another one because all my purchased stuff was on it. There is no technical support to check or repair a faulty device. This is something Mr. Bezos should look at. I am losing faith in Amazon reliability. New one is completely different and more difficult to use. If this one does not last then that's it for Amazon.
R6QZ5DE5ULOFU	3.0	Very annoying. Can't get rid of the Amazon "bloatware apps" ...	0	0	Hard to initialize the operating system once powered off. Keeps telling me to swipe to the right over till I hit " Explore More" on the top right. Very annoying. Can't get rid of the Amazon "bloatware apps" Why are you always trying to sell me something ?? Not like my old trusty Fire O/S. O/S keeps skipping and restarting. Not sure why. Still learning.
R1B8TUTIHTQ7ZB	4.0	Lighter device	1	1	So much lighter than my fire HD 8.9inch,faster also
R11HPJVIXDMSM8	1.0	This thing is a complete piece of garbage. I have never had a worse tablet	0	0	This thing is a complete piece of garbage. I have never had a worse tablet. I had no issues with the hdx or 1st gen kindle. This thing is complete disaster battery life terrible charging cord short terrible operating system is the worst I have seen long download times error pages my god kindle what a mess up this is I'll be returning and never by a product again from Amazon totally unhappy
R2PBAZK4S5PA7S	4.0	Nice Addition to My Other Gizmos!	0	0	If you are involved with the Amazon eco-system, particularly if you have Prime this or another model is a must have, especially if you listen to a lot of music. This pad pairs with my receiver almost immediately, giving me a really, really nice Music Menu. Only issue I have is the touch sensitivity sucks, hence 4 stars instead of five. Not a deal breaker but decidedly need improvement.
RIIBTMAHI1JUL	4.0	Silk browser still is pretty bad. Apps sometimes crash when loading	0	0	Given that I use a tablet for mostly video watching offline the hd 8 is a keeper. But it is not without issues. The wi-fi signal fades when holding in landscape mode were the left hand covers the antenna or something. Silk browser still is pretty bad. Apps sometimes crash when loading. But for side-loading chrome and tubemate for offline use its fine with me. Like the 8" form factor.
R39CYDDX92B63P	5.0	Fire HD 8" tablet	0	0	I love my new fire tablet. It is larger than the original one. I can put up to 128 GB memory card in the expandable memory slot, which you could not do on the original Fire tablet. I just hope it does not stop working after three years like the first one I bought. But looking on the bright side, it is a heck of a lot better in picture and storage, not to mention, a larger screen.
R3SQ7PDY5GAPKQ	4.0	It's OK	0	0	i had an HD 7 which I loved but recently shattered the screen. with the launch of the 8 thought it was worth the cost to upgrade. I like the size display and the ease of start up and syncing to my old info. However maneuvering between apps and even while in an app it frequently lags or freezes altogether. Glad I bought the 2 year "everything" warranty. I think I may need it.
RKWDYDVMTYANQ	5.0	This product would be perfect for me	0	0	This product would be perfect for me. However, it's for my mom who is a stroke victim. We got it because of its ability to change the font size; enabling her to see words in books she is interested in reading, also, having the ability to play audio books. So far, it has been too much of a challenge for her to even get it started... good product for anyone without these obstacles.
R1N757WL6JK34V	4.0	Mixed Bag	0	0	Mixed review here, love the screen clarity and resolution. Love that both the power and audio jack are on the same side if the device. I did not like the way they are on the 7 inch model. Do not like the new operating system, not at all. Does not seem to be as responsive as older model. However, I will state that I need to spend more time than I have on the system.
RJIB1QK85CJVQ	3.0	... reason for purchase was that Amazon Prime members can easily download any TV show or movie from their watch ...	0	0	This was my first tablet and the primary reason for purchase was that Amazon Prime members can easily download any TV show or movie from their watch list to the device. Also, Fire users can get some good deals on books. Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase. The only two negatives I can think of are battery life (about 4 hours) and performance (sometimes a little slow).
R1M7CVQ30MD023	3.0	Software Update Installation every time I turn on my new Kindle	0	0	I just received the Fire JHD 8 last Friday; and whenever I turn it on, it shows "Installing the latest software - This will take approximately 10 minutes to complete." How many times will the latest software install? Is there anything I need to do to make sure my Kindle is up-to-date with any and all software updates without waiting 10 minutes every time I turn it on? UPDATE: I chatted with Amazon about this problem; and after resetting my Kindle to factory defaults, it seemed to solve the problem. I was told that if I have further problems to let them know, and they will send a replacement. I appreciate the support Amazon provides.
R2S96I225IG6OQ	2.0	Below Average - returned it for HDX 7.	0	0	I ended up returning this item and relacing it wit the HDX 7. I was not thrilled with mayday screen sharing; as I preferred the actual mayday face to face interaction. Also the performance was slow and the movie graphics and screen resolution left a lot to be desired. I don't seethe point in advertising movies if the device has sub par graphics. I am pleased with my HDX 7.
R27B6O98O30AXC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love this Kindle Fire HD 8! Worth every penny!!!
R36ACNE5182PD6	5.0	Fire HD8	1	1	Nice size tablet with good apps and zero problems.
R3RETW5JPMTF5W	5.0	Good Product and size	0	0	I buy kindles for people in living centers and those learning to read ( other folks) . Good size for the elder to hold and the print can really be enlarged.. They love to Have the bible and bibles games where they can see and read .The games are easier to play also. I gave one today that the comment will warm my heart forever.. She said " You made me Kool-Aid smile"
R1Y35JC6420TGF	5.0	The best Kindle to date!	0	0	The Best Kindle to date! I have every generation of the Kindle and this one finally has capabilities to boost the memory with an insertable card. I use my Kindle every day for reading the newspapers or watching a movie or listening to a book or maybe watching classic television programs. Simply stated, I highly recommend Kindle and especially the current Fire HD 8. Enjoy!
RZ1TWGPYYQW09	5.0	My 4th Kindle is a winner.	0	0	I am so happy I finally upgraded to the Fire HD 8. This is my 4th Kindle. The screen is clear and colorful. The size is larger than my last Fire but still small and thin enough to fit in my purse. The interface is a bit different than I am used to but not hard to get used to. I specially like that I can upgrade my storage with a Sd card. Another winner from Amazon..
R3UWC6B1M471ON	4.0	Nice for the Price!	0	0	I'm having fun learning the ins and outs of the Fire HD8. It looks great, feels comfortable, and I'm looking forward to getting the most out of it. You can't beat the price as it compares to other tablets, but I gave up some "familiar" features by not buying a tablet from the bitten fruit company. The Fire HD8 still holds its own and I hope it doesn't disappoint.
R158O3O6TCSZJ4	1.0	Slow, Clunky, Slow, No Google Apps	0	0	Slow, dreadfully slow. And no access to google apps. Only side loading or YouTube instructions on installing apps from the phone are available. Even my old Lenovo tablet from three years ago runs faster then Fire HD 8 with 16 GB. I am returning this one again, and I will never buy another fire HD tablet.
R39M2M8WR19GXE	4.0	Fire HD 8.8	0	0	I am still working on it. The biggest problem I have is it sometimes takes 3 or 4 times to shut down. It seems to have a very sensitive touch spot. If you don't move fast enough it doesn't shut down. Another problem is even though I synced it with other other kindle devices, it did not pick up my email contacts. It is difficult to remove books I have already read.
R31YBC3H2VFDB4	5.0	I love it and all its features	0	0	This is small and just the right size to take with you everywhere. I love it and all its features. I use it to read mostly, but you can do quite a few things besides read. You can play games, get on the internet, read, etc. It is well worth the money. I am very happy with it. I take it with me most places so if I have to wait on someone or something I can read!
R3ML9R5K3U5BZT	5.0	Love it!	0	0	I haven't experienced the problems others have had with the OS or the sound -- I've watched several movies, and the picture is clear and sound is fantastic. I'm not much of a game player, but did download a few and played them, and I was glad to see that my Kindle books from my phone were available on my tablet. Overall, good speed, great sound and great graphics
REUAHSYPBAMYI	4.0	Happy so far	0	0	I'm still playing with it however it seems to be working out quite well. I do like the screen size and clarity. The pictures I've taken turned out looking very clear and that's a plus! The only con I can see at the moment is that it will not upload certain apps that I use regularly. Note to self purchase the protective case at the same time as pursing the unit.
R28CAMA2O3EWGU	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love the big display and the clarity is amazing!
R384LNCIS5MKK	5.0	Didn't think I would like it, but......	0	0	I've always hedged on getting a Fire. But after my Asus Transformer Prime (from 4 years ago) finally died, it was time to get something.different. I've absolutely enjoyed this tablet and have had no issues with it. I've used GetJar.com to install other apps that I have needed that were not in the app store. It all works great. Very happy with the purchase.
R1FFZ8SN14CZ8O	5.0	GREAT UNIT	0	0	I purchased the original Kindle Fire and the Fire HD 8 is a vast improvement over that product, I can quickly scroll down items on the unit click on the desired program and have it load quickly and move to another program with ease. The Fire HD 8 connects to wi-fi with ease in areas that were not available with my original Fire and keep loaded longer each time.
R2OBR2IKHDDD30	5.0	What a great value for the price	0	0	What a great value for the price! It is easier to carry than an I-Pad and it has a high definition display. I have had a Kindle for many years and resisted the purchase of the Fire...now I wonder why I waited so long. With an illuminated screen, I can read the Fire at night without turning on any lights. I strongly recommend it. Edgar L. Cortes, MD.
R5HCWEFUDGQHM	4.0	Good for the price	0	0	I sadly broke my iPad. I wasn't ready to pay the price for the iPad and decided to give this a try, because all I really need is a tablet for apps and videos. This works well for that purpose. I find the ads VERY annoying. I wish I had paid a little extra to have no ads. It definitely does not work smoothly like an iPad but it works well for the price.
R20TH2KAPNXXYC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love the kindle fire. I can't be without mine
R1QW0YLUCBE9VW	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Seems like it has everything I need in a tablet
R1W9MWR13ZE4XN	5.0	a wonderful back button	0	0	I am exceptionally please with my HD Fire. It has so many options, so much to learn. this is the first "smart" item I have ever bought. It has every thing needed to learn, i.e., tutorials, a wonderful back button!, lists of things it can do and instructions as how to apply. The color is wonderful. I couldn't have started out with anything better.
R31BGU598VPIEQ	4.0	Not supported by Mayday	0	0	I am generally pleased with the new HD 8. However, the Amazon sales person from whom I purchased the unit by phone assured me twice that all new, 5th generation Kindle HD units are supported by the on line Mayday help feature. This is NOT true. Mayday is not compatible with any of the new HD's. If I had known that, I would have bought an HDX instead.
R18MX6T5E3M75W	2.0	Terribly slow transitioning between apps	0	0	Terribly slow transitioning between apps. Once you are watching Video or anything media it is ok. Scrolling though facebook wall is jagged and not smooth at all. Looks nice, but terribly frustrating starting and switching between apps. It's almost 2016, I don't care how cheap it is, stuff like this should not be happening on a flagship type product.
R3EZGGQEXBV7T2	4.0	Great value for the price.	0	0	I have had my new kindle for less than a week. It is replacing a Fire HDX7 that had an unexpected meeting with a concrete patio. So far it has more than exceeded my expectations. I took it out of the box and within 10 minutes I was using it. Setup was easy, it has good features that my other Kindle didn't have. I think the value for the price is great.
R26CEEEVF3C5T9	5.0	Perfect for what it is!	0	0	A great tablet for 'consuming' entertainment. The screen is beautiful. The Amazon apps are varied and diverse. This will be great for playing games, watching movies and reading books or magazines. I've found Amazon products to be not only well made - but they all have great support. Perfect for what it is!
R12E6GAD567IY6	4.0	Lighter and less expensive than my old fire.	0	0	This is a great e-reader and i love that its lighter in weight than my previous fire.. The only complaint that I have is that the back is slick and harder to hold than the older one that seemed to have a better grip. I don't use any case and tend to hold my tablets in my hand when I read them. This was a great price and I am very happy with it.
R1RWK4O8S46490	3.0	Battery Life - Rates One Star	0	0	I like everything about this device EXCEPT the battery life. Bring a cable wherever you go, because you will need it. I spend more time watching the battery go empty, than I do reading. Very nice, but it isn't a practice, mobile platform. There's no way for me to upgrade the battery, so it ends up being a big waste of $150.00, for me, anyway.
R1EZ2X1JEMSAKB	5.0	it is perfect! And I have the latest ipad	2	3	For the money, it is perfect! And I have the latest ipad! This is for pure fun! Movie watching, reading, Facebook, etc. I do not expect it to run like any other tablet! I take it everywhere. If stolen or lost I will just go out and buy another. Cannot say that about an iPad.p
R1TD10SBG6RNEB	5.0	Lighter and quicker.	0	0	Excellent compared to my fire hd 8.9. It's lighter, came in more colors (makes it easier to find) & it seems faster. The screen seems to have a mind of its own some times. Taps don't register in middle of screen bur edges seem over sensitive. I like it though, but I have yet to find ANY tablet that is as comfortable to read as a printed book.
R23INZCHM6MZVT	5.0	Money Well Spent	0	0	I absolutely love my Kindle Fire HD 8. I have had it for almost a month and used it every single day. It is lightweight for easy reading or gaming. The battery outlasts my Nexus tablet and my Samsung S5 phone. The appstore has all of the same apps that i love from google play. So far there is nothing that i have found that i dislike about it.
R1U63W64JYIR75	5.0	Perfect size & not heavy	0	0	This is a beautiful tablet. I had originally ordered the HD 6, but returned it due to the smaller size. I have a Samsung Note & I felt like it was the same size as that phone. This is great for reading online while I'm watching TV (multi tasking LOL). It is so sleek & not heavy at all. I love it! And I'm very happy with my purchase!
RKFU6FM4JSNT9	5.0	love the larger	1	1	Everything I expected, love the larger screen
R2Q5APOG1M9UPH	5.0	Love my kindle!	1	1	Great size... Love the display, fast loading!
R3DDO6MRNSY13I	5.0	Great New Product!	0	0	This product does everything I purchased it for. No hidden 'surprises' or unexpected disappointments. My only regret is that it does not explain so that I can understand, how to retrieve my photos and videos from my previous Kindle and put them on my current device. The new camera is great, the ability to increase the storage is fantastic.
RZ14ETH75GKXE	4.0	Good product, great price	0	0	Good product, great price! The tablet is not the fastest tablet I've used, it can take a couple of seconds to wake up or switch applications. This is not a problem once you're in the application. Make certain you have enough memory, it doesn't take much time to fill up the 16GB memory. Again at this price these are minor concessions.
R19CJ23UPQENWP	5.0	In summary this is a reliable, durable,and beautifully made tablet that every house should have.	0	0	Wow it's enovation. the camera films well, the processor works like lightning, and the there are new features like firefly and display surprises. I must say the greatest things are that it is so durable and the price is so reasonable you can't beat it. The last thing is that the speakers are significantly louder than previous version's.
R180ATUENMMIJN	1.0	Worst purchase I've ever made from Amazon	2	3	Worst purchase I've ever made from Amazon. First shipped HD8 would not work even to get it registered. Amazon sent me a replacement. I've had the replacement for two days and it already is not working. I'll be asking for a refund. Don't waste your time.
R1ULPBY1UMBPLW	5.0	This tablet so far is great. HD is on point	0	0	This tablet so far is great. HD is on point. Its really thin and light weight.....(that scared me). If your anything like me and have butterfingers PLEASE purchase the SUPCASE heavy duty case cover. I was so impressed with this case. I wouldn't use my Fire HD until I got this case. It came in 48hrs. Love the combo. Get your today.!!!!
R1ULAZFJ0NX4TR	1.0	I hate it!!!	0	0	It is glitch to use - is less well supported in that you have limited ability to contact a knowledgeable human being at the company. Finding information is overwhelmingly complicated as I don't understand much of the information I find when I'm seeking answers. It is absolutely the last purchase of any kind of equipment from Amazon.
R34M2PADC4A2FE	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Everything I expected after owning 2 others!
R3V4M9LQVZEU9H	3.0	Nice but needs work	0	0	Love the size and it is easy to use, but it takes awhile to download and blacks out sometimes while you're reading or playing a game. It is sometimes hard to touch it to go, you have to tap it a few times or have to hit it hard. It is nice and light. It doesn't bring up all of my game when I hit games. But it is nice for the money.
R3RJ2E9R1FGT9A	5.0	I love this device	0	0	I love this device. I just received it last week and it's already become my favorite. I really liked that it immediately transferred over all my account downloads from my older Amazon Fire device. It's performed extremely well and the 8" screen makes it easy on the eyes while reading books. Very pleased with this purchase.
R2J0NBG6KCT6DQ	4.0	Kindle Fire HD8	0	0	Still trying to get used to this device...haven't had it long and I'm old......but hubby is enjoying his audio books and the ease of ordering them. Maybe should have rated it a 5 but I'm from the school where there's always room for improvement.....otherwise why would these companies keep releasing "new, improved models?"
R2I1NDIMDDR12Q	5.0	Love it so far!	4	6	Granted I have only had it for a couple days, but I love it! Very light, and it's different from my kindle HDX I had which I liked. Cool set up! I'm still learning about it but any questions go ahead and ask!
R2CYZ2TNAXES5O	5.0	Nice upgrade, I'm glad I bought it.	0	0	Nice upgrade from my original Fire 8.9 device, which was getting to feel slow and old and outdated. Nice crisp screen, which seems almost as big but in a trimmer, lighter case, and it even seems to hold a charge longer. Gotta get used to a different interface, which has some good and some awkward changes. I'm glad I bought it.
R2KA1GZECTBCIS	5.0	Fits perfect! I wish there would have been better colors ...	0	0	Fits perfect! I wish there would have been better colors to choose from. I'm not a flashy person so I went with the navy, but a dark green would have been cool. Other than that, I have no problems. With dogs and cats in the house, I really like having the protection of this case. It puts me at ease knowing that it's safer!
R1UKOWEZY277SE	5.0	great item	1	1	love it but wish it had longer battery life
R2CL3Y5WIOXOFS	5.0	Happy	0	0	Very happy with this new kindle and it's added features. I like that the screen is brighter then on my old kindle and the battery lasts longer which is important to me. When i got it i ordered a cover right away because it is slippery and i feared i would drop it. So far i can't find anything to be unhappy with. Thanks amazon
R2B0W7USM7I7L0	2.0	Amazon blocks other tablets from fully using storage space like SD cards	2	3	SMALL. Have a ten inch android tablet, but had to purchase this one so I could use the download feature on Instant Video. Amazon blocks other tablets from fully using storage space like SD cards. The company basically forces you to buy their own products.
R19D1NRT1S80KT	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	Great tablet . It brings you the perfect entertainment experience. I am a little film buff so this tablet lets me check out the latest in movies and allows me to store them in one device. I also use it in college to take notes and it works great for students as well. I hope amazon keeps making great products for low prices.
R25BRRSRECYN6U	5.0	The WIFI receiver seems strange with good range. Battery life is good	0	0	I am not familiar with Android OS but was able to quickly navigate the Kindle Fire. The WIFI receiver seems strange with good range. Battery life is good. The touch screen isn't overly sensitive to the touch. I like the weight and size of this 8 inch device, it can be held with one hand. The screen resolution is excellent.
R3EFEJJI9HD40W	1.0	White spots on screen	0	0	Loved it at first, light, the right size and did everything I needed it to do although the battery life was a bit sad. Now after a few weeks there are two bright white spots on the screen that make it hard to read. I have kept it in a case from the moment it came out of the box and have not dropped it. Very disappointed
R3O7PMM5LWAOFF	5.0	everything i was wanting	2	3	Everything I was looking for! This tablet is ideal for reading. If you try to user it for social media it might lag more but keeping it for one purpose and avoiding having all your books sto red on the device at one time will probably help this. I love it!
R16JFF506BVHI4	4.0	I must say that this tablet is a great product for the price	0	0	After 4 days of having this device and using it excessively, I must say that this tablet is a great product for the price. It is a bit slow, a bit laggy, but I don't mind the small glitches as I only paid $180 for it(16gb model). The screen quality is sufficient for a tablet and it is VERY comfortable to hold and read on.
R17A81MQQ2X6V6	4.0	Fine, except.......	0	0	The device worked fine and operation was fairly intuitive, except for too many disconnects from streaming music, which is my prevalent use. Returned the 8" HD and subsequently ordered the 7" fire. Had a first Gen Fire and it streamed well, but it died. I hope the new 7" fire works as well as that one did.
R2KURJC1259R6Z	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	great price, HD is really crisp and clear.
R2JMRBKTR1ZPIW	5.0	Beautiful Fire!	0	0	Bought this for my husband and we both love it. It's very nice looking and comes packaged really well. I was playing with it last night and it comes with a lot of really cool apps and free stuff. We x an have 2 adults and 3 kids stored in its memory for seperate use. I recommend this. It's perfect for what we needed!
R2DEQF5YTK9VP4	4.0	My new kindle HD	0	0	My new kind fire H D is my second kindle fire the first one is at k best 5 years old so I'm going to use one for games and one for the rest.so far my only problem is I can't load the wether channel ,I have it on my old one I guess I will have to call .if I can't have it on my new kindle I am going to be ready upset.
RA46I56ED3YZF	4.0	Once I got rid of the advertisement	0	0	If there were half stars I would have given this a 3-1/2 just because of the massive inundation of advertising which I would call obstructive. It was so bad that I ended up paying the $15 to get it off so I could actually use it for what it was intended. Otherwise the machine worked as it should and as I expected.
R30H8NBN2IXQCY	5.0	A much needed upgrade	0	0	I owned the kindle fire 2nd edition 8 GB and i got this as a replacement. I am in love with this one! it's thinner and lightweight. I love the expandable storage. Even for a first kindle of somebody i'd recommend this one. I also love the frustration free packaging. One flip of your finger and it's free!
R1RCJZJ47O3X01	5.0	I absolutely love my Kindle Fire HD 8	0	0	I absolutely love my Kindle Fire HD 8. It is worth 5 stars! It does so much more than I expected it to! 99℅ of everything that I was hoping it would do. There is only some small little things I haven't yet found out if I will be able to do. But overall, I'm beyond happy with this. I ordered 6 more for my family!
R2RHHIFVO469PX	4.0	Great for the price	0	0	I received it quickly,I love the size and the new look of it,the only complaint I have is my old kindle held 7 hour charge while in use ,this one 3 hour charge while in use ,but I can and will overlook it but worth the money. Have had it for a few weeks,so far so good.if anything starts acting up I will revise .
RKEBL6FUYPM2B	1.0	I'm disappointed with the device	0	0	I'm disappointed with the device. Every time I move the device, it is SO eager to close whatever I was doing to show me crap publicity. Sometimes I just barely touch the case and suddenly it closes to show me more crap that I will not definitively buy in my life. It is so annoying that I prefer my old Kindle!
R3MBP7BC32G7DZ	5.0	The Kindle Fire is Amazing! I often lose track of time while using ...	0	0	The Kindle Fire is Amazing! I often lose track of time while using it! I really enjoy and am amazed by how many different things you can do on it. The screen is really clear and the graphics are amazing! I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a Kindle that is multipurpose! Amazon has done it again!!
R3F07BZG0A7GCO	1.0	Android software not compatible	0	0	Wow, I broke the screen on my last kindle. Replaced it with the 8". Couldn't wait to get it and play my games. But wait. My favorite time waster was not compatible with the new android software. So I am returning it. And I'll be buying the 6". Or not. I am now shopping for a different product.
R204Z4ROS3DZAA	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it! Exactly what I was looking for!
R367HC3TAAJSAI	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I have three kindled and I love them all
R3MBI63DOPABDD	5.0	Love my kindle!	0	0	I had a 7" it broke and I wanted another one. This is slim and easy to handle. Love the size and functions. Purchased a 32gb memory card because I couldn't get one with a larger memory. Few changes from my older one. Still trying to figure out some of them.Would recommend to anyone to purchase.
R1FHWDCTPZDYA3	4.0	great fun!	0	0	1st tablet so can't compare...like the size, wish the charging cord was longer....freezes every so often.....sound and visuals are VERY nice...bought an inexpensive case and it now seems like the only way to go. GREAT for late night reading or viewing Amazon PRIME with headphones...all around good buy.
R1R3NKPKI4FJAQ	5.0	Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend to replace ...	0	0	Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend to replace her older kindle from a few years back that started to act up and didn't hold a charge for long enough. The specs didn't really jump up too far on this new model from past ones but it seems smoother and more refined, as well as a thinner package.
R1CIVJ61N9CKWU	5.0	Awesome kindle HD	0	0	I own a few kindle I love the size of this kindle I love the fill the thinness I like the HD screen many colors to choose from I like the reader it do do all your reading stuff from and social media and blog all about your books but there is slight glitches in it that I hope they fix soon.
RI9FEQ6FHXXMO	5.0	so far love my new Kindle	0	0	so far love my new Kindle, You cant use it for a tablet but anything you can do on amazon you can do on here. I have a laptop and android phone so I mostly use mine for reading and movies anyways so It is perfect for me. A little surprised at the shape, longer. but its ok still gets the job done.
R3IW0Y5G2DP68Z	5.0	Great kindle	0	0	I had to get used to it, since I had one of the "first" ones. But I really like it!! Only thing when I have a question about it, I cannot get through because the lines are lined up. But other than that, I can other buy books without worrying about storage. Also I love the camera!!!!
R2O17UHF1LIMMG	5.0	Kindle 8	0	0	This kindle 8 is all I expected, which is great. It is really lighter weight than my old fire,which still works, by the way. The new one is easier to take with me. The ports wore out on my old one and I assumed it would cost more than a new one to fix. So, I am really happy with my kindle 8.
R1YU6ONGNIE2QF	4.0	I've only owned it for two weeks but very happy. I have't been able to locate Mayday which ...	0	0	I previously owned Fire HDX(don't know why it's no longer available). I find the Fire HD 8 easier to use. I've only owned it for two weeks but very happy. I have't been able to locate Mayday which was available on the HDX models. I look forward to having the HD 8 for a longer period of time.
R2JBTWAAKCQY55	4.0	Kindle fire Hd 8	0	0	Like the hex better. The larger screen isn't worth the trade off. Miss mayday. Thanks some getting used to with things in different places. Recommend office suite pro for productivity on 8. With 9 w charger charges very fast. If you can get used to the different format then things aren't to bad.
R32QVQSNZ1NDFA	4.0	My wife's new favorite toy!	0	0	My wife loves it BUT, no instructions as to operation. Our son is in IT and had to set it up for her to use. Somehow Amazon assigned my name to my wife's gift; no problem until she started receiving all my email! Once again our son to the rescue. So be prepared for some initial frustration.
R3NV4ATX29Q1ZA	4.0	which I love. I've had no problems what-so-ever	0	0	I bought this just to have a backup, for travel. Didn't buy it to replace my 8.9 HDX, which I love. I've had no problems what-so-ever, although, I have read some bad reviews. The only thing I am unhappy with, is the new material being used on the back. Would rather have the non-slippery back
R29O5A79VAO64P	1.0	I do not like it at all and will be returning it	4	6	I do not like it at all and will be returning it.. It is hard to program and no brightter or sharper than old kindle. I was sooo disappointed, I had really looked forward to it.
R27JNONU1UP5O2	4.0	I love the large screen and the pixels as well as ...	0	0	I love the large screen and the pixels as well as its lightness. Camera is awesome. Had no instructions and too slick got hold . Had to turn around and order a cover. Being a Senior Citizen I need a hand held instruction book and I was told it is not available. Sad for us non tech older ppl.
R335J4IFGT48M7	3.0	Its alright for the price	1	2	So after about a week with the HD 8 ive determined that there are a couple of major drawbacks. First of all no GPS and no possibility of attaching cell service is a huge downside to any of the amazon tablets. You could pick up a cheap LG tablet at your phone provider for around the same price and you wont need to fumble around with wifi hotspots ect with your tablet. No GPS means a lot of the apps wont work unless on a wifi network. I'm having some issues loading up the device with downloaded media content from amazon prime. I figured id toss a season or two of shows on the device for emergency, no wifi, entertainment. Its continually having issues downloading. I went to download a boatload of shows and it goes into queues for downloading, over the course of a day and a half one episodes been downloaded the second is partially but getting network errors for no reason, on a good stable and fast wifi connection at home. I sort of regret getting the 32gig memory card its going to take ages to even use it at this rate. No option to download the episodes on my desktop then transfer to the tablet. The device tends to chug under pressure and has frozen up on me a few times (might be related to trying to download media) and I have to hold down the power button until my finger hurts to get it to force restart. At first I thought the tablet was dead for good had to read about the force restart. It seems to me that the actual real life functionality of the amazon tablets are to do stuff while watching tv at home, and that's about it. I don't see the point of having access to the plethora of amazon prime media when it seems to resist downloading content for future use off network. It streams just fine but I don't need to stream media at home on my wifi, I can watch it on my huge monitor or tv. Everything else good about this tablet can be done just as well on any smart phone and can be done "on the go" which cant be done on the amazon tablet...unless you know your going somewhere with wifi. I sort of wish I just got a tablet when getting my new cell phone, as I saw some ok tablets there for around the same price as the amazon tablets, they all had the ability to use the amazon media, id have built in GPS and cell phone data use available for on the go. I'm not upset with the product, but its certainly well behind any tablet you could pick up at any carriers wireless store. Go for the super cheap tablet...even if I cant believe how good the speakers are on my HD 8 I feel its more of an easier way to access the web and email while I'm at home on my couch with my wifi watching tv...and for that you wont need the better screen or surprisingly awesome speakers...unless you enjoy the concept of always running a hot spot off your phone to your tablet draining the battery on two devices.
R4FI18OHVAO2W	3.0	It feels much more comfortable in my hands	1	2	So, as with any other Kindle review I will start by saying: I am a huge fan of Kindle Fire tablets. I owned,or still own every Kindle Fire tablet. Pros: This Kindle is much thinner than its previous models. It feels much more comfortable in my hands. Expansion card slot is a welcome change, but I will have something about that in the miss column as well. The price: This is by far not the cheapest 8" tablet, but this is, by far, the most loaded and most feature packed tablet. (I know, I know, Samsung...bla bla bla) Battery life: I am very impressed with he battery life. I am a heavy reader and a heavy tablet user in general. After 4 days of fairly heavy use, the battery is still at 50%. My iPad can't even do this. Misses: (these are, in my opinion are things that are not good, but not necessarily bad either) I don't know why, but every finger print shows up highlighted on this tablet.I mean, it is driving me crazy!!!! Yes, the tablet is glossy and all, but I am having to wipe it down every afternoon. Expansion card slot: I like how Amazon was doing it't own thing with tablets. Similar to Apple. But now, I feel like Amazon is becoming just another tablet maker. The new Kindle is nice, but it feels just like another tablet. In my opinion, if it wasn't for the giant Amazon logo on its back, people wouldn't know that it is a Kindle. The new OS: I really liked the previous version of Amazon's OS. It was user friendly, even for children. And I am sure, I will get used to the new OS, but again, it feels just like another Android OS... it is not special. Cons: Performance!!! This tablet is not a good performance tablet. Makes you wonder if Amazon really tested their own devices. This tablet lags so much, that at times I wonder if it is frozen.I feel like Amazon took a major step back with their new tablets. Screen: Screen resolution sucks!!!! Again, while companies like Apple and Samsung are trying to make their tablets have the highest resolution screens possible, Amazon is doing the opposite. Find a friend with Kindle Fire HDX and compare the screens... You will be amazed. Overall, for the price this is a decent tablet. Don't expect it to be high end or even a middle end tablet. For the price, you can probably find a lot better tablets. With that said, you can't beat Amazon's amazing services that come along with the tablet.
R3V6S0TYTQDEZB	4.0	Great Product for Anybody! Recommend to anybody.	0	0	The fire HD 8 is an excellent tablet. This is my first tablet I've ever owned and I learned to operate it real easily. The tablet is good for entertainment such as music,movies,books and browsing the web. The only drawback I found is that your tablet is not compatible with my brother printer.
R31KG58GLS8XAU	5.0	Amazing Product	0	0	This product is very easy to use, I gave it to my 78 year old grandma and she loves it. She hasn't had any problems figuring apps out herself. She loves the bigger font so she can be able to read easier. She likes being able to have pictures. It's light weight for her to carry in her purse.
R1WJLBY2MBQEEB	4.0	I'm pleased with my purchase.	0	0	I don't have a smart phone, so this makes up for that, plus having a larger screen to look at so these old eyes don't have to strain so much. Plus the quality of viewing picture, I'm pleased with my purchase. I originally purchased this "Fire" just for reading, but it's so much more.
RVHLC8JD8VEOD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it. Wish I had bought bigger one.
R3IUUM3X5FCFLC	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love it it's bright and easy to use.
R1CU5QBSXNER2Z	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I really love it and it so easy to use
R3AFL0F2PSQPZW	4.0	Great Buy!	0	0	I have not had a chance to explore all of the features of the tablet but like what I see so far. Feel like I got a good product for a good price. Looking forward to using more of the features and apps on the tablet. Would recommend to others looking for a great tablet at a reasonable price.
R1VUD8VRF7Y6GB	5.0	Great tablet for anyone!	0	0	I am loving it. Love the small size and is very lite, can carry in my daily tote bag. I do enjoy having my books with me. My only complaint is that it takes longer to recharge. Then my older tablet. Other tan that, I do enjoy , love the screen size for reading email as opposed to my phone!
R2VC24VDSRR8G3	5.0	... button to the top but every thing else is great this is my 5th Kindle and they have all ...	0	0	The only thing I found wrong is when you turn it off it comes up and asks if you want to turn it off and when you push the off on the screen it dosent go off you have to just hold the on/off button to the top but every thing else is great this is my 5th Kindle and they have all been great
R18JSCXTQNKPJT	4.0	Open and enjoy!	0	0	Love all you can do with this little tablet. The screen is large enough for my husband and me to watch movies and TV shows together. Yes, we have to sit pretty close but that's not such a bad thing either. I enjoy the apps. I use it as an e-reader, too. Very versatile and easy to use.
R19OUQACSV6VQ3	5.0	I loved my Fire HD7" and the HD8 is incredible	0	0	I loved my Fire HD7" and the HD8 is incredible. The clarity and color is spectacular, the speed of the processor, everything is well thought out. The mini SD slot is also a wonderful feature. There are too many great things to list but Amazon once again has thought of everything.
R1U6WT7V7EK6EC	5.0	So Awesome!	0	0	I absolutely love this Kindle. I can't seem to go ANYWHERE without it. It is so light, so crisp, and so entertaining! I have to put it down long enough to work so I can pay for all the books and such I want to load on it! I haven't watched a movie on it yet, but will soon. Wonderful!
R23T3CA2IQVO2	2.0	Does --- NOT --- support e.pub files	0	0	I am perplexed that Amazon would create an ebook reader that does NOT support .epub files. All I can guess is that they have something against free ebooks that are in the public domain. Would double the amount of books their devices could read if they would just add the .epub format.
R2RZI7OUUA014L	5.0	This one is the best one. I have three of them now	0	0	This one is the best one. I have three of them now. My so has one of them.he loves to read h u s books on it. One I read my books on and the new one I use most of the time for my computer. Love it. Also got the new case that just came out an f love it. Thank you SONDRA Newton
R3QQU2M9WM53JV	5.0	Works very well and I am very pleased with the improvements and the performance	0	0	Just received my new Kindle fire eight and have been using it for three weeks. Works very well and I am very pleased with the improvements and the performance. This is the third Kindle I have purchased. This is the best tablet I have found that works for all the applications I require.
R2DOW50UGASEI2	5.0	Nice multimedia player.	0	0	Nice multimedia player, plays mp4 very nicely (mx player from app store recommended) also great for books,comic book ( comicat ) and the fact that you can add storage via a sd card is great. Will buy the 7" as Christmas presents later this year. This bad boy is a win in my book. :)
R2BBJ5GN6U37C1	3.0	it is very good, but	0	0	Focused mostly on Amazon stuff. Very unfriendly to Google apps, does not display them, despite having been installed, on the home screen. Its main purpose seems to be a reading platform of kindle books. In this respect, it is very good, but, it should be a more general purpose tablet.
R15JGTU94KNW1L	4.0	I am very happy with my new HD 8	0	0	I am very happy with my new HD 8. The screen gives me a bright, clear picture making any text easy to read. Since I already owned an Android powered phone, there was no learning curve for the operating system, whic is based on Android. I highly recommend the HD 8. You will love it.
R2P5GV2GE26VK0	4.0	fire HD 8	0	0	It takes a little getting use to it. I had a n older Kindle. One thing is , it doesn't automatically go to the front info page and I have to pull down my waiting items then go backwards to main page. Also when trying to shut down it takes 2 to 3 tries before it finally turns off
RBJB9NYDLJTLT	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	It's slower than the Kindle fire 7...
R2ZT5SFI2NVXF4	4.0	I love the larger yet much thinner and lighter design	0	0	I just replaced my older kindle fire with this more recent model. I love the larger yet much thinner and lighter design. I would have rated this a five, but it is quite slow moving between apps. Hopefully there will be an update some time soon so the apps can move more efficiently.
RERQKEFRPWZRU	4.0	Fantastic tablet, great features for the low price	0	0	Fantastic tablet, great features for the low price! The speed is pretty fast for the price. Love the extra storage space! I would have given it 5 stars if weren't for one thing; the SD card compartment door keep opening up which stop the program which can get a tad annoying.
R29EZ9VG53CWWZ	3.0	Not as good	0	0	The Fire HD 8 loses battery power too easily. It seems after an hour or so I have to recharge because the battery power is low. I'm just glad I kept my Kindle Fire HD 7. I usually sell my older Kindle when I order a new one but I thought I'll keep it as backup so glad I did.
RFW3EPO0H3AIA	5.0	I've only had a short time to play with it ...	0	0	I've only had a short time to play with it. But does everything my misplaced old Kindle Fire did and more. Mainly "more" is being able to beep when misplaced. Tried to "beep" old one and new one beeped instead. Old still not found. New one still located.
R2P52Z1SQ7EFU8	3.0	Something wrong with the wi-fi??	0	0	I like it pretty well but sometimes the internet randomly stops working (even though the reception says excellent) and I have to go into the settings and turn the wi-fi off then on to get it working again. That gets annoying. Otherwise it's been a pretty good tablet so far.
RBXPPR63GWFB6	2.0	It was great.... But then the speakers went out.	0	0	It was absolutely amazing. But then after less than a week, the speakers went out. I can't for the life of me figure out why they went out. After trying everything, still nothing. Other than that, it has a great display, accurate touch screen, and somewhat good performance.
R1EF2LK249ZCHD	5.0	I like it very much.	0	0	Great for what I use tablets for. Since my primary use for tablets is to pass the time with entertainment I am enjoying this tablet. I also do email for both business and personal and it serves my purpose very well, much better than the other 2 tablets that I currently own.
R37GVP91ZD1HZ5	5.0	great	0	0	just wish I could figure how to turn it off and it not go into sleep mode and wear down the battery - I know your person said to hold the button for 5 seconds, but then I get a screen that says: do you want to power down your fire - cancel/OK - I hit OK ;but nothing happens
R1MTGQPPXFR83I	1.0	Hope the next one is better.	0	0	I wrote what I didn't like about it and Amazon banned my review. Let's just say that it stopped working moments after taking it out of the box, and they are sending me a replacement. Not sure I even want the replacement as this is the 3rd Kindle that has had to be replaced.
R39YBB8UYT7223	5.0	Love My New Toy, Amazon Fire HD 8	0	0	I am so glad I bought the Amazon Fire HD 8. My Fire provides me with so much entertainment and I am so much more comfortable playing with it anywhere I am. I am addicted to my new toy already. I just love it. All I need now is more time...just to play with my Fire HD 8!!!
R34KQBVAWZYMBP	5.0	Great tablet!	0	0	This was a replacement for another tablet that had become impossible to use due to nearly continuous lockups. I like the screen size and the weight. Use mostly for reading but also for getting mail when on travel. I have tried the video and music apps and both work well.
R1472KGWCN5LBU	1.0	One Star	1	1	Bad software, buggy and irritating.
R3TKC2L74CGCD4	4.0	Second Fire	0	0	I like the fire 8 because it's bigger than my last one, however some of the features on the old one was not carried to the new one and I miss them. Setting up the e mail was a chore and you can not seperate your promotion e mail from your person e mails very annoying.
R1J48A8G8MIOTJ	3.0	Disappointed that when I tried to get an answer from ...	0	0	Disappointed that when I tried to get an answer from Kindle, I was told if they answered my question, it would cost me . I think if I pay this amount of money I should get good customer service and that includes answering questions or at least an instruction manual .
R2KJDJYC926TPW	5.0	Not just a reader.	0	0	Love this Fire. I always looked at other tablets because I thought this was a reader only. Wrong....it has my email, my games I love to play. Holds a charge longer than my Samsung tablet. It has free apps to select and download. The price is right. The size is right.
R2D2RS49T4IQ5N	4.0	Some good apps are not available	0	0	Solid tablet. Had some weird crashing issues with my SD card plugged in. Wouldn't boot with the card in. When I'd remove it, it would boot. Some good apps are not available. Runs fine, good size, my little girl loves it. Would recommend this for sure.
R2VBKYFG4J40E2	3.0	Will not turn on/off easily. To turn on	0	0	Will not turn on/off easily. To turn on, it takes at least three tries before it will start. To turn off, unnecessary force must be used. Does not synchronize with my other Fire which makes it difficult to try to read same book when other Fire not available.
RNSWH0IVJNVEL	3.0	I love the bigger screen but I'm not impressed with the ...	0	0	I love the bigger screen but I'm not impressed with the battery life. I read A LOT and I'm having to put it on the charger 2 or 3 times a day. I thought I'd have at least as much battery life as my old Kindle. I'm sorry I didn't wait to buy the 10" one now.
RUPM6IRAVSNDO	1.0	I hated it and shipped everything back	0	0	I ordered this and tried it. I hated it and shipped everything back. I'll keep my kindle Fire HD 7 until it dies. Then, I don't know what I'll do. They discontinued the Fire HDX 8.9, 32GB that I was going to try so I'm going to keep looking for a good upgrade.
R1OT13QLUC515N	3.0	? The operating system.	0	0	The 8 is very glitchy. When reading, it stops itself. When you go into restart, you have to pull the book up again. Battery life is short. The hdx is much more usable. I love the size and thinness. I do hope there will be an update to fix the glitches.
R11Y8LJH69KSBH	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	Not as user friendly as old kindle
R26V8TO1RO5NU1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Still learning but really enjoy it
R2TSS5QTCCBSNF	5.0	Fantastic "computer"	0	0	WOW ... what an improvement over my old original Kindle. This is a fantastic computer in a matchbox. Now reading is REALLY more fun. Dumb me, I should have upgraded a lot sooner. But hey, I'm a Senior and Vietnam Vet so what do you expect.
RNF6ZD6ACIQNQ	2.0	Not as good as an iPad.	0	0	Touch screen not as sensitive as it should be. Sometimes takes multiple attempts. Seems to lose charge faster than a first-generation iPad. Email does not auto-fill your own personal emails if you want to send or forward an email to your work or email accounts.
R2Z84FTNJ636WP	5.0	awesome low end tablet	0	0	I am VERY happy with my purchase. It does everything I wanted it to and then some, works great and is very snappy bloc player is a must if you want your own videos though as the video player included is sub-par at best, but the system as a whole is wonderfull
R1V4WKXH80ALDD	5.0	I love my new Kindle Fire 8	0	0	I love my new Kindle Fire 8. It's the perfect size, lightweight, easy to use. I use it everyday for reading, games, and web browsing. I previously had the original Kindle Fire. The new Kindle 8 is slightly bigger but lighter weight. It's perfect for my needs.
R2N2EKLNVJWKFQ	1.0	I have enjoyed my other ones a lot better	0	0	IT IS HARDER TO use it does not have instructions on it on how or WORks.I am 80 yrs.old and get up set because I don't know all the symbols.Just wish you had a way to explain them that made it easier to under stand.I have enjoyed my other ones a lot better.
RK891DRRH8M6N	4.0	Almost perfect!	0	0	I'm not sure which special offers came with it as I haven't been offered anything. Other then that, I am quite pleased! It's a little longer than I anticipated which makes holding it a bit awkward but that could be easily remedied by getting a case for it.
R112G3S690MI9F	5.0	Good product as great price	0	0	Device fits tightly into case does fall out. Microphone and camera opening slight perfectly to precut holes in case. Polypropolene cover does give same water protection. Stand works to watch movies too. Good product as great price. Great selection of colors.
R11R31K021JH3C	4.0	Love the features on the Fire HD 8 but prefer the more compact size of the 6	0	0	I love the kindle fire HD 8 " The features and sound are great. Awesome camera, I would give it 5 stars except that the side is very difficult to hold easily. I would have preferred that the great features in the 8 were available in the 6" display.
R2LIAF1W64KODE	4.0	its a good tablet because it runs super fast and you can ...	0	0	its a good tablet because it runs super fast and you can watch movies on it read books and play game on it with no buffering. The only down side is some games you can't get in the App Store like ''clash of clans'',BUT, you can get it from the silk browser
R2OH68XKYFCLZP	5.0	Great Tablet!	0	0	Got this tablet for our daughter and we love it! I love the kids mode option that's has tons of games, episodes and books that she can play with. It's easy to use and the 16gb of memory is perfect for downloading her movies and shows to watch on the road!
R40NW36TE3JX6	5.0	Awesome kindle!	0	0	This kindle has an amazing picture. I'm still trying to get used to it after using a 3rd generation kindle hd for so long. I thought my old one was cool, the fire hd 8 is over an above anything I would need. I'm sure it does stuff I haven't even realized.
R2Q6CI1KY63DD6	5.0	Great product	1	1	Love it. Goes everywhere with me.
R1ANUBF4JIF5OP	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Fits perfectly and is a must have
R32XCJDL1ZDVMV	1.0	3rd rate tablet	0	0	Much lower quality product than my fire hdx at a similar price. Slower processor, less ram, lower display quality, poor antenna drops wifi signal, cheap overall finish. External storage is good to download movies and watch offline. However the good folks at Amazon decided it cannot be used to store music.......even music you purchased from Amazon. This device seems to indicate that Amazon has little regard for its loyal customers.
R2OLQPH5HNEH47	5.0	Great tablet for the price!!!!	0	0	I really like the Fire HD 8. The Fire HD is great for the price. If you like reading books, browsing the internet, and checking your emails...look no further. This tablet will do what you need and more. Quarter of the price of the competition out there.
R2F53QFVYM9Z99	3.0	I loved. My kindle at first	0	0	I loved. My kindle at first. I have had some internet issues. Apps will stop working while I'm in the middle of using them 😞. I hoping that these problems will work themselves out. Still trying work on getting my magazine subscriptions to work as well.
R39RT5FRJ7V67X	1.0	WHAT IS WRONG WITH AMAZON AND THE PRODUCTS!!!!!	0	0	You order another Kindle because the other one is broken that you had. Well, thought the new Kindle was gonna be used the same day that it was received...well, guess again!!! Broken!!! Had to send it back and it took almost a month to be received.
R9RIJEL87R1KP	5.0	I find the new HD-8 to be a nice size that provides better viewing than 7-inch screen devices ...	0	0	I find the new HD-8 to be a nice size that provides better viewing than 7-inch screen devices and is more portable than my HD-8.9 which continues to be very useful when a larger screen is desired. I am very happy with the HD-8 and it performs well.
RB2HMEJM7J9CY	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	great product good for all ages
RIEM1KXNPW004	3.0	I am very frustrated with new device. I have ...	0	0	I am very frustrated with new device. I have had three other kindle fires I am having trouble with tapping on items it takes several times and sometimes it seems very slow. I just wanted to report this. And you would have some advise. .
RLI847X9RBO13	5.0	A girlfriend told me I would love the fireHD and I do and I am so ...	0	0	A girlfriend told me I would love the fireHD and I do and I am so happy I got the 8"... It is so lite!! I love it for everything I need to find on a computer I can find with it and it is fast....Very pleased with my purchase for the price....
R102I28W149SHV	5.0	Love it	0	0	What a big difference it is over the very first Kindle Fire that it replaced. My family are stuck on iPads, but I love Kindle Fire. Way better tablet in my opinion. I love being able to add the memory card. I will never stray from Amazon/Kindle!
R1PH1DH1TDBTM5	5.0	Very nice kindle. Light weight	0	0	Very nice kindle. Light weight. Easy to use. Many of the popular apps that we have now days can be installed on this new kindle. I have a tiny problem with mine trying to shut it completely down. I struggle a bit but I think it is just my touch.
R2TVEDAMI9P5WU	4.0	Perfect Option for Mother-in-Law Gift	0	0	We had purchased an original Kindle Fire for my mother-in-law years ago and it finally stopped charging. I was excited to find this option for such a great price - exactly what she needs - just enough memory, but not too many bells and whistle.
R3SYIXEZHTMFGI	5.0	Excellent $150 tablet	0	0	Excellent $150 tablet. Very respon. Occasional slowness during switching apss, but not enough to be bothersome. It could be an artifact of having just 1GB ram. Screen is bright and sharp. Tablet feels nice to hold as it is very thin and light.
R1ZHCAXD6UOVLN	5.0	All of my Fire tablets have been great! The customer service behind them has also been ...	0	0	All of my Fire tablets have been great! The customer service behind them has also been great. What I like is I can use it in a meeting and type out notes, I can read, do simple games, keep up with my email, research on internet, shop etc...
R2DKNTYMU5QGX1	4.0	So far I really like this tablet	0	0	So far I really like this tablet. It size is ideal. I haven't had it long so I can't say much. I puzzling item is downloading of movies, it is very slow although I have a very fast wireless service. No biggie just know it will take some time.
R2PLU9FCSIEZF5	5.0	I really enjoy it! I think its great	0	0	I really enjoy it! I think its great! Perfect for school! Also perfect for when I just want to relax and watch a tv show or a movie! I love this and it was cheap in comparison to the ipad and other similar devices! Great product! Thank you!
R3AE8RID7VFJV1	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	This meets all my expectations!
R3PWBNGXSAEVHN	4.0	I love it. It works very fast	1	1	I love it. It works very fast.
R4SZ7L07E4T0E	5.0	I love my kindle fire HD	0	0	I love my kindle fire HD, I loved the first one I had, but it got destroyed, so I brought another brand, and another brand, neither were like the kindle fire so I had to get another kindle, I love the games and some of the other features.
R3UYZQU3REWBSQ	5.0	Great customer service	0	0	I needed a little help with getting my books transferred over to my new device. Customer service called me within 30 seconds and stayed on the line worth me until everything was fixed. She was so helpful! Wish I could remember her name.
R236Y48Z6W8H3A	3.0	what did do!	0	0	Well this a first for me. Taking a big step with todays technology. Trying to figure out the whole hype with this device. So far downloading of movies is super ultra slow. Even with a valid strong wifi signal. all in all great display.
R1FISMK7R6R2M7	5.0	This is my fourth Kindle and I love them all	0	0	This is my fourth Kindle and I love them all, started with a now old paper white and this one is a bigger screen than my previous ones which makes it better to do mail and some hidden object games. I guess I am addicted to my Kindles.
R3E23AN26JWSPG	5.0	Happy customer!	0	0	Everything I was looking for, an ebook reader that has a good screen and I can also use it too get on the internet with using wi-fi hotspots, no service changes. It also has some good books to download for free, so far I'm very happy.
R34SRUJK5REBFK	3.0	It's okay	0	0	Had some problems with the emails. Cannot empty spam as a batch: have to individually check and delete each one one at a time. The photo/pic from the camera function is not very high quality. Needs better pixel resolution on Selfies.
RBN6U0O0C77WU	5.0	A Perfect Tablet	0	0	I love this tablet; I can always count on Amazon. It's just the right size, nice and thin, with everything I need. It's got the Washington Post on it! Every morning I can read the news, and do lots of other stuff. It's perfect!
R1BWAH2OG4BVUF	2.0	Internet takes forever to load any page. You nearly ...	4	6	Internet takes forever to load any page. You nearly have to press and hold an item to press something, apps are extremely limited.
R2U94RUAY4BTUE	5.0	It is so personalized!	0	0	Love it! It is like it knows me! All my favorite books, audiobooks, and websites are right there ready for me to open! The connection with Amazon shopping, Kindle, and Prime videos is so convenient! I am very pleased with my Fire.
R3D55V6XLCHZQC	4.0	Very Good Performance for Price Paid	0	0	I am currently using the device mainly as an eReader. It is light and just small enough to be easy to grip. Excellent battery life. Screen is very sharp. Unless your hands are small you might consider this as your primary eReader.
RBMXATHVF69R9	3.0	Not bad, but not as good	0	0	The new software is not as user friendly as the old. The touch screen is not as responsive as in past versions. I like the screen size and it functions but all in all not as impressed with this one compared to my older units.
R3BM8B5FK0NNYY	4.0	The size of the Kindle keeps changing so you are ...	0	0	The size of the Kindle keeps changing so you are continually forced to get a new cover and shield - which runs around $50 on top of the price of the kindle - keeps getting more expensive every time your kindle quits working.
R2G5S5ZW98J75S	5.0	I love it the camera	0	0	I love it the camera, the apps, the games, everything about it I love. and the size is really nice too. A+ for kindle. And this is my third one and with each one they get better. Also love the book selection for kindle. Love it.
ROID5MB7S1CBT	3.0	waste of money	0	0	it is not good at all for battery life. it also takes forever to charge it. it is complicated to use. it would be nice if it lived up to it's advertizing. far as i am concerned i wasted my money because my older kindle is better.
RRKDRPR9KUV1B	2.0	I really wish I wouldn't have spent the extra money ...	0	0	I really wish I wouldn't have spent the extra money on the Fire 8". Its really slow when using the web and at times it takes multiple swipes to turn the pages when reading. I could accept this if I spent $49.99 not $180.00
R3DOUF2XL6F4ND	3.0	Resolution of the screen isn't as high as I'd like, and WiFi reception is mediocre	0	0	It's alright. Doesn't come with the Google Play store, so had to sideload it in. Resolution of the screen isn't as high as I'd like, and WiFi reception is mediocre. Also, feels a bit sluggish at times. But it gets the job done.
R1DODP8J71FTEO	5.0	Love the Kindle Fire	0	0	The clarity is amazing, and the screen size is perfect when I enlarge the font. As a Prime member there is a LOT of music available to listen to for free. I also love the sample of the Washington Post that came with the Fire.
R6XQFRBYWV4QF	3.0	Potential and potential room for improvement	0	0	A lot of potential and a lot of room for improvement Pros - Price - Usability Cons - Lags at certain times, don't expect this from a modern tablet - Lack of volume controls in FreeTime
R2CDD792KMQL0U	4.0	This i my 3rd Kindle Fire i love them BUT	0	0	I gave 4 stars because when I am doing something like looking at pentrest or FB it will just go blank. So what is up with that I hope you guys ha an update that can fix this.😞?. My other 2 never did that. Still love my Fire
R106ML3WQOJSVH	5.0	I AMAZED AT THE MANY OPTIONS YOU HAVE AND THE THINGS ...	0	0	I AMAZED AT THE MANY OPTIONS YOU HAVE AND THE THINGS YOU CAN DO THE fIRE. i DID NEED HELP IN GETTING CONNCTING TO MY WI FI, BUT THINGS ARE GOING WELL NOW. iT RATES 5 STARS AND I WOULD RECOOMMEND IT AVOVE OTHER MACHINES.I
RMXPJLDT31MX0	3.0	Accepting the HD 8's limitations	1	2	I find the design elegant and the display excellent. However, the first week of ownership was beyond frustrating that could have been minimized by having an owners manual in the box or the memory. My opinion is Amazon has targeted this device toward PRIME customers with 24/7 wifi access while trying to sell it to everyone. In other issues, I must confirm it loads extremely slowly whether just turning it on, downloading anything, or changing apps. Once it has turned itself on, completed downloading, or changing apps it has very good speeds. Photos downloaded from the internet have excellent colors and detail however photos taken by the hd device have a brown tint. I have a friend with an hd 8.9 which has the same issue with photos downloaded vs taken by the camera so I will assume this applies to all fire hds. The expansion slot was an important selling point for me. The current programing does not allow books and music to be stored on the sd card. In addition, photos can be stored if they are already in certain formats. The storage info is in the manual but should be disclosed before purchase. I am keeping my hd because I like reading on the display using a huge font and I will just accept the device's limitations. However my next tablet will not be a fire hd.
R6L7TAQG54AD5	4.0	Good for kids, when ib sale.	0	0	For the money it's a good buy. My daughter enjoys it and is able to complete her homework on it with ease. Battery life is the only real complaint we have. This seems to be a reoccurring issue with the lower version fire's.
R2YXNHCKLNBYT7	3.0	Newer is not better!	0	0	Disappointed in this newest Kindle. Shuts off with the slightest movement. Very slow loading games. Too bad the 8.9 inch is no longer available. Should have waited for reviews before buying, could have saved some money.
R2TR92SU04XPEM	2.0	Looks like they went with a budget strategy this time around	0	0	A big letdown. Was hoping for something a step above the 2013-2014 HDX models. Not as responsive and the screen is not as crisp as the former HDX. Looks like they went with a budget strategy this time around. Maybe in 2016?
ROUS81IO460RD	5.0	GREAT! I AM SO GLAD THAT I LOOKED INTO ...	0	0	GREAT! I AM SO GLAD THAT I LOOKED INTO BUYING ONE AND I DID. I TAKE IT EVERYWHERE AND FIND THAT WASTING TIME IS NOT AN OPTION THERE IS ALWAYS SOMETHING TO DO. IF I AM JUST SITTING AND WAITING TIME WISE CAN BE PROFITABLE.
RUNR5DM0CERC8	5.0	Just what u need as a personal tablet	0	0	Sleek, light and compact That's how i will describe it. Mind you if you push it hard it freezes from time to time But still is a great product. Amazon seem to listen and have delivered the consumers digest
R1SOXKPYXNU2F0	1.0	Totally sucked sphincter. It doesn't hold a charge longer then ...	2	3	Totally sucked sphincter. It doesn't hold a charge longer then a day, home screen isn't customizable, and you're limited to apps available from the Amazon app store.
R2ZRF66RRL2KRU	5.0	Fantastic tablet! Clean design	0	0	Fantastic tablet! Clean design, easy to navigate, loads of content. Travelled out of town for the first time with NO paper (books, mags, newspapers) -- read everything on my Kindle. A bargain for the price!
RERGA3SXDXO3R	5.0	Lovin' my Fire tablet!	0	0	I am very pleased with the fire tablet. The feel and touch screen response is very precise and smooth. I'm still able to enjoy everything that is loved about my Kindle with added features that make this a worthy tablet.
R30IIYMT5N3ECE	5.0	The purchase of a lifetime!	0	0	Awesome ! It is more then I expected and all I need. I was upset when I broke the screen of my 7 inch, no frill fire. I am so pleased with this one. A lot to learn because it offers so much. An absolute great purchase.
R2G2X2CB3KPS8Y	4.0	Very fast. Makes surfing the web enjoyable. Just ...	0	0	Very fast. Makes surfing the web enjoyable. Just wished the battery would last longer. I'm getting about 3 hours of use before I need to recharge. I'm picking up a fast charging station to make the recharge easier.
R2E1UQ59AFFSJE	4.0	Although beautiful display and sound	0	0	Although beautiful display and sound. I like some of the older kindle features and layout. Weaker wifi then many of my other kindles. Alerts chiming all night despite sound turned off. Still for the money a fun device.
R2092VOAEJL2KF	4.0	You have to know what you're doing!	0	0	Since it came with very little instruction, I have not be able to get past the "front" page it comes with. I'v tried to explore more but can't seen to figure out how. I like written instructions on front of me.
R37FZMCJP6ESHJ	5.0	Awesome Kindle Fire	0	0	This Kindle Fire has the best graphics, the best sound and the easiest to use. I've been streaming movies on it and mirroring to my TV without any problems. It's bigger and lighter. And I do recommend it to everyone.
R2S7DV30WKSDQ3	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Easy set up. So far so good.
R2PHF91R9KA4ZV	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	It was thin and easy to use.
R3V37YQZ9BQSS3	5.0	Love it!	0	0	This kindle is just the right size for me to be able to read my email, go on Facebook and perform all the other things I have been using my cell phone for. The price was amazing compared to the price of other tablets.
R1KV2UPC8QEYST	4.0	it's a great device but not as easy to understand as my ...	0	0	it's a great device but not as easy to understand as my Kindle Fire 7. Still trying to get use to not having a shelf or cloud display. I just learned how to skype on it and hopefully, I'll learn to take videos too.
R9P8GHZK850RW	1.0	I was disappointed. I own the HDX7 and the speed of ...	0	0	I was disappointed. I own the HDX7 and the speed of this item was lacking compared to the older model. I was also unable to install my newspaper app (android) which works flawlessly on my previous generation HDX7.
R63NJZH8SWVKK	3.0	It's okay	0	0	I like the ease of use. However, I feel it could be a little better if it was easier to have an option to see the book summary from the 1st page instead of going thru various prompts (similar to the earlier version)
R1NUAIAUO274SY	4.0	easy to use	0	0	a little smaller than I imagined. took a while to get my programs on it. have a problem printing from it. it is easy to use and handy to take with me because of its size.good picture and the print is readable.
R1T9Y7RCO5OQF3	4.0	Four stars	0	0	I would give it 5 stars but the processor is a little slow and it does not as of yet have the page turn animation. Other than that if you want to consume Amazon products and utilize the benefits of Prime is perfect.
R1D38GV2Z605E4	2.0	I like the bigger screen	0	0	I like the bigger screen, but I don't like that you have to always swipe the screen to open it and have to hit explore more in order to get to the main screen. Very frustrating. It also seems slower than the 7in.
R36KREK7UKXAN4	5.0	Have enjoyed my Fire and am amazed at its capabilities	0	0	Have only had my Fire HD 8 for a short time and am still moving slowly. Have enjoyed my Fire and am amazed at its capabilities. As I more fully exploit it, I will be able to provide a more comprehensive review.
R2E8SOP0SETTVR	5.0	and it was boxed in such a way that it was protected but easy to get into	0	0	I'm very impressed with the ease in which I was able to get my Fire up and running. I received it quickly, and it was boxed in such a way that it was protected but easy to get into. I am enjoying my new Kindle.
RSBX84TRZ3VU5	4.0	love it!	0	0	the screen size is perfect! love the color as well. The picture is fantastic quality. I would have given it 5 stars but I am still trying to figure it out, so that is more a user situation than a product default.
R2X8V5PDSU6HM8	4.0	Worth the money	0	0	Pros: The graphics are great, the colors are bright. Easy to use Cons: It's heavier than I thought it would be. It's very slippery and difficult for me to hold. I won't be using it until my cover arrives.
R6EF9H6C9HMY	4.0	really like it so far	0	0	Had this for several weeks, really like it so far. Good picture and excellent for reading as well as watching movies. Obviously not a tablet for work, but that's not what I was looking for in this purchase.
R2PU1PCQ26ZX44	5.0	... daughter who messages me daily to tell me how happy she is with her fire	0	0	This was a gift for my daughter who messages me daily to tell me how happy she is with her fire. I had an opportunity to check it out and found it to be very user friendly and loaded with options to consider.
R3NUR09SRWZ1OP	5.0	Just had to splurge	0	0	I do really love my purchase here. The battery does not last as long as I would like, but that pretty much is due to the games I play. The screen is much clearer than my iPad. Very glad I made this purchase.
R3GVC4H5FFKVFV	5.0	... a chance to really work with it but I like it already	0	0	Haven't had a chance to really work with it but I like it already. My Kindle Fire is slowly dying and not holding a charge after 3-4 years of use. Hope to get better knowledge next week. Love it so far.
R2GVAZ0X2VSR06	1.0	I'm having a terrible time with it	0	0	I'm having a terrible time with it. I have to tap multiple times on an icon before I get any results, if ever -- so I just give up. I guess I just have to say I find it to be "user unfriendly".
R3V3TPMNBTRPKL	4.0	I do like my new Fire HD 8	0	0	I do like my new Fire HD 8. The only thing I don't like is that the black margin around the edges is so narrow that I'm always accidentally touching past the margin which affects the page inadvertently.
R3EGPSP6DRDQGH	3.0	Three Stars	1	1	There is no favorite star.
R1SAGPELAC5D1J	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Very light and easy to use
R33N8E488KI9MC	3.0	Initial impression	0	0	Seems kind of slow and touch screen not quite as responsive as I'd like. Screen quality is good. May need some improved photo capability too. Only had it for a week and those are my initial impressions.
R2POCCZF7T0N9V	4.0	I liked my kindle fire 8	0	0	I liked my kindle fire 8.9 better. But there are some advantages to this one that the 8.9 didn't have. It does all the things I enjoy to do on a tablet. The screen is very clear. The programs are great.
R1FDE2A741L18C	3.0	HD 8 display seems small. Navigation I need to ...	0	0	HD 8 display seems small. Navigation I need to learn I have been using windows devices since1992 so I have issues to deal with learning new device. I have to play with it to find tour for the device.
R3L9C95YUV0U1A	4.0	Great tablet at a reasonable price	0	0	Great tablet at a reasonable price. Plays games and is excellent reader as well. Could use more of a manual to learn all of it's features. This is our first tablet and we are enjoying all the features.
R9W0TBO96S7S	2.0	Could be much better!	0	0	Like weight, better than when it first arrived. Back button still doesn't work correctly. It's slow. Screen jumps around. Still can't find some things. Hopefully Amonzon will fix some some problems.
R1YDG742EDQUSN	4.0	Fast	0	0	Much faster response than my old Nexus tablet, but I was disappointed that I am unable to get access to my Nook library or to USA Today, my favorite periodical. Otherwise, it is an excellent product.
R2GUK3LMLAIBI8	5.0	She can see this Kindle even better than the last one	0	0	My Mother is 87 years old...she has macular degeneration in both eyes..She can see this Kindle even better than the last one.. Much better than the big TV Thank you Amazon rocks again..
R248SORX82V69E	4.0	For me the 8" is too heavy and I prefer ...	0	0	For me the 8" is too heavy and I prefer the smaller fire. Don't care for the camera looking at me. I used the fire for a couple of days and put it away. Going to give it to one of the grandkids.
R3B9XKEUY8720N	1.0	A waste of $	0	0	Seems to run super slow and the battery died very quickly. I expected better from Amazon. I knew it wouldn't be the best since its not expensive. But this is really bad to me. Color is nice though.
RR0E23AIGFN1X	4.0	fairly easy to use for novice tablet user	0	0	charges quickly; fairly easy to use for novice tablet user; has stopped working/blanked out a few times during initial 6 hours of use. adding Prime for 99.00 seems neccesary to get full value.
R3NLKQAOBBRKS1	2.0	Randomly turns off	0	0	It will randomly turn off and then I have to push the on button for 20 seconds and it has to re-download the content and it says it could take up to 10 minites. It does it everyday. Very annoying.
R31SD369UP1950	4.0	Good tablet.	0	0	I really like and am enjoying this new version. I had some initial problems getting my downloads onto the SD card but somehow got it to finally work. The Amazon instructions were Not very helpful.
RZ0KJMVCHMOLG	5.0	Love it. I had an old HD Fire and ...	0	0	Love it. I had an old HD Fire and this is so much better. I got the anti-glare screen protector for it also. Love them both. The screen color is vivid. I also like the fact of how slim it is.
R3GOHCWV0N9YNZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love Fire HD8. 2nd Kindle
R1P35CXRRIC99I	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Its pretty pretty awesome
R329V1N4Y3X6S9	2.0	... I had a Kindle before this one and I loved the case	0	0	It serves the purpose of protecting the Kindle but I had a Kindle before this one and I loved the case. It was a more heavy duty and would swivel to hold the Kindle up either upright or sideways. I do love the Kindle itself.
R14XNSLXGJNLEQ	5.0	This is a great product and I highly recommend it to everyone	0	0	This is a great product and I highly recommend it to everyone. Very easy to set up and excellent graphics. I am going to order another one for my wife as she is trying to take mine away from me!!
R17EBGGGLEKUER	2.0	Only if you use Amazon from EVERYTHING!	0	0	This tablet is overwhelmed by the amazon presence. As an amazon customer it was just too much Amazon! The real bummer is the lack of real apps that I use everyday being absent from the market.
R20EA6IGX4FM4T	3.0	good product, but not a game changer	0	0	battery life isn't what they say it is..The Screen looks good, but it isn't as sensitive as my last kindle...the case I bought from Amazon, doesn't work right. I can't make it stand by itself...
R3HKJP465T7RPG	1.0	I am so disappointed in this Kindle Fire	1	2	I am so disappointed in this Kindle Fire. My only issue with my previous one was the battery, ...and yes, this one seems to better in that respect, but, in reality, the battery issue only started after I had had the fire for about a year, so....we will see how this one is at that time. The new format is not really better, in my opinion. Besides that, though, I have a lot of trouble opening any site that i want to go to. Apps that I have downloaded....and websites. It is a problem with tapping, or using a stylus, as I prefer to do. Either way, it takes multiple tries to open anything. Not sure what category that issue would fall under. ' I just really am not very satisfied with this product. I love Kindle fire, and do not want to be without one, but, this is very frustrating. I am actually using my desk top to communicate.....and have had to go to it to do several things that i formally could do on my previous Kindle. I actually kept it, ( the previous one) of course, and plugged in, and have even used it a couple times, instead of the "new and improved" Kindle Fire.
R3JFLEDJECEJ2B	4.0	This is good value tablet	0	0	This is good value tablet. The only problem is a slight hesitation between some commands. I think this is due to the processor not being quite as powerful as the previous generation of Fire HD.
R11436MH5B1EQY	5.0	Very pleased with this product	0	0	Went with this one instead of the one on sale for $50. and am very happy with it. It does more and the larger size in nice for older eyes, since I use this as a notepad more than anything else.
R1SPO094VXSH9V	4.0	light weight	0	0	I like the larger screen and it is lighter than the 7" I previously owned. I don't like it when I turn the device and it goes to the locked screen on me. Other than that I am happy with it.
R2FQXQP86PD6BM	3.0	Liked the previous Kendle Fire HD much better	0	0	It is MUCH heavier than the Kendle Fire HD that I had previously and the charge will not hold. With 100% and two hours of reading a book or reading Facebook, you are at 75%. Very disappointing.
R3PLT743XQUPI8	5.0	This tablet is so cool!!!	0	0	I love the color, the downloading speed, the graphics on the apps, and the sound. I guess the only things I don't like is the battery length and the video graphics, but everything else I love.
R1Q6AHY33FZKZW	5.0	FIRE HD	0	0	This is great device. Great price and i got it in two days. Love the HD With my prime membership lots of xtras very fast no delays just as advertised everyone should get one. Thank you amazon.
