RYU9OXMKV77M0	5.0	Absolutely great. Fast, great screen, feather light.	197	204	This tablet meets and exceeds all of my expectations. Let me preface this by saying that I have an Amazon Kindle, Samsung Note 10.1 and do own or have owned the Samsung note 3 and 4. I am an avid Google/Android fan by virtue of the ability to customize the appearance and the open format. I actually own and have this device. I am not someone who read the specs and decided to publish a ‘review” of the device based on what is perceived as problems or concerns. . So, ordered it and arrived from Amazon one day after release. Thank you Amazon. I have been using it for the past three hours. Initial impressions: Fantastic. On the initial boot up, it upgraded to Lollipop 5.1.1 This is the newest and latest version of Lollipop. As has been noted, this device is thin and light. It belies expectations. It fits in a jacket pocket. I got the 8 inch as I have a 13 inch laptop and the 10.1 tablet that I also use is big. Those are not a pocket/handbag reader. This fits in my side pocket or jacket and is unnoticeable. It has no lag, no shutter, and no problems with instant screen changes. The touch screen and sensitivity is great. For those who are concerned that this upgrade may not be worth it, for me, it is a huge improvement. No lag and instant response. For android fans, the system asked my Google system password and immediately imported all of my paid and free apps. Everything installed duplicating all of my other Android products and apps. There is an interesting problem. I do like the Google Launcher due to the fact that it has information that is helpful to me. It does not “play well” with this system. It does not look good and has a problem with how it integrates. So, if I have not figured it out, let me know. As of now, I am stuck with the touch wiz. Which on this system is really quite good. The touch wiz is really not bad. I have accepted it and the new system is so fast and so quick that I will accept the Flipboard over the Google cards for the moment. And, I really only need most of the cards when using my cell phone. The image is great. I am not certain why there are concerns about the new format. It is ideal for reading and any news site. Netflix looks great, as does Amazon video and Hulu. Yes, the new format is not perfect for viewing movies, but honestly, that is not how I spend my life. The image is terrific. Blacks and contrast is the best I have seen on any screen. I beats my Note 4. I read the review that the finger scanner required a few tries. I use a Microsoft Exchange account which require a password for the system under the administrative requirement. This system accepts the fingerprint as acceptable. For me, after entering the fingerprint scanner information is almost never a provlem it works first or second time. It works in less than ½ second. I just hit the home button and it is instantly accepted. Absolutely great. A vast improvement from the prior systems used on the Note 4. And, the fingerprint scanner integrates with Last Pass. You can use it to enter passwords without re-entering your secure system password. So, how can I summarize: Fast processor and no lag. Google imports all the apps and allows complete integration Great screen for video and reading No lag and much improved screen response. A terrific finger print detector. Works with Last Pass and allows access to secure sites with a simple thumb print. The only con is a problem with the Google Launcher. I have read reviews that it is not a quantum leap above previous tablets. I am always surprised that reviewers on major electronic sites want every iteration of a product to be a huge change. Samsung has made a new format with a great screen and fast processor. The newest software and it works great. So, if you are in the market for a new tablet, this one appears to be great. As an aside, the gold color is a bronze/gold and not flashy or over the top. A very nice change from black and white. All in all, five stars. I am very happy.
R304W7P64DI1EN	5.0	INCREDIBLY LIGHT AND THIN - bravo Samsung	479	506	UPDATE #1 - By installing the "Block This" app, you will remove advertisements from webpages and it will stop annoying video-ads from playing on websites. Amazing addition to this Samsung! Update#2 If you would like to dramatically increase your battery life while reading, you can go to settings- accessibility- vision and turn on grey scale. Grandpa here and Samsung's latest metal-framed Galaxy Tab S2 tablet comes in two familiar sizes, 8 and 9.7 inches, and is slimmer and lighter than its predecessor, the Galaxy Tab S. The Korean electronics giant claims its slates are the "thinnest and lightest tablet of its size ever," and certainly, the tablet impressed me with its build quality and light weight during my hands-on session with both versions. The Tab S2 eschews the large 10.5-inch screen of the original and opts for a more familiar size with 8- and 9.7-inch screens instead, the same as the iPad Air and iPad Mini. The home button has also shifted to where the iPad's home button is and unsurprisingly, the Samsung home button is also a fingerprint scanner. Both tablets use Samsung's own Super AMOLED display, and the resolution of both screens match Apple's iPad at 2,048x1,563 pixels. Samsung has also added a few software tweaks to enhance the user experience with the tablet. The Tab S2 features an adaptive display that's capable of adjusting gamma, saturation and sharpness as well as color temperature based on the app running and the ambient lighting. There's also a special reading mode that helps to keep the eyes comfortable and avoiding eye strain by adjusting the brightness levels. On the hardware side of things, both versions of the tablet are powered by a workhorse processor, which has a clock speed of 1.9GHz and packs 3GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. The 9.7-inch Tab S2 comes with a 5,870mAh embedded battery, while the 8-inch Tab S2 has a smaller 4,000mAh cell. Familiar button layout and screen sizes aside, the Tab S2 does look different from the iPad. It's unabashedly a Samsung product, beautifully designed and you'll not mistake the design of the tablet for anything else. The slate is just 5.6mm (0.22 inch) thick, and weighs either 389 grams (13.7 ounces) for the 9.7-inch version and 265 grams (9.3 ounces) for the 8-inch model. It's incredibly light, especially the 8-inch Tab S2, and the weight is evenly distributed, so I hardly felt the strain even when holding it with one hand. The rear sports a patterned texture, which makes for a good grip. While it's plastic, it doesn't feel cheap and helps when you're holding up the tablet for a long time while reading with it. If you could mark my review helpful I would sincerely appreciate it. Respectfully, Grandpa
R2BTM2CW4WVG4A	4.0	Amazing 8 in tablet with speakers as the only drawback.	148	156	Overall, this is an amazing 8 inch tablet, with good build quality, speed, weight, and one of the best displays I have ever seen. I had previously been using an iPad 3, which was never too responsive, but became almost unusable after ios 7 was updated. 8 and 9 still perform poorly, with key presses on fresh installs being delayed. I am not a huge apple fan, as apps are usually quite poor, file support for opening documents is unreliable, and storage options are lacking. Productivity was a problem, as I could not even open text documents from mail programs or deal with archives easily, often having to rely on remote desktop to get anything done. Compared to the base model of the ipad mini, this tablet has far superior hardware and storage for the same price, so I went with this. Micro sd and usb/otg/mhl is nice to have as well. So far I have seen no disadvantages over ios, as android allows for more 3rd party apps, a good example being amazon.com underground, which is great. The build quality is very good. Despite most of the case being plastic, it is very studry and does not flex. This also makes it very lightweight. The SD slot uses a pin tray, which is great since it is annoying when sides of fingers hit exposed cards. All bezels are metal, which extend around the front of the tablet, the rear camera, and the buttons. Some people are concerned by this plastic over metal choice, but I think it is better .. most people will use covers or bumper cases anyways, and metal does pick up dings over time. The battery seems to last 8-10 hours using web/chat with some music / video, which is my average use with 30% brightness. It should be noted that the screen brightness at even 50% is higher than many devices at 100%. Obviously heavy gaming and such will reduce this a bit. The screen ratio is very nice on this tablet, and makes viewing text and print media much better than wide-screen alternatives. The default dynamic screen color setting is a bit odd, and I found the standard setting better. Despite the high resolution, text and UI elements are easy to read - though it may be good to slightly increase text scaling. The only downside is wide-screen video, as it will be letterboxed, though you could split screen and browse the Web with that extra space, which is cool. Performance is great, with no lag. Even when multitasking or using popup windows. It should also be noted that most apps can only be run full screen. Things like email, web, youtube, etc will work however. The form factor is great. The 8 inch screen makes typing quite easy in landscape or portrait, as the keyboard size works well. Samsung has also included numbers on the top row, which is useful. The button placement is good, with lock and volume on the side, mic on the top. The head phone and USB port are both along the bottom, which is good as it is not awkward using headphones while charging. The speaker placement is not the best, being both on the bottom edge. Holding the tablet in landscape obstructs the sound, and kills any stereo effect. The sound quality is quite decent otherwise, but front facing speakers would have been better, or even speakers on the top and bottom edges. With better speaker positioning, this would be a solid 5 stars. The fingerprint scanner works ok, though I usually have to hit it a few times to get it to accept. Regardless, it is still faster than entering a pin, and much more secure than picture or pin options. There is also an option to use fingerprints to secure password entries on websites. It will work at some various angles, and works best if the entire sensor is covered. This is easiest with thumbs, but works OK with index fingers. The other sensors work as you would expect. The cameras are fairly high quality for a tablet, and do not apper too grainy at low light. Wifi, blutooth, and GPS antennas also have very good signal strength, much better than many other tablets and laptops. This increased signal strength is most likely due to the choice of plastic housing over metal. There is a little bloatware, and built in apps, but it is not a big deal. The included Microsoft Office apps are nice as well (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). You get flip book when you pan left from home, but that can be disabled. I find it a rather nice feature. There are a lot of Samsung apps for printing, communicating with Samsung TVs, and controlling other Samsung devices like phones. If you happen to have some of those devices, it might be nice, though I didn't have anything compatable. Because the tablet has a super amoled display, blacks are really dark, and the high resolution leaves images very clear. It is hard to see the pixel matrix even at 6 inches from the display. However, the background of whites/grays are just a little grainy due to how the display technology works. Touch is integrated into the screen, and is extremely responsive - those nipped stylus pens especially work well even with low pressure. There is even an extreme power saving mode that turns everything black and white, enabling a few essential apps to stretch out battery (The display consumes less power when displaying black as it is not innervating many pixels). I do not have much experience comparing white/black bezels aside from using my previous device which was white, but it seems black would be better for multimedia, and white for text, as it would be less obtrusive. I had not put much thought into the bezel color when purchasing. In a normally lit room, the black border does not bother me at all, but in low light it is slightly straining. With this black version it works well at night to enable greyscale and inversion under accessibility to gain borderless white on black text. I really wish android had a high contrast reading mode that supported all apps and the system theme, which would do white on black without inverting images. This would also save power on an amoled screen. Unfortunately there is no built in option for this and it takes a few menus to switch back and forth. I know of most e-readers support white on black, so I am just splitting hairs here. Edit: found a nice case - http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0140TQQXQ for 9$ which provides a nice adjustable stand and good protection. Tried a bumper case previously, which was not as nice. Also for those wondering, the android version updated to 5.1 on release date, which is expected from large OEMs.
R10D0KJE9W7VIY	5.0	Best Decision I Ever Made While Buying A Tablet!	65	66	This is one of the best tablets out there currently and I am glad to have ordered it during its first week. After having used it for a while, let me tell you that this is the best tablet for $400. It gives me the most value for money, definitely better than owning an iPad mini 3 or whatever. SIZE: I ordered the 8.0". It is PERFECT! The thinnest tab I have ever held in my hands, this has the perfect combo of screen size, pixel density and processing power. (and portability) VALUE: If you are an Android user, or if you are looking to get your first tablet, Tab S2 8.0 should be one of your choices. I loved the screen and although they are not "retina display", they are sharp and crispy clear. Apple blows it up by calling the about same pixel density as "retina". It's almost the same thing. You will barely notice the pixels. For $400, I am so happy I got this high-end tablet that does all my works and is portable and thin that I can slide it in anywhere I want. The tablet is fast, fast enough to run a couple of apps and stuffs. It could have been faster I guess, but it is definitely fast enough to keep up with future updates on apps and OS. It doesn't lag at all. So don't worry. BATTERY: It gave me about 6 hours or mixed usage. I mostly used it for browsing internet and streaming short clips on YouTube and then Spotify the whole day. The tablet is so light I have to wonder how it manages to carry all that battery juice. I plug it in when going to bed, and then its ready to tackle whole another day of use. I have been using it a lot recently. I like it and even if I don't have anything specific to do, I find myself exploring its many possibilities. There's a lot android users can get out of this Tablet. PERKS: The finger print reader is awesome! Initially I thought Samsung was trying to copy Apple and wouldn't really deliver well. BUT as it turns out the finger print is read so well -- just as well as those on expensive iPads. I have unlocked it 100 times and haven't had any misses. There's 3 GB of RAM. That's what I wanted. It makes running ton of apps in the background easy. Rear camera is quite good! Takes fine pictures in sunshine. The front facing camera is okay, not really made for anything besides Skype calls. The speaker sound clear but they are only on the bottom so it is not going to sound stereo. I use headphones anyway. The best magic happens while watching YouTube videos. Yes you get black edges on top and bottom, you lose about 15-20% of screen to blackness, but that happens with iPad too! It happens to all those tablets that are 4:3 and not 16:9. Personally, it didn't make any difference to me. The video was so clear on Tab S2 8.0 (WAY BETTER THAN ON MY 1080p LAPTOP) that I enjoyed watching random videos after turning the lights off. Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 is a neat little device. You'll easily fall in love with this tablet. I did.
R21U7MO85CNDUX	5.0	The Comprehensive, Practical Buyers Guide for the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2	79	89	Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7" So you want to decide why the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 over other tablets, First, if you don’t want to read my entire review, here is a spoiler, this tablet is the best mainstream tablet on the market as of September 2015, hands down. Best overall specs (See below for details) and well worth the $499 price tag for the 9.7” model. Second, before I get started with the details I want to let you know, I am a tablet junkie and own a number of these. I have had everything from Palm Pilots, to HP Touchpads, to iPads, iPad mini, Kindles, and Samsung tablets. Ok, so you want to decide why the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 over other tablets. First off, this is the newest flagship in the Samsung Tablet Arsenal. Follow-up to the Galaxy Tab S released in 2014. For simplicity sake I will compare the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 to its predecessor the S1, and to the iPad Air 2, which is its closest competitor in speed and function. Speed & Memory: This is where this device will shine. It is rolling a Samsung 8-Core processors Exynos 5433 1.9GHz with 3GB Ram. This is not the flagship chip of Samsung, but it is fast, and much faster than the old S1 for things like multitasking, and a bit faster than the iPad air 2 with a 3core 1.5GHz and only 2 GB ram. Score a huge point for the Galaxy Tab S2. With this powerful processor, the Samsung Galaxy S2 tab software can multitask better than you might expect. You can minimize the screen to about a quarter of the regular size or, run two apps in side-by-side mode, which I love. Very useful if you want to say watch a youtube video while reading another article. The Samsung Galaxy S2 allows you to minimize up to five apps at a time, although I have not found a need to do that yet, it’s cool that you could do it. Currently the iPad does not have anything like this, yet. Rumor has it they might in a future iOS update offer a split screen but we don’t know if that’s true or what it will look like. The Samsung Galaxy S2 is designed with this in mind and works well. Battery is one area that I am disappointed in at first. It sports a 5,870mAh battery vs 7340mAh on the iPad Air2, and 7900mAh on the older Tab S1. They seemed to sacrifice about 20% battery capacity for a weight and thickness. That said, I used the heck out of it all day and after 24 hours of not charging it still had 50% left on the battery meter! Battery does NOT seem to be an issue at all with this tablet and was impressive! Weight: The Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 weighs in at 389 grams vs Tab S at 465g, and the iPad Air 2 at 437g. It is also the thinnest option at 5.6mm(.22 inches) vs the S1 at 6.6mm and the iPad Air 2 at 6.1mm. Rear camera is 8MP, which is ok, and same as iPad Air 2, No flash is in this one, which is a downgrade from the Tab S. The Front camera is up to 2.1, higher than the iPad Air 2 which is 1.2. Score a small point for the Galaxy series, and the Tab S2. You do not have to look too far to find a few reviewers not liking one tablet over another, and this is no exception. The biggest complaint seems to be that Samsung changed its screen size from 10.5 to 9.7 inch. Owning both the S1 and S2, I have found the screen size difference to be very minimal. As another amazon reviewer, Andrew, stated: The screen: The Tab S2 is not significantly smaller than on the Tab S. To calculate the area of the screen: ( [x-aspect] * [y-aspect] ) * ( [diagonal measurement] / [diagonal-aspect] )^2. Simplifying that you get [diagonal measurement]^2 * (x*y)/(x^2 + y^2). Tab S = [10.5]^2 * (16*10)/(256+100) = 49.55 square inches Tab S2 = [9.7]^2 * (4*3)/(16+9) = 45.16 square inches Therefore, The Tab S2 screen is 8.9% smaller then the S1, and looks great for the web or typing. If you hold these two next to each other they are similar in size but in 4:3 format which is ideal for web browsing and games. The S1 16:10 was ideal for movie watching. The reason for the change is Samsung is trying to conform to standardizing efforts by google and apple to a 4:3 design. This allows software developers an easier time for customers to view their content in the same way. The old Samsung devices were 16:10, which is good for movies, but not so good for the web and some applications that developers want to keep consistent on all platforms. To say that the Samsung Galaxy S2 screen is beautiful is an extreme understatement. The screen is amazing with the 2048 x 1536 Super AMOLED display showing a crisp, bright color making it the best screen on the market. This 9.7 S2 screen is better than the iPad mini by sheer pixel density. 359ppi vs the ipad 264ppi. This results in a sharper, better detailed picture then the ipad. Samsung’s Super AMOLED display is bright and vibrant and you will be impressed. Nothing against the iPad, its Retina display is good, but the Samsung is better. Since I spend way more time in games and on the web or word processing then watching movies, I do prefer the 4:3 size but thats my preference. Score a nice but mixed point for the Samsung. Software: Samsung chose to not include to much bloatware which is great. You can also login as different users, and install the Samsung Kids app (115MB) which has excellent parent controls giving you specific apps your child can use when using the Tab S2, and locks it unless you enter your passcode to exit this mode. Other features I like: touch-based fingerprint sensor, microSD slot and Android 5.0 OS. I also like the metal feel and the attachment for aftermarket keyboards and cases on the back side. Bottom line, great tablet and worth the $499 price tag. The S1 is still around and $399 but you get 16gb vs 32gb and a trade off on a few other specs. The iPad air 2 is the real loser here with ~499-$599 price tag. 64gb but no micro sd slot so your stuck with 64gb and a slower processor and worse display. This tablet is ideal for anyone looking at a higher end alternative to the iPad flagship iPad air 2 or want high end Android tablet. You will love this tablet and I think it is worth the $499 price tag. There are a lot of other options out there today, but this one will run smooth, and not disappoint.
R3BHLBFNIOOIZ0	5.0	Samsung’s Flagship Tablet, Premium Tablet, with a premium feel	58	67	Review of my new Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7" 32GB (Wi-Fi), Gold The Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 is the lightest, thinnest and sleekest tablet on the market. As an owner of an iPad Air 2 tablet for a year, I was astonished when I picked up the tablet to feel just how lightweight it was. The AMOLED screen resolution is absolutely stunning. The whites are more white and the blacks are more black than on the iPad Air. The resolutions of the iPad Air 2 and the Galaxy Tab S2 are nearly identical in terms of resolution, but where the Galaxy pulls ahead is in the colors. Vibrant and crisp, every inch of the Tab The backing of the Tab S2 is plastic albeit, but it doesn’t feel cheap whatsoever. The back is sleek and feels metallic. The sides of the Galaxy Tab s2 are metal and feel smooth and comfortable to the touch. The tablet is extremely light, and the weight is so well distributed that there is absolutely no strain when holding the Tab with one hand. The Tab S2 runs Samsung's TouchWiz UI on Android Lollipop 5.0.2, powered by Samsung's own Exynos 7 Octa processor, with speeds of 1.9GHz. The Tab has 3GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. One of my favorite parts of the Galaxy Tab S2 is the microSD slot with up to 128GB of expandable storage. The 9.7-inch Tab S2 comes with a 5,870mAh embedded battery. One of the biggest changes from the Tab S to the Tab S2 is the switch from 16:10 to 4:3 aspect ratio. The 4.3 is much better for reading, and web surfing. The 16:10 was more practical for watching videos and movies, so in that sense the 4:3 is a downside. The fingerprint scanner is much improved from the Galaxy Tab S, very similar to the Galaxy Note 5 and S6 Edge. It is almost always quick half second to log in to the Tab S2 using the fingerprint function. Below is a comparison between the iPad Air 2 and the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2. With the release of the iPad Air 3 a couple months away, the Galaxy Tab S2 is the best tablet on the market, for the time being, in nearly all aspects. iPad Air 2 vs Galaxy Tab S2 Size, Advantage Galaxy - Galaxy: 237mm x 169mm x 5.6mm - iPad: 240mm x 170mm x 6.1mm Weight, Advantage Galaxy - Galaxy: 389g (Wi-Fi), 392 (LTE) - iPad: 437g (Wi-Fi), 444g (LTE) Screen Resolution, Tie - Galaxy: 2048 x 1536, 264 ppi - iPad: 2048 x 1536, 264 ppi Battery, Advantage iPad - Galaxy: 5,870mAh - iPad: 7,340mAh MicroSD, Adv. Galaxy - Galaxy: YES - iPad: NO RAM, Adv. Galaxy - Galaxy: 3GB - iPad: 2GB Base model storage, Adv. Galaxy - Galaxy: 32GB -iPad: 16GB
RJNKIK4ZWR1C6	5.0	Best of Galaxy tablets. Wish it has Digitalized screen & Palm rejection feature for Pen use	20	21	I bought the black 9.7” S2 tablet. I evaluate it according to how I use it & what’re important to me. Note that I use most of its main features. I leave out only a few that I don't use much. I wont list the specs because it's easily found on Samsung product Web page. Buying this tablet, my most priority are: Portability, Reading/Web searching comfortability, & Gaming capability. 1. The S2 is IMPRESSIVELY THIN & LIGHT for the size, that's great for portability & for long holding/reading. It is sturdy, too. It feels good & solid in my hands. It is sleek & stylish. If putting by its side, the tablet S appears thick & plain, the Surface 3 looks fat, & the Ipad seems boring. Every single detail on this S2 is well designed & well made – the buttons, the port, the logo, the frame, … All scream premium. I want to use it w/o the case, but I dare not. The micro USB card slot is a wonderful option. But, 32GB storage is enough for me for now. 2. The Super Amoled SCREEN is gorgeous. It is very responsive, & is only fully appreciated when playing certain games. I play a lot complicated, fast-pacing soccer games which require good virtual control D-Pad on the screen. With this S2, I can easily control my team soccer players with only light press on the D-pad, which is great. The S2 is better than Ipad Air on this aspect. . The screen is very bright, & is much brighter than the Dell Venue 8 Pro Window tablet which has more than 400 lux (average is < 400 lux). So, S2 could be between 450- 500 lux. In a dim room, I keep the brightness at 25% or less for reading. In a well lit library, I need only 50% brightness or even less. . The screen color is deep, rich, vibrant, & natural - phew, lucky me. It is NOT like the Galaxy S which is too saturated producing weird color on the cartoons, worst with the orange. I would not buy it if it is like that. Putting by its side, the famous Nexus 7 (2nd Gen) & the Surface 3 appear washed out. The resolution PPI is few points lower than Tab S. But, human eyes would not see any difference on 8-10 inch tablets. With lower PPI, it will draw less power and battery juice. So, it should not be a point for complaining. . Mine has no dead pixel or bleeding screen. In fact, I could not even see my S2 tablet in the dark when running the Bleeding Screen test on it. The screen has absolutely no light gray spots at the edges often seen in other tablets (even with the premium ones). It is perfectly uniformly white. On this aspect, it is better than Surface 3, Lenovo, even IPads, & many others. 3. The PROCESSOR is better than the S tablet, but is not the best one currently available in the market. This upsets quite few people. Several Tech reports say it beats tablet S all the way (by 40%). It beats the Ipad Air on multi-CORE, but falls a little behind on single CORE. To my experience, for the 9.7” size, only the Ipad Air & this Galaxy S2 could play these complicated soccer games fluidly at fast-pacing rate, meaning their processors are very powerful. Many others, including the older 9.7” IPads & the 10.5” Galaxy S, etc ... are sluggish when playing these games. Of course, for normal daily uses & basic games like Fun Run, Marvel, Real Steel, etc ... the S2 runs very fast & snappy. It opens heavy web pages, multiple web pages, or long web pages full of rich, colorful pictures very quickly, and runs w/o any hiccup. Also, it does not get warm at all even with many hours of nonstop heavy games & web search. 4. THE a/b/g/n/AC WIFI is execellent. I have the most pathetic, weak wifi at home (1.5Mbps for down load, 0.5Mbps for upload. For your reference, the bad - OK one has 6Mbps for download). However, this S2 maintains good wifi signal persistently at 5-6 room-distance away from the router, while the others – miniIpad (1st gen), LG Gpad, Nexus 7 (2nd Gen), Dell Venue 8 android tablet, Lenovo ultrabook – keep dropping the signals on & off even with just one Wifi user. The tablet S2 streams You tube videos instantly. Most You tube & Netflix movies have 1 inch of black bars on the top & at the bottom due to 4:3 ratio screen. It’s not bad at all. The MOVIE color & sharpness are great. The AUDIO is loud enough, & the sound quality is awesome when using the ear phones. Also, the 4.0 BLUETOOTH works well. My Bluetooth mouse runs smoothly & is stable. 5. The S2 has a clean, SIMPLE UI which I like. There are only few bloatwares, but they could be useful to some people. The Samsung on-screen keyboard is too much … The keys are little small to type comfortably. I switch to Google keyboard, which is not perfect but is simpler & easier to type. . The S2 is a MIRACAST enable device. I can mirror the S2 to ANY TiVi that has HDMI port, using MS wireless adapter. This is great for travelling. I just play or stream movies on S2, then, mirror the movies onto the hotel TV to watch. You have to update the adapter to its newest version first by downloading its app from Window store to a Window 8 computer, then, the WiFi, which connects the computer to the MS wireless adapter, will update it to the MS wireless adapter that you plug into the TV. 6. The READING/ WEB SEARCHING experience is very good due to many factors: the screen ratio 4:3, the large size 9.7”, the crispy letters, high resolution, the beautiful, deep color, the very responsive screen, & the strong, non-lagging processor …. The tablet S2 open the web pages quickly within 1-2 seconds even with pages full of colorful pictures like Netflix or Red Box. The pages slide up/down extremely fast with just one finger flick. When I move the pages up/down, the letters and the words get blurry a little, but dont shake much, which is great. However, the page lags behind the finger about 1-2 inches. On Window tablet & Ipad, the pages lag behind the finger only 1/2 to 1 inch, making me feel as if the page sticks to my finger which is awesome. They're all good, but if talking about comparison, the Window tablet & the Ipad are little better than Android tablet on web search comfortability, propably because Android does not have as solid Web browsers. The stock Web browser & Chrome are very good & very stable on S2, but don't have embedded flash to play video clips, which is annoying (the same for IPads). The Dolphin Web browser does, but it has been shaky in S2 - very frustrated. . I wish Samsung makes digitalized screen plus the palm rejection to use with the pen. I also wish the MS Word Android version has the Ink features. There is NONE right now. So, I have to carry both the Surface 3 (for heavy college works/study/other paper works) AND Galaxy S2 (for entertainment/games, & some light works). Galaxy S2 has no palm rejection feature, making it hard to use with the pen. 8. The GAME experience is awesome. Mostly, I play complicated, fast-pacing soccer games which require a powerful machine & a good on-screen D-pad control. Only few tablets are able to handle these games well at fast pace, AND have good D-pad to play efficiently. They are miniIpads, Dell Venue 8 android, the new Dell 8 7000, & the Shield tablet. For the 10 inch tablets, only Ipad Air & Galaxy S2 could perform well AND have solid control D-pad. The S2 is better because having better responsive screen. The older Ipads, Galaxy S, other Samsung tablets, Nexus 7, LG Gpad, etc …. either don’t perform well or don’t have good, smooth D-pad, or dont have both. The large 9.7" size is great for soccer games as well as other action games like Marvel, Real Steel, Spider-man, etc ... The colors & pictures of these games ARE STUNNING on S2. I don’t want to go back to 8.4 inch tablet any more. The soccer players are too small to enjoy. Of course, it is also too small for comfortable web search. . There's complaint about smaller battery & lower resolution PPI. But, to me, these are NOT significant or bad for daily use. The web search drains the battery the most, but it still lasts around 8hr plus of continuous use. The same for Netflix movie streaming. In sleep mode, the S2 drains its battery a little more than 10% per day w/o wifi on or app running. The charger is small, and is easy to carry around. Charging time is about 2.5-3hr, typical for microUSB charging port. . To SUM UP, I've been waiting for a tablet like this since 2011. This S2 meets all 3 priority conditions mentioned above, which are the Must-Have to me. For comparison, S2 is much better than tablet S in many ways – lighter weight, slim & stylish design, more responsive screen, more natural screen color, stronger & faster processor with no lag, better UI, better reading experience, better gaming capability, & fewer bloatwares. It's price is at the same range with other premium devices. But, with $100 promotion discount with old tablet Trade-in deal, the S2 is even a better choice. FYI, the new Sony Zen4 having similar features and specs costs more than $600, but is not as fast as the older tablet S per reports. . FYI, some You tube videos show tips & tricks that make the S2 function better. Check them out. . I recommend these apps which would make S2 more productive & handy 1- Notification Toggle 2- Lock screen 3- Volume in notification 4- Wifi Transfer 5- Android Assistant 6- Google keyboard 7- Google Handwriting Input . Notification Toggle app is awesome. It will add 2 more notification bars under Samsung notification in the Pull down menu. You can add, assign, & arrange ANY apps in these bars for quick access. So, you don’t have to go back to home screens to open your wanted apps any more. Its most awesome feature is that it has virtual Home screen Button. You could go to Home screen at any time WITHOUT pressing the physical Home screen button. This button might get worn out & broken if using too much (arguably). You just slide down the Pull down Menu & tap on the virtual Home Screen button that you place in the toggle. Also, you could add in the Volume Toggle which controls the volume of Media, Notification, & Alarm, all in one place conveniently. . Lock Screen app is very handy. I could turn off the screen at any time by tapping on this icon, and I could put this icon in Notification Toggle in the Pull down Menu. . Volume in Notification app is handy, too. I can turn the volume up/down/ or mute at any time by tapping on this one. It is much nicer & more convenient than using the physical Volum buttons. I put it in the Notification Toggle, too. . Wifi transfer is another awesome app, & is an alternative to the Cloud Storage. It helps to avoid using the microUSB port too often. I heard horrible stories of people whose tablets’ microUSB ports got broken & could not charge the device any more (not the S2 though)…. Wifi Transfer app will transfer your files between 2 tablets or to computers directly using the Wifi. No more plugging in & plucking out the microUSB pen drive. I now use the micro-USB port only for charging the device. . Android Assistant: I use this one to free up the RAM because it could turn off the unused apps which run hiddenly in the back ground. If some apps get freezing while running (Not with the S2 though), I run this Android Assistant to turn them off. I always run this app before putting the S2 into the sleep mode when not using it. This app also has many other functions, too. Hope my review would help you to decide whether or not you should buy this awesome Galaxy S2. I highly recommend it.
R24X7W80UH58UU	4.0	From an Apple Fan	15	16	Let me preface this review by stating that I'm coming from years of mac and idevice use so this whole android thing was a whole new world for me. I haven't used a tablet in a long time - I have an iPad2 and rarely use it, preferring to either go to my desktop, laptop or phone depending on the location which is why I haven't upgraded my tablet in many years. It's just not a device that I find myself needing or wanting. Surprisingly to me, the Tab I've reached for more often now that I have it and I much prefer it over the iPad for reasons beyond the looks and feel of it. The first thing that struck me was how responsive the fingerprint reader is for the home button. It puts my iPhone to shame. At first I thought it had to be a fluke but it wasn't. It just is that quick!! While most will not care about this it was the first of many things to impress me. The tablet itself is quite lovely. There's a camera which I used - it's not great but if you need a picture and it's the device in your hand it does the job well enough if you can get over the awkwardness of holding it for a picture. The color (gold) is understated and pretty, almost has a silver tinge to it. It's quite pretty. It is also a very light tablet which is great for when you're holding it at odd angles. Once into the Tab after set up I was struck with how crystal clear and beautiful the screen was. The colors are vibrant! I got a few apps set up and started watching Netflix on it and it performed beautifully both in speed and in color. I was quite impressed with how clear everything was when streaming! One of the downfalls for me, which I realize in an OS issue and not the Tab specifically, is all the dang ads. I like a clean visual space (I'm weird) and I hated the ads that I couldn't figure out how to remove from the home page and that pop up all the time throughout the apps (at least the ones I was in). While I see ads in iOS devices they are much less obtrusive and annoying. The other major downfall I found is that the battery life just isn't that great. It seemed to do longer if using in short bursts but if you're streaming a movie it dies quicker than my iPad 2 which surprised me. Fine for when you're home but if you're using this out and about I'd highly recommend carrying along a USB charger - especially if in a car with kiddos. Be warned though that charging takes a bit of time. Overall it's a solid product that is light, had a good screen and is a dream to use.
R2UYUKVKENYN6K	5.0	Great new tab - even better if you can find a deal on it	20	23	I was debating whether to buy a new Tab S2 to replace my old Nexus 7 and had decided that I really didn't need one. After all, with phablets getting larger and 2-in-1 devices like the Surface Pro available, who needs a third device to lug around. Especially a high end tablet, that'll last maybe 3 years at most. I had also been considering the latest iPad Mini and Asus Zenpad S. Then I saw the trade-in offer at that store with the big yellow sign - trade in any working tablet and get $100 credit towards a Tab S2. I traded in my 2012 Nexus 7 which had become so slow it was useless. The deal lasts through the end of Sept, btw. Having used it for a few days now, I'm very glad I bought it. Beautiful, sharp amoled screen. The 4:3 aspect ratio is much better than 16:9 for general use (web surfing, reading and most videos). The only thing it's not good for is 16:9 widescreen movies, but I watch those on my tv anyway. The 8" form factor in 4:3 is also ideal as a media consumption device in between my phone and laptop. Much more usable than a 7" widescreen like the Nexus, but still compact enough to hold with one hand and light enough to do so comfortably. It's very responsive, even though the processor isn't Samsung's latest and greatest (i.e. the one used in the S6 smartphone). I was concerned about the plastic back, but it actually feels very nice with the soft touch finish and it saves weight. Despite the plastic and how thin it is, the tab still feels very solid. The fingerprint recognition works perfectly, SD card expandability is a big plus and preinstalled MS Word and Excel is useful. It would be more comfortable to hold if the sharp beveling on the edge of the metal bezel band was slightly rounded, but no big deal, since adding a case could take care of that. It also looks classy, with matte finish and minimal "bling". No more ugly gold trim or bronze colored plastic, like last year's model. The main drawback to this tab is its short battery life (about 6-7 hours in my experience), which is significantly lower than last year's Tab S, the iPad Air/Mini and others in this range. Not only is the battery life short, it takes a long time to recharge (there's no quick charge circuitry). IMO, they should have prioritized battery life over thin-ness. I mean how thin does it need to be? Anyway, Samsung won - they beat the iPad air by a mm or two. I'll be buying an external battery pack for long flights. The two speakers are located along the bottom edge in portrait mode. Though they would have sounded better along one of the sides for proper stereo separation in landscape mode, the thin bezel design didn't allow for it. Despite this, the sound quality isn't bad. All in all, I highly recommend this tablet. I give it 4.5 stars based on getting it for $100 off. At list price, I'd give it 4 stars. Potential buyers might also consider getting last year's Tab S, which is widescreen (the screen is also .4" larger diagonally), has much better battery life (around 12 hrs) and is currently going for under $300, though it won't be as fast or as good at multi-tasking. One month update: No problems. I really like this tab and use it a lot. However if I were to buy again, I'd opt for the 9.7 inch instead. My reason for getting the 8 inch was because it can be held with one hand, gripping on both sides. In use however, I never hold it that way and just hold it on one side or rest the corner on my palm. The 9.7 would have been better for videos and it's still very light. Too late for me to exchange, but I'm still happy with the 8.0.
R3BNRML85S8U1D	5.0	This tablet will wow you!!!	10	10	Extremely nice tablet. Samsung Galaxy Tab s2 has incredible display and playback is breathtaking. Full Speaker sound is loud and high quality. I have owned several IPAD'S and top of line Kindle and this tablet has the edge. One word of caution, the Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 is not the same as the Samsung Galaxy Tab s2. Finding a hard rubber case is next to impossible. Look at Griffin Technology sold exclusively by Best Buy. Also purchase the 128 gb memory card. This will increase your tablets memory to 160 gb. Amazon did a fabulous job of packaging this tablet. FedEx delivered on a Saturday but threw package from truck to middle of driveway. Tablet still worked and no inside package damage. Thank you Amazon.
RNZECUN657QHF	5.0	Maybe an iPad killer	10	10	I love this tablet! Its design, and specifications quality of build are similar to the iPad air 2, at a lower price point . The richness of the color saturation with the Super AMOLED screen, which also has the same resolution and pixel density as the iPad air 2, is mesmerizing. The tablet is lightning fast, with its octa-core processor. It's lightweight, sleek and attractive. I like the fact that it has expandable memory via Micro SD card, which the Apple line of tablets does not offer. I am not dissing Apple. We use and love their products, as well. Android and iOS both have their merits and shortcomings, in my opinion. I would strongly recommend this beautiful tablet, which performs as good as it looks.
R3K9RU2H6HHQ4N	5.0	Fast, Beautiful Screen, Highly Recommended! Love it!	9	9	What a piece of technology. When you are choosing from a modern tablet, you are looking for an amazing screen, fast hardware, and a quality operating system to give you access to your apps and media. This tablet does so with flying colors and oh is it fast! I love this tablet and would highly recommend it. You get a high res beautiful screen, a fast 8 core processor with 3 gb of ram and 32gb of internal storage with the ability to add capacity with an sd card. You get stereo sound (which for me is a first with a tablet) for great portable sound and or video watching. The AC wifi allows for blazing wifi speeds and I'm blown away with how quickly I'm able to load and watch 1080p Youtube video's with no buffering. The unit is so thin and light, compared to my older ipad 3rd generation it almost feels half the weight but same screen size and more power. The cost with that lighter weight has to come from somewhere and I'd say it's the battery, as I've had to charge the unit more frequently as a result. I believe it is rated at 6.5 hours which seems pretty accurate with consistent use. Another criticism I would have to add is the time it takes to charge. If you are needing to add power during the day be prepared for 3-4 hours for the unit to charge back to full. Plugging it in at night would be a good habit to get into. The camera's are quick and take great pictures comparable to modern smart phones on both the front and back camera. The fingerprint scanner has been hit or miss, I've reregistered my fingerprint a number of times but have had periods where it simply will not recognize my print. The Samsung software is fairly unobtrusive when I compare it to previous Samsung devices I've had in the past. The price for the 9.7 S2 is great for what you are getting and did I mention it is fast!
R1GKYU4FHU03F3	5.0	My favorite tablet and I have many!	9	9	This is an excellent device. I am a technology professional. I have and work with many tablets. My favorite used to be the iPad line. They are great devices, however most of the things that annoy me about my iPad have been addressed in this device and many things where the iPad excelled are also present here. Good things about this device also shared by iPad but not all tablets. 4x3 screen. IMHO 16x9 is not as useful on a tablet this size. Good scren color, resolution, and brightness. Light weight for its size. Applications that meet most all needs. Physical home button. What this device has that the iPad lack. GPS capability in the WiFi only version Expandable memory An on screen keyboard with numbers, backspace and delete and forward and back arrows! Multiple vendor app stores. Some other facilities that Apple locks down (Bluetooth com, USB, the GPS API, and stuff) Inexpensive charging sync, ... cables Web pages load much faster and don't crash (need to reload). WIDI screen sharing What iPad's have over this device Longer battery life Very secure OS and apps (the advantage of single source app store and locked down OS and peripherals) Airplay
R3I27J1YKS093I	3.0	Beautiful Screen, Terrible Battery	22	26	A month in with this tablet and I'm generally really happy with it. Samsung's Android skin is extremely smooth, adds function without clouding the Android experience. Hardware powers through websites and apps without a second thought. The screen is gorgeous, deep colors and crisp blacks. Its difficult to look at my new LG G4 phone after looking at this screen; it just pales in comparison. Big gripe, though: the battery on this thing... well, it sucks. Its really bad. It will not last more than a 3-4 hours of a lazy afternoon's heavy use (browsing imgur, a video here / there, web browsing). I have to turn it off whenever I'm not using it, otherwise it has to be tethered to it's charger. Lastly, the thumb print scanner is not functional. Not worth the headache of setting it up. It fails no matter how carefully you replicate your initial placement. Would be nice to have an update where it continued to learn your print in the future, to make the scan more efficient. All said and done, this is very likely the best Android tablet on the market.... for now. Google's Pixel C tablet comes out soon and I need to figure out a way to swap this Samsung for that new beast.
R2ZFM3ONXXDBT5	5.0	Great for surfing	12	13	I have tried several cheaper tablets before finally taking the plunge and buying this Samsung. If you are considering this tablet, go ahead and purchase it. Not only will you save the money associated with the purchase of the cheaper tablet, you will also save the headache of having to set up multiple tablets. 1st I tried a 7 inch and that tablet was just too small. Next I tried an 8 inch, and although it was easier to use than the 7 inch, I still found it difficult to read various web pages and useless for watching movies. This tablet with its 4:3 aspect ratio is great for surfing the Web. Let me admit, I'm in no way a movie buff; however, I find the S2's ability to play movies much higher than I expected. As far as battery life, I have been using it for about a week and have not noticed the battery level below 50% by the end of the day. Both of the other tablet's batteries never lasted for an entire day of my typical usage. Overall I think you will come to the same conclusion I did about this tablet and you will be happy with your decision.
R1IHJH5PPA7MMX	5.0	It is also nuch less laggy than the old one and battery life seems to be good so far	19	22	I got it and i must say it is fantatic it is so light and it is very thin. I know the screen is a slightly lower ppi than the original s but it is a miniscule difference and i cant tell. It is also nuch less laggy than the old one and battery life seems to be good so far.
RIYVT36VD5EUY	5.0	Best tablet available	8	8	Very happy with my decision to buy this tablet over the iPad Air 2 and Microsoft Surface. Love that it has Microsft Excel and other programs pre-loaded. Very convient spreadsheet functionality for work, or creating documents on Microsoft Word. Finger print sensor works pretty much flawlessly. The biggest gripe I'm seeing people have with this tablet is battery life. In my real world findings the battery is more than adequate. I routinely go 4-6 days between charging with moderate use everyday. Now I don't watch movies on it (that's why I have a tv), I don't play graphically intense games (I have ps4 and xbox one for that), I do play games like solitare, couch surf the web, check emails, shop online, online banking etc.. The amazing thing about the battery is that when it is idle when I'm sleeping/part of the day at work it won't drop any battery percentage. It's gone 24hrs in idle while I was away (I purposely noted the battery percentage before I left) it stayed at 48% for 24hrs. And that's not in any power save mode. One time it actually GAINED 1% battery life over night. I was amazed! And I suppose this may even become better after it gets Android version 6.0 marshmallow, with its "Doze" sleep battery saving feature. This thing is impossibly thin. The Gold color is beautiful. So much so that I didn't want to put a case on it so I just ordered a basic crystal clear TPU soft gel case so I can still admire the tablets beauty instead of covering it up. Processor is very quick and responsive, coupled with 3gb of RAM I can bounce back and forth between apps and web pages without having to reload them. Overall very happy with my purchase. I still love my iphone and the on-the-go simplicity of iOS. But for my "home computer" I wanted something more then just a blown up iphone. I wanted customization and a more open platform for my tablet yet not sacrifice any top of the line features and hardware. That is exactly what I got! Bravo Samsung!
R1SQVIEYGYNDP0	5.0	Wonderful Device	14	16	This is an amazing device. I bought it mostly to read Kindle books but it does a lot more. I had my Kindle books on my Smart Phone and liked reading them so much electronically that I decided to get a tablet to make reading easier. The size is perfect for reading. It will play videos but other than YouTube how to videos, I am not much interested. The videos are very clear and easy to see. Here is my take on the device after using it for a few days: Pros: Clear, beautiful display Incredibly smooth scrolling Perfect size for reading ebooks Very thin and light. Hold with one hand Samsung gives you a free Kindle book once/month - you get to choose from 4 books. All the Kindle books on my phone auto loaded into the device - they are still on my phone and shares the left-off location with the phone. Connects to the internet using Chrome Same operating system as my phone (Android but not a Samsung Phone) The google calendar auto loaded with all my activities and appointments Access to Google play store - installed Google Drive so my computer, laptop, and phone all have the same files. Loaded Roboform password manager so all my logons are available in Chrome (hooray, hooray!) Lots of games available, haven't got to that yet. Has all the Android stuff - Clock, Calculator, email, google maps, photos, etc. plus Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Skype, OneDrive Cons: Pricey, but considering the quality of the device not out-of-line.
R1ZKVQVPRVVF0E	4.0	Good enough to be exciting!	20	24	Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0" (32GB, Gold)I own and use many devices - phones, computers of all shapes and sizes, and tablets. This tablet is pretty close to ideal. Fast on all types of processes, gorgeous screen (and I prefer the 4:3 aspect ratio), VERY light and thin, very well built and good looking (I got gold, and it's very sharp). It's a 32gb device, but I immediately added a 64gb SDXC card for $20. (How did Samsung choose to leave the SD slot out of the Note 5 and Galaxy S6 - and Apple out of everything! - But that's for another review.) Sound is good for an 8-inch tablet, though that's a bit being damned by faint praise. Sound is probably its biggest weakness. The WiFi includes both "n" and "a/c" specs, despite a review that says otherwise. By far the nicest 7-8 inch tablet I've seen or used. BTW, I got a very nice cover through Amazon for $8.99. It also looks good, works well, is pretty thin and light, and automatically puts the tablet to sleep when you close the cover.
R3S9LPUBRV661O	4.0	Excellent tablet, thin, light, fast. Battery life is just OK but there are ways to improve it.	10	11	For phones, I prefer Android to iPhone, but until the S2, the iPad Air 2 was the best tablet I could find. But now I've replaced my iPad with this tablet and I'm totally happy that I did. Compared to the iPad Air 2, the Samsung is a hair smaller and thinner and lighter, but the screen looks to be the same size and resolution. Performance seems equally good. Although the base memory is limited to 32GB, you can add an SD card to get more memory. Battery life seems a little shorter than the iPad Air 2, but there are a few settings you can change that will improve it; you can enable power saving mode (it dims the screen a little and slows the processor down a bit), you can make Wi-Fi turn off when the tablet is sleeping, and you can also use the built in Smart Manager app to "optimize" apps that you don't use often so that they don't run at all in the background until you need them again. There are a bunch of built-in Samsung apps that I didn't want but couldn't uninstall, although you can disable some of them. None of them seem to really be useful except for the aforementioned Smart Manager app. Samsung's TouchWiz skin on top of Android is not as ugly or clunky as on earlier products, but by default the first page on your home screen is the Flipboard "briefing" news page, which luckily you can turn off. Of course you can also replace TouchWiz launcher entirely if you want to; I installed Google Now Launcher because it puts all the contextual cards from Google Now on the first home screen page where you can get to them with just a swipte. Sound quality is good, the fingerprint reader works well, the screen is sharp and bright, and it runs every app I've tried just fine. It'll even let you run two apps side by side, similar to what you can do on newer iPads - but also similar to iPads, that feature only works with certain apps. Overall I'm very satisfied. P. S. If you do add an SD card, just plugging it in isn't enough; you then need to do two things make the system use it: First, for any apps that use a lot of storage - mainly ones that do a lot with photos, music, or video - open the app, go into its settings, and if there's a choice to use SD, make sure it's on. Second, go into system settings for apps and make sure that you've moved as many apps as possible to SD (this is only available for some apps and only lasts until the next time the app is updated). Also P. S. I ran into several apps which insist on running in portrait orientation instead of being able to handle both portrait and landscape. Luckily there's an app called Rotation Manager by Meerkat which will let you force any particular app to work in either or both orientations (there are actually several similar apps, but this was the only one I found that was both easy to use and which worked).
R21UQS27GDQEO	4.0	Very pleased	10	11	So I've had this tablet for only a few days but I love it. I've had the ipad 2 since launch day and was waiting for an android tablet so i can upgrade. Tab S interested me but i wasnt sure about the aspect ratio. I waited for the Tab S2 to be released so I could get my hands on it and compare to the previous version. I'm very glad I waited because I prefer the aspect ratio of the s2. Coming from an iPad this is what I was used to. The screen is fantastic, everything I do or play looks great. The tablet is extremely thin and lightweight. So far the battery life has been good but time will tell. I have no issues with the fingerprint scanner. The only thing I wish this tablet has was quick charge function like my S6 edge and a bigger battery. Apart from these I am very pleased with my new tablet.
R35G7CKWR73VCX	5.0	I come crawling back to Samsung...	9	10	Following an exhaustive search, I recently purchased an ASUS ZenPad S 8 Z580C-B1-BK 8" 32 GB Tablet to replace my Galaxy Tab S 10.5. I wanted something smaller, in the 8” range, and the Zenpad seemed to check all the boxes while being cheaper than the Tab S2 8.0. I ended up returning it; you can see my review of it for the reasons, but that sent me back to the drawing board, re-researching 8” Android tablets. http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/R187LZB5LW8QAS/ref=cm_cr_pr_rvw_ttl?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B011TVF5QC Given the sheer quantity of Android tablets on the market, there are shockingly few actual good ones. Here’s a quick summary of the 8-inch “contenders” I researched and how I ended up with another Galaxy Tab. 1. ASUS ZenPad S 8 Z580C-B1-BK 8" 32 GB Tablet: Screen brightness problems, lousy performance. See my review for more on that. 2. Dell Venue 8 7000 Android Tablet (16GB): Looks like a nice screen, but the weird proportions make it look like it would be awkward to hold. Also, I had no interest in the 3D cameras. 3. Fire HD 8, 8" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 8 GB - Includes Special Offers, Black: I seriously considered this one, but ultimately I didn’t want to be limited to Amazon’s apps and I was wary that 1GB of ram would cut it. 4. Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 8 - 59426328: Web Special - Intel Atom Z3745 (1.33GHz 1066GHz 2MB): Neat concept with the built-in stand, but a mediocre screen, Lenovo’s poor track record of updating the OS, and some lackluster reviews steered me away from this one. 5. Lenovo IdeaPad S8-50 8 inch Tablet, Full-HD IPS Touchscreen, Intel Z3745 Quad-Core, 16GB Internal Storage, 2GB RAM, Android 4.4 KitKat (Certified Refurbished): A definite maybe, but the specs were almost exactly the same as the Zenpad I had for a week, and that thing sucked. I can’t really say anything bad about this one, I just ended up not picking it. 6. LG Electronics G Pad II 8-Inch Tablet (LGV498): Seems like a pretty weak upgrade to the original Gpad, which was actually pretty good for its time. Built-in stylus is kind of cool, but so-so specs made it not worth the price for me. 7. Samsung Galaxy Tab A SM-T350NZAAXAR 8-Inch Tablet (16 GB, SMOKY Titanium): Consensus seems to be that the screen resolution is too low, and for me, there are plenty of tablets with lousy screens for less money that aren’t bogged down with TouchWiz. So… the Tab S2. I had been trying to avoid the new Tab S2 because I figured I could find something cheaper with less bloatware and a decent screen. I could not. I ended up getting my S2 from a local warehouse store (you know the one) because online it was a few bucks cheaper than Amazon AND included the Samsung Electronics Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 Cover (EF-BT710PBEGUJ), which I very highly recommend. TouchWiz has been cleaned up a bit in the newest version, so that’s nice. The screen is absolutely dynamite, just like my old Tab S 10.5. It’s crazy thin and light, the build quality is top notch, and it’s got power to spare. I still don’t like the buttons on the bezel or TouchWiz, but I can live with them for all the goodness this tablet delivers. It really is worth every penny.
R2V89DA9GQCK4J	5.0	Amazing Tablet, Better than an iPad and here's why...	6	6	Samsung has done it with this one! I have owned four iPads over the years and only one other Android tablet previous to this (plus three iPhones and several Android phones). My chief complaint is that Android just isn't as polished as iOS. In certain areas, that holds true today, but Android has come a long way and Samsung has capitalized on it with this device. So, if you are trying to decide between this and an iPad, here is why you should choose this device, or at least give it a hard look. 1. Chromecast. This little inexpensive device is much cheaper than the Apple TV counterpart. For much less up front, you can mirror your screen on your TV. You can get a first gen Chromecast right now for $20 or $25. The new one will cost you $35, and the new Apple TV costs $149. You can get previous gen Apple TVs for less, but not $25. Now the first time, I connected this to a Chromecast, I got a warning that mirroring is not optimized on the S2, but I saw no issues when I was playing around with it. I did have to adjust my TV screen to get it to show properly though. Once that was done, it showed every bit as clear as my iPad on the Apple TV. 2. Micro SD. With an iPad, you are either stuck with what you have for memory (16, 64, 128 GB) or you use a cloud service. With this (and most other Android tablets), you get a Micro SD card slot that will accept up to an additional 128 GB, and you can swap them out to further expand your storage. Of course you can still use cloud storage as well, and this thing comes with 100 GB of One Drive for two years! For me, I need the micro SD because on deployment, I don't have access to a cloud. 3. USB Host. Yes, this tablet has USB host. What does that mean? We all have USB flash drives laying around somewhere. With a USB OTG cable (we are talking like $6), you can connect your flash drive to the tablet and transfer files to and from it. You will never be able to do that with an iPad. The most an iPad will support is pictures from a camera. With this option on the S2, you can import movies, pictures, documents, music, etc. Keep in mind that in order for the tablet to natively see it, the drive needs to be formatted to Fat32, which windows will do by default anyway. If you have a NTFS drive, you can still use it with a program like ES File Explorer, which is free on the Google Play store. 4. Speaking of the Google Play store, let's talk about the App store options on this vs the iOS App store. Apple has always been very picky about what it allows in the app store. And, if it isn't in the app store, good luck getting it on your iPad. With my S2, I currently have three app stores installed. First is the Google Play store, second is the Samsung store that is installed with the tablet, and third is the Amazon Underground app store. Google Play is obviously the native app store for Android devices (minus your Amazon devices). It has millions of apps available. Google is a bit more lenient on the store vs Apple. To the consumer, that means there is much more variety, but a higher chance you will find an app that isn't quite compatible with your device. The advantage Apple has here is that the devices running iOS come from one company...Apple. With Android, you have probably 100 companies all developing devices to run android with a multitude of combinations of hardware. This will inevitably cause issues for certain devices. But, Samsung has realized that and created the Samsung app store. This store has all the apps that have been specifically tested to work on your S2. The list isn't too shabby either. Finally, the Amazon Underground app store. This is a new idea from Amazon. They take apps you would normally pay for, and make them free to the consumer through a new marketing strategy. To be honest, I am not sure what that strategy is or how Amazon funds this, but what matters is that you get FREE apps that you would normally pay for. So, if you can't find the app you need on one of these stores, you aren't looking hard enough! One distinct advantage in terms of apps is that you can get utorrent on Android. You can not on iOS. 5. Customization. Now, iOS has started to open up to this, but it is still nowhere near where Android is. With Android devices, if you don't like your launcher, you can change it. if you don't like your widgets, you can change them. If you want certain apps on the home screen and certain ones to only show up in the app drawer, you can do that. Of course, all these customization options leave some people feeling over whelmed and that is where the simplicity of iOS has won the hearts of millions, but if you want to venture into the unknown and make your device yours, with this you can. By the way, ask an iOS user what a widget is...they don't know. 6. Media Files types. So with iOS, you are limited in terms of the media files you can play, and there is no VLC player to make up the difference. On an iOS device, you will never get a .avi video file to play. So, this is a big deal breaker if you have a library of .avi movies. With Android, there are a number of media players that will play just about any file you throw at it. 7. File system. On iOS, you can go to a file directory and find the specific file you want and decide what to do with it. Files open in specific apps and if you are lucky, another app will recognize it. With Android, you can go to the file directory (much like windows) and drill down to a specific folder with a specific files and choose to delete, copy, open, etc. Okay, enough about the differences in Android vs iOS and more about this specific, beautiful device. 1. The screen is amazing. Very bright and vibrant. The colors really pop. Of course, this 4:3 format and resolution is a copy of the iPads, and for good reason. A 4:3 tablet is just better than a 16:9 tablet. It feels better holding it in portrait because it is more square. 4:3 uses more screen in less area. When you are talking about small screens, that little extra makes a world of difference. 2. The speakers are pretty good. You can definitely watch a movie or listen to a song without headphones. It is definitely on par with an iPad, if not better. 3. The design is beautiful. The gold color is subtle. Not too flashy and not quite dull. I love it. 4. The finger print scanner works every bit as good as the iPads and iPhones. It makes unlocking your tablet a breeze. 5. The first thing I noticed when I picked this thing up is how light it is. Coming from an iPad Air (1st gen), I could definitely feel that this is lighter. It makes holding it a wonderful experience. 6. In several days of use with my new S2, I have experienced zero lag or freezes. The dual quad core (yes, 8 cores) CPU and 3 GB RAM in this thing really make the device super smooth. It won't slow down and lag like your sub $300 Android tablets. It will handle all apps very well and you can multitask without it slowing down. 7. The cameras are pretty darn good! The clarity is great and even low light shots seem to do pretty well. They are definitely on par with the iPad. Now, here is where an iPad wins vs the S2. 1. I will go back to the polished look. iOS apps generally look more polished than their Android counterparts. But, you will have to go into an app (i.e. Facebook) to notice the difference. On the home screen, you will see the S2 and think how beautiful it is. The launcher and home screen are very polished and go head to head with iOS. It is underneath, in the apps that you will start to notice a difference. 2. Battery Life. I would venture to say that iPad battery life is better than the S2. Not by much, but I can tell a slight difference. My battery gets to 90% on the S2 a little quicker than it did on my iPad. Of course, I have played with it off and on all day and still didn't get past like 50%, so battery life is definitely not shabby, just slightly less than an iPad. ...And that's it. That is the only two advantages I can think of for the iPad. So, after a series of unfortunate events, I was faced with a decision, a Galaxy Tab S2 or an iPad Air 2. I chose this and I am absolutely happy I did. It is a beautiful device that changes the playing field in the tablet world. iPad is no longer the premier device. In my opinion, this thing wins in a head to head battle with an iPad.
R23PXGZWLQ4UH3	5.0	I highly recommend you guys buy this tab, no matter 8.0 or 9.7.	9	10	I am new to America so my English is not good, so I never write reviews on Amazon altough I have bought dozens of things here, however, I really want to suppprt this galaxy tab s2, it is definitely a great product, better than my girlfriend's ipad mini 4! The Exynos 5433 cpu is good, we all know that Exynos series are very strong, extremely high performance, actually, Exynos 7420 is even greater than Snapdragon 810 from Qualcomm! Besides, the super AMOLED screen is No.1 in the world. Samsung products always give me surprise. Actually I am from Taiwan and I am interested in cellphones technologies for several years, many of us love Samsung there! Trust me, buy this tab s2, and enjoy it for 3 years. By the way, the back of it touches pretty comfortable, unlike metal, it gives you enough friction, my girlfriend and I like the feeling.
R2A9MMHBDNVYOT	5.0	good compatible accessories :case with keyboard, and mouse	6	6	very quick and smooth tablet . the charger that came in the box was defective so both samsung and amazon sent me new ones. very pleased with Microsoft Word and all other features. accessories I've added are: Vostrostone Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Keyboard case, KuGi ® High quality Ultra-thin Detachable Bluetooth Keyboard Stand Portfolio Case / Cover+ Free stylus & OTG cable for Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 tablet, and, Tonor Bluetooth 3.0 Wireless Mouse Ultra Slim Portable Optical Mouse 800/1200/1600 DPI both work great with Bluetooth and handy for typing and editing. truly portable. tablet Bluetooth also connects to my little speaker for Pandora or Netflix
R249GAASRVABG3	5.0	Great tablet. I got the 8” to replace my ...	6	6	Great tablet. I got the 8” to replace my iPad mini. Much better and more flexible than the iPad. Good points include the display, performance, microSD slot and weight. Some apps for iOS are more polished and tablet optimized, but most of the Android apps I use are fine. I have found the battery life to be equal to the iPad. I set it on auto brightness and automatically turn off WiFi when in the sleep mode. Highly recommended tablet.
RT9M22R4CXIUY	5.0	More bang for buck than an IPAD Air 2	6	6	Amazing tablet. Light and thin. Gorgeous screen (set it at AMOLED cinema). Excellent product. * Battery: With screen brightness adjustment on an as-needed basis, black background, disabling all unnecessary bloatware and samsung junkware, I have been able to get 10 to 11 hours of total sceen on time. Stand-by battery loss of atmost 1 percent through the night (8-10 hours).
R2BRL5L5TF896V	5.0	The latest is, of course, the greatest	5	5	These are my impressions on Samsung's currently 'latest and greatest' as I move into my 3d week of experiencing it :) THE LOOKS AND FEEL I was impressed by this model's low weight and super-thin build. I don't know if it's 'the lightest' or the 'thinnest' for this form factor and it doesn't matter because what matters is that it really feels good and easy to handle and it looks and feel like a quality, high-end product which, of course, it is. The back is very much fingerprint-proof and by the way, Samsung made it easy to attach covers, especially if they are made by Samsung but I believe that you can get away with third parties as well even though I haven't tried one myself. PORTS, BUTTONS AND EXPANSION Starting with 'expansion', you can add up to 128GB through the MicroSD slot which is very much as high as you can afford these days. There's also a micro-USB port and, of course, it supports Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, the works. Oh, and there's an audio out jack as well. For physical controls, there's is the power and volume on the top and home, back and 'recent' buttons at the bottom. WHAT YOU SEE AND HEAR Super-high-resolution has become the norm for tablets so what I see is very much what I expected. I've been an almost exclusive Kindle Voyager reader because I like its paper-like display but this newest tab may persuade me to use 'a tablet' more often for reading. The 2048x1536(QXGA) Super AMOLED screen looks surprisingly readable even under bright sunlight and the light sensor that adjust not only the brightness but also the color balance helps a lot. I actually love this tablet's colors with it's super-deep-black blacks and bright whites. Speakers... it depends. They are great for a tablet and there's pretty good separation but I still prefer 'big sound' which, by the way, pipes out easily through either Bluetooth or the audio port. Cameras again, as expected, lets you take great pictures and shoot videos with vibrant colors and good stereo sound. OPERATIONS AND OS I like my set my tablets as close to 'standard' Android as possible. It's not always easy and not everything can be deleted but I was able to at least hide out of sight everything I didn't want. As a near-standard Android device, I couldn't be more pleased. However, I can't say much about Samsung's own enhancements because I don't really use them. RATED 'GREAT' I love the superior screen (resolution, brightness, color balance), the overall feel of 'high end', the power of its octacore app processor, the I/O speed of 802.11ac Wi-Fi and its ease of use. I can't think of anything 'negative' to say so, it's an easy '5 stars' for me.
R7WTPPEWP5VAZ	5.0	2 Weeks - Still Very Happy	5	5	Although purchased from retail store (for easy return in case we don't like it), I place my review on favourite shopping website. My wife and I, have been using Samsung Tab S2 9.7" for 2 weeks. Here are our impressions, in no special order. Screen is simply beautiful. We never supposed to watch movies on it, so the screen format was our deliberate choice. We postponed a purchase of our first tablet for a long time as my wife finds computers hard for her eyes - but now when we have this one I can get it mostly when she sleeps. I have been with computers for decades, and cannot stop wondering at miracles like this tablet. Every day find new features which would never expect in such a small form factor. Octa-core processor is quite powerful. In some cases even use this tablet to supplement my RAID workstation which I designed and built for serious computer work. This is my first serious experience with Android, but I was surprised to find how mature the OS became. I installed a couple of programs including G Data Internet Security, and have absolutely no problems. Even our daughter and son-in-law who own computer business and have several IPad Retina tablets admitted that this Samsung is at least on the same level - except better price. Microsoft Office alone costs half of tablet's price - and it's included. I honestly think about buying a second S2 tablet - probably 8.0" for carrying it around everywhere.
RMH6F7TV3UL5N	5.0	Best tablet I've ever owned!!!!	6	6	Great tablet. Fast processor, beautiful screen. Bought a cheaper tablet first, Sent it back. It was so slow. You get what you pay for. Samsung makes great products. Only had it a short time but I love it so far. Everything I wanted in a tablet.
R3HERHZUCQLZ4S	5.0	Excellent iPad replacement	8	9	I had an iPad mini that was nice but screen was awful and it was dated so I tried this to match my new note 5 this thing is amazing is incredibly light and thin and the screen is gorgeous. The tablet is a hard plastic back for the black one but it's solidly built with no flex whatsoever. The screen is amazing is crisp bright and contrast is fantastic and unlike iPad mini it represents the true colors gamut. The software is OK I was able to put Google now on it with no issue and that works great. Touch wiz is definitely toned down but still didn't add much value. Battery has been excellent. Sadly quick charge is missing that is fantastic on the note 5. Overall very pleased with the device.
RQQHSUWZI3IMU	5.0	Nice little tablet	5	5	I bought mine locally as I needed it faster that amazon could get it to me, but I'll throw my 2 cents in. First off, the 4:3 screen... MUCH better for reading and browsing the web the 16:10 screens we've all sort of gotten used to. I've had 2 fire tablets, both were pretty good. My original 8.9's battery died and my HDX 7'' met an untimely death bouncing off a tile floor. I'd pick this Tab S2 over either of them for reading, browsing, and day to day stuff. The only weak spot for s2 is it's not quite as good for watching movies. It's not bad by any means, but my HDX was designed for movies and it was really good at it. But that said, 95% of what I do on my tablet is reading book and browsing the web, so this one just works out better for me. If you want a tablet for movies, get the FireHDX 8.9. For everything else, the Tab s2 (or whatever floats your boat). Oh and this thing is pretty darned fast, no stuttering or hiccups at all (my HDX didn't have issues either) As another reviewer mentioned, I immediately got upgraded to 5.1.1 for android.
RTY9Z4U4SNBL4	4.0	MODEST Upgrade over last year's TAB S, but one of the best tablets available if you can afford it	29	38	Samsung has redesigned the Tab S for this year as the TAB S2. I chose the gold which is a very nice subtle gold that actually sometimes takes on a silver appearance in some light. After some time using it now I have upgraded my rating from 3 to 4 stars, but spec-wise it is still a modest upgrade with a slightly thinner build, a faster processor, (although they are being criticized for using the one from the Note 4 and not the newest one on the S6 and Note5), and a metal frame, although it is still plastic on the back. Starts at 32GB, (which only Best Buy carried with the Tab S), and it retains its SD card storage capability to 128GB, but it also loses the IR Blaster which allowed you to control your television, comes with LOLLIPOP 5.0 installed (but upgrades to android 5.1.1 when it installs updates). It has a smaller battery than last year's (although it does not seem to be that much of a performance issue in my usage so far) Samsung has slightly downgraded the screen's resolution from UHD Super AMOLED® display WQXGA Resolution1600 x 2560) on last year's Tab S to 2048 x 1536 on this year's model, shrunk the tablet's size from 10.5" to 9.7" (and the smaller from 8.4" to 8.0"), the camera is the same, but loses the rear flash due to a new low light sensor, and they have also made what video watchers and game enthusiasts feel is the most questionable choice of the new tablet, they have changed to a portrait 4:3 aspect ratio instead of the 16:10 (widescreen) landscape format on last year's models. Some people adore the apple-esque 4:3, as it's text looks sharper for browsing the internet and for reading books, but for those who mostly use tablets to enjoy content such as streaming videos, playing games, watching movies, TV, or YouTube and other video content, last year's TAB S models have a better screen resolution (although not all that discernable to the naked eye) than TabS2 and the widescreen aspect ratio lets you enjoy your content edge to edge without the black bezel bars or distorting the image as some games do. Samsung made some odd choices with the TAB S2, which don't really do justice to it being their premiere flagship tablet. It is more an upgrade to the TAB A series or a companion to the Note 4 than to last years Tab S or a companion to the latest Samsung phones. I just hope they eventually release a nice, higher resolution Note tablet (long overdue) after android Marshmallow is released. Until then, it is the best tablet on the market as I write this, with a caveat for those who mainly use video content, in that case the best tablet may just be last year's Galaxy TAB S! If you have the Tab S already, and are on a budget, there just may not be significant reasons to shell out $400-$500 for the new version as Android's Lollipop is also now available on the original TAB S and the Microsoft Apps that come pre-installed on the Tab S2 are available as Free Downloads from Google Play store on the original TAB S. Best yet reason if you are torn between the old and the new, and have a limited budget, the original prices on the Tab S have been slashed by about $100 new and you can often find better deals on open box or slightly used ones from reputable dealers. If you absolutely have to have the latest release, and you have the funds, or have a tablet you can trade in toward it, then by all means buy the S2- it is much better than most tablets out there, including the upcoming boring iPad releases, so don't misconstrue me when I say it is a modest upgrade, but it is a matter of opinion as to if it is all that better than last year's model, especially if you use it mainly for video and are on a tight budget.
R2ACECXUVSR2EW	5.0	Love it	5	5	I got this tablet instead of the iPad mini 4, I am so glad I did, it is amazing how thin and light it is, and the screen is amazing, it works super fast, and the screen is brighter then any other samsung tablet I have seen, I also like that it comes with 32gb of storage and take micro SD cards, so I can have all the storage I want. The camera is pretty cool, although I don't use it much, and it is awesome for reading. The finger print sensor works just as good as on the ipad, and it's thinner and lighter than the ipad, and the gold color is really pretty. I also like that you can get cases at Barnes and Noble because they are selling the galaxy tab s2 as the new nook and they always have really cute cases
RQL99FENRAJN5	5.0	Best tablet I have ever owned.	7	8	This is my 4th tablet, and by far the best. I have the Kindle fire, had the Lenovo, the trio, and 1 other (don't remember model, but think it was a Samsung) This has the best screen of them all, good but not great GPS, The Lenovo gps was better. Sound also is good but not great that also fell onto the Lenovo with dolby atmos. But it has better Bluetooth audio then the len. It has all apps that are needed for great function, not way overbloated. It has kindle app, so the few books I have on my kindle do work great with this tab. The screen is where this thing really shines, specially when using personal pics as screen saver, the others did not center correct, or was way to big, etc. even when I resized the pics in paintshop pro, to the tablets specs. This one is perfect, never need resizing even if the pic is 800x600 or 3000x2000 it fits perfect. The ultra power saving works great, it turns the tablet into the only apps that are needed to get through a day, while turning the screen black and white, to save power. You can get to 9 apps from that main screen, or you can put it into regular power saving, and just turns off gps, wifi, Bluetooth, etc. the screen dims as much as you want also has a auto dimmer, but stays with normal colors while doing so. I have used it for a month, and have only had to charge it 3 times. Can answer most questions on the tablet. It has a micro usb otg port, I use it for charging, also for using it with a usb to hold movies on, I currently have a 32gb micro usb, which is VERY secure compared to other tablets, you have to use a tool to eject a holder, kinda like a dvd drive, you load the usb drive in the holder then put it into the tablet. it can use micro usb internally with up to 128gb drives. The screen has like 5 modes, with the amoled as the best for colors, it has a blue correction screen to be easier on the eyes, b&w, lowered colors, reading mode screen, etc.
R1PK6VKXXLMPIV	5.0	Great tablet!	5	5	This is a great tablet. I have been using it for a couple weeks now. It is extremely responsive. The fingerprint scanner works 9/10 times. When it does not you simply enter in the backup password. Pros: - Fast and light - Crisp, colorful, beautiful screen - 4X3 mode is great for reading and browsing. Prefer it to the widescreen versions. Cons: - Samsung bloatware - flip, Microsoft apps, Samung apps. - Battery life is okay. Get about 6 to 8 hours. Would prefer more.
R3O5J5VWGOJJ05	5.0	Excellent Android Tablet	7	8	I am a longtime Android user, beginning with the original Droid and including the Google Nexus 7" tablet, which was great in its day but has gradually become unusably slow . I've had my current phone, a Samsung S6, for several months and love its excellent performance and beautiful screen. As a "next tablet", I was effectively seeking an 8" WiFi-only S6. Early descriptions of the Galaxy Tab S2 were disappointing, given the lower-performance SOC and lower-resolution screen compared to the S6. However, early reviews were positive on both performance and display quality, so I gave the Tab S2 a shot -- and am now happy to confirm the accuracy of those assessments. Like the S6, there is no lag, and both text and images are beautifully displayed. The Tab S2 immediately updated to Android 5.1.1, the same version the S6 is running. My applications installed quickly, and each runs crisply. Network performance is also excellent; OOKLA speed test shows 90 MBPS down and 13 MPBS up. In my view, the Galaxy Tab S2 is a winner.
R1JXFNRD7BEIMC	5.0	I highly recommend this tablet	5	5	I highly recommend this tablet. Its size is perfect and it has an amazing display & touch screen is highly responsive and smooth. No hesitation or lag. The fingerprint scanner works well once you learn how to use it.
R29IWL8C85B92I	5.0	Amazing product	4	4	I have purched thid device recently and I'm quite satisfied with it. Here are the pros and cons Pros: Great display Fast processor, snappy touch screen Easy sync Good battery life Cons: Quite slow charging speed A little bit sharp edges; wish it was more rounded Pricy
R180S5RUH6GWPG	5.0	Awesome Tablet	4	4	This is a great tablet...great build, smooth software and it's perfect to do everything you need to do for personal, bussiness or for college use. If your thinking in buying a tablet I recommend this one just because it has office por Word, PowerPoint and Excel built in and all the goodies for entertainment.
R14U8ALHZKQHUM	5.0	Best Android tablet I've used	13	17	This is the best Android tablet I've used and I've used many. This tablet is very thin and light. It is a bit of an iPad clone but it looks stylish and performance is very smooth. Battery life seems pretty good so far. The speakers are not well positioned as you can cover them with your hands in landscape mode. The addition of an SD card slot is great if you need more storage. Touchwiz is not as intrusive on this device and you can switch the launcher to anything you like (I'm using the Google Now launcher). The 4:3 aspect ratio is great for web browsing and with the big screen it doesn't take away to much when watching videos. Multitasking also works well. The screen is beautiful and you can change the color characteristics to your liking. Everything is very sharp at this resolution. I did have the previous model (Tab S) which I liked but it did have some performance glitches and overall it wasn't as polished a user experience, IMO. I think this is a better tablet. It may not be a huge improvement spec wise but I think the user experience is much better, IMO.
R3134LSHCV3Z1Q	5.0	What a great purchase!! Well done, Samsung!!	3	3	I just got one with 64 GB and it is a screamer for performance! WiFi smokes with my ASUS AC3200 router serving up all the tablet can eat...and it eats bandwidth at an astounding pace! Programs that I run are near instantaneous after starting, and I have a very large number of programs installed! Response is crisp, and for tablets, that is a wonderful change! Battery life runs at 8 hours of continuous online use...something that no one does day after day. With normal use, it runs for 15-17 hours before getting down to 20%. That is my typical minimum for plugging in. I haven't done a continuous movie run from the SD card (as in a long trip), so I don't have a baseline to report there. I suspect that it would be longer than the active wifi/screen on run that I did do, so somewhere north of 8 hours is my guess. I carry a 2A charging brick when I travel, so that is no problem for me either. The screen on this baby is nothing short of astounding...I just can't say it any other way! It is bright and beautiful indoors or out, and a real pleasure to watch. The included speakers are adequate, but any real focused use will require a headset or speakers-pretty much the industry norm. Good news is, you are able to use Bluetooth or wired...Dealer's choice! Finally, if you want a folio/keyboard for the tablet, don't pay for the OEM device. It is astoundingly high priced, and there are wonderful items for that niche at a fraction of the price (IVSO @ $27 bucks)!!
R19IUE02BK1944	5.0	I'M A HAPPY CAMPER	4	4	I LOVE SAMSUNG PRODUCTS. I HAVE THE ORGINAL TAB S, NOW THIS LITTLE BEAUTY IS MUCH LIGHTER AND VERY THIN. I LOVE IT. IT FITS GREAT INTO MY HAND BAG AND THE SCREEN IS GREAT. THE ONLY DRAW BACK I HAVE IS THAT THE TOOK THE FLASH OFF. IT STILL DESERVES A 5 STAR RATING.
R177BTR8CX8HV7	5.0	Fantastic Tablet on all accounts.	3	3	This tablet is simply awesome. It is my first tablet and for a while before buying it I was hung up on all these Internet articles saying with today's smart phones there is simply no reason to own a tablet. However as a senior in college with a nice desktop computer but a broken laptop this tablet provides me with the mobility factor that I needed. Obviously I don't use it to take notes but with the large screen it is far better for working with wolfram alpha or online math homework than a smart phone. As a plus it adds no noticeable weight to my backpack. The Internet could not have been more wrong it's not my smartphone that's replacing my tablet, it's my tablet that's replacing my smartphone. As a long time user of Google voice/hangouts I get texts and calls on the tablet anywhere I have wifi which is practically everywhere these days. Come to think about it I have no idea where my iphone is right now, haven't seen it in days but I am writing this review on my tablet. Side note a lot of reviews complain about the speakers I feel this complaint is pretty petty and written by the type of people who alays find something wrong with everything or just have unrealistic expectations on what a speaker in a mobile device should be. If your looking to play music in a group setting off this just get a Bluetooth speaker.
R2RAZSSF8ALHLU	5.0	Worth the $$$$!!	4	4	I've only ever had apple but switching to android is much better than I expected! The screen is beyond beautiful it's so clear, it's so light, ridiculously fast and exactly what I wanted. Couldn't ask for a better tablet.
R1OQSKVL6P2ZY6	5.0	Best Tab in the market!!	4	4	The Samsung galaxy tab s2 is epic, I'm a huge fan of Samsung, so far this tab has been the best for me comparing to before. I don't want to repeat what others said, except I tremendously recommend the SG Tab S2...
R19408FK8B5XHP	5.0	Love it!	3	3	Can't give it 5 stars because I don't have anything to compare it with, and I'm not very experienced technically; I finally got fed up with Windows and Microsoft, viruses, glitches,etc. This tablet does everything I need to do, faster; Android seems more intuitive, user friendly; it's like a pc set to easy mode.( My Dell laptop is great, it's the operating system I'm sick of). Plus it's Google based, and I'm a Google fan, Google care's a lot more about me than bill gates. The tablet is really thin and lightweight, much easier for travel, hooks up to hotspots almost automatically (You are in a hotspot, do you want to connect?), the case, separate, puts it to sleep when I close it. Bluetooth is equally fast and easy, I still have probs connecting with the pc. I use the Dell laptop for storage of old files(bought 128 gigs for the tablet), beyond that I am so happy I'm no longer chained to Windows! This tablet is a wonderful alternative! Battery last about 2 days depending on use. Screen/pictures/video is great! Hell, I'm giving it 5 stars!
R29HTZD71XN0Q5	4.0	Well made, lots of changes from last year , still a premium Android tablet	10	13	Yes it is 4:3, so if you hate that... don't buy it. So Samsung is copying Apple, but that does not mean they are wrong. In-fact to compete against the iPad previous Samsungs tried to do everything differently to attract customers. I guess sales indicated they were failing. I like the 4:3 and I like the 16:9, but 95% of my time is spent where 4:3 is a better configuration. If the HTC Nexus 9 was not such a piece of rubbish I would have purchased it just to move to 4:3. Good: Android 5.1.1 is immediately downloadable (phew) Super screen SD support 4:3 aspect ratio Very fast (especially compared to last years Tab S) Very nice build quality 32 gig minimum primary storage Lightweight Vastly improved fingerprint scanner compared to 2014 Tab S Bad: Limited battery life between recharges No flash No reminder LED So thin Samsung sacrificed battery power just to brag Way too thin to hold without a case (yet another tablet not designed to be held by human hands) Too expensive. Beating Apple starts with value, so if you have a premium tablet at the same price you won't beat Apple. Fingerprint reader is still not on par with the accuracy of Apple's Overall this tablet is truly excellent and I would have given it 5 stars if the battery was bigger and they did not take away the camera flash. UPDATE: after several weeks of ownership I absolutely love this tablet. It is much better than my galaxy tab s 8.4 from last year. Therefore I have upgraded from 4 stars - 5 stars
R14ATRR92FE2I1	4.0	Nice tablet. Bit pricey though.	3	3	This is a fantastic device. It is definitely the thinnest and lightest tablet I've ever handled. Battery endurance is surprisingly good. The Super AMOLED display is gorgeous. Speakers sound alright and they're plenty loud. However, for the price, I am disappointed this does not come packing Samsung's latest Exynos SoC. I don't feel like you should be charging $500 for last year's hardware. Some other concerns: The 4:3 aspect ratio may bother some folks who use tablets mainly for movie watching, but otherwise this is probably the ideal form factor for reading and web browsing. Also, considering Samsung is releasing a (rather expensive) keyboard case for this and has bundled a lot of Microsoft apps, it would be nice if this came with an active digitizer for added productivity value. Should you buy this? If you have $500 to blow, sure why not. It's a nice tablet.
R1TLNJ2RTMTEN2	5.0	Love this tablet......	3	3	Great tablet, LIGHT, fast, amazing screen.... I moved from an old XOOM 10" to the Tab S2 8.0"... Wasn't sure if the smaller screen would be an issue, but I am very happy with the size and how light weight the S2 is.... It feels lighter that my Samsung Note 4 ( is really isn't for the the overall size makes it seem so) 9.6 ozs.... easy to read for long periods with your hand not becoming tired. Battery life is very good, I have not felt tethered to my charger at all. With smart case it turns on and off when opening or closing the cover, really like that.... The most AMAZING thing is that the finger print reader actually WORKS ! 128 GB micro card give you plenty of storage space for movies and music. Camera is very crisp and easy to use.... Love this tablet......
R2O3F7QM4A2Z7M	5.0	Better than the ipad!!!	4	4	Amazing!!! Does what it says! Packaged beautifully. So glad I didn't go with the ipad!!! Customizable and just that great. I love it!!
R15TTHFPK7G56W	5.0	What it doesn't have	5	6	I love this tablet and was trying to figure out how it can sell for $400 while the smaller Galaxy Note 4 and Note 5 phone sell for $650 to $700. I realized they do this by leaving out many features that are not needed in a tablet, although some people might miss some of these features. Therefore, rather than repeating what everyone else has written about the great included features, I will list the features left out: Telephone speaker for holding to your ear Vibrator LED camera flash LED indicator NFC Quick charge 2.0 Wireless charging S pen Infrared remote Removable battery Barometer Temperature sensor Proximity sensor (to sense when you hold it to your ear) Cellular radio (in WiFi model) Lower display resolution than Galaxy Note (but still great) Lower camera resolution than Galaxy Note Since I also have a Note 4 phone with these features, I don't need the features on my tablet. I also expect that Samsung was able to make it smaller and lighter by leaving out these features. This tablet is perfect for my main uses: reading, web browsing, watching TV, playing music, and editing documents on Google Drive. By the way, I strongly suggest downloading the Google Keyboard from the Play Store to add gesture typing.
R28VX135NL57UO	4.0	So far so good. Great screen	3	3	So far so good. Great screen. I'm really more impressed with the SPEED! I bought this mainly for reading due to the 4:3 screen. I loaded a bunch of PDFs and the rendering of each past is VERY fast. Much faster than a dell venue 10 7000 with an atom processor, and even faster than a nexus 9 I had tried--all using the Moonreader. I have a samsung galaxy note 10.1 2014 edition and I'm really annoyed that they have not updated it yet-the active stylus is super useful. The tablet 9.7 A with s-pen has a low res screen....so its not a great update. So I'm torn about the tab s2--as a consumption device...it seems expensive...but so far nice to read things on it!
R39S8PBL6B091R	5.0	So thin and lite.	3	3	So thin and lite. Use it for reading, comics and movies (movies have bars at top/bottom). Have a kindle paper-white but got this to increase letter size and the amount of text on the screen. Very expensive but got to occasionally splurge. Originally I got the new Fire 10.1 which cost much less but hated it, returned it and bought Tab S2 with one of my kidneys. Screen size much better then the longer 16:9 format. Can root it and strip out all the Junk on it, install a custom rom. Don't put a case around it, a case weighs as much or more then the Tab S2. You bought it for thin/lite so go bare. .
R7VD6VY53ZO2A	4.0	Gorgeous Picture, Short Battery Use	5	6	The S2 is an excellent tablet. Its a perfect size, slightly smaller then an iPad 2, really thin and lightweight. The screen is gorgeous. The processing power is super quick. Clash of Clans takes about 15 seconds to load on my iPad2. It opens almost instantly on the S2. The camera works really well. Low light situations get a little grainy, but the picture is clear. Just add even a little bit of light and the image quality improves greatly. The panoramic features is very snappy, you don't have to move too slowly, the tablet will keep up with you. It is missing a slo-mo capture which would have been fun. The camera lens is placed right where I want to put my finger, so you have to pay a little more attention to how you hold the tablet. The only real negative of the device is that it seems to burn to battery much quicker then even my 5 year old iPad 2. It isn't horrible, I can go about a week of on/off usage without charging. However the iPad 2 lasted weeks. Great device for couch surfing, but maybe slightly to large to bring out on the town.
R3LBQC2TZ0DXGB	5.0	Five Stars	4	4	The best tablet in theb world. I love its quality and size. perfect for my business-related tasks.
R3KZHIEGP7I152	5.0	FANTASTIC!!	5	6	I have owned a variety of tablets over the last few years and I always gravitate to Samsung. This new Galaxy Tab S2 is the best of all. I love everything about it. I love the 8" size. The screen is brilliant and clear. It is so light and thin. I love the 4:3 aspect ratio. The sound is excellent, clear and relatively loud. It is fast and smooth. Very easy to set up and use. The battery life could be better, but it lasts a day or 2 for what I use the tablet for. I highly recommend this fantastic tablet.
R2VOB70ZP2F0GN	5.0	Five Stars	4	4	Amazing tablet, cannot find a major flaw.
R2HPNY3EB7TAC8	5.0	Love this Tablet	2	2	Love this Tablet.... Samsung has done a great job with this unit. Same price as the new Ipad but has more RAM (3gb vrs 2gb)..more internal storage (32gb vrs 16gb) also has a micro sd card slot to increase up to an additional 128gb. PRO's: Very fast Octa processing ( dual quad processors) I read a few reviews complaining about WI-FI connection speed. Did a speed test and recorded download speed of 125.6 mps which is the same speed as my wired desk top. Comcast is my provider. Outstanding color and graphics. Microsoft Office is preloaded. Fingerprint sensor took a little time to get working but works great. CON's Does not ship with a user manual but a very good PDF manual is available and can be downloaded to a computer. One of the major reasons I like this tablet is the microSD card slot. I was hoping to be able to easily switch cards with different data, but changing the card is more difficult than I expected. To open the door to insert the SD card an included special tool is need. This is a tiny tool that has to be inserted into a small hole in the face of the drawer and is extremely fragile. I'm surprised that Samsung designed a great Tablet yet couldn't come up with a better way to open and close the SD card drawer. I hope that they are available because I can see this easily breaking or being lost.
R5X5GCWHWKC93	5.0	Best Tablet I've used.	3	3	I bought this tablet because my oldest tablet broke. This is an amazing tablet. The build quality is good, screen has a good pixel density, the fingerprint scanner is accurate and it has and amazing battery life.
R1XO4X1ABZUUNR	5.0	Pleasant surprise...	2	2	Purchased this to replace a three year old Nexus 10. The Nexus was great and still going strong, but thought I'd trade it in before the battery gave out and I could still get something for it. I am more than pleased with this Samsung S2 9.7. I use my tablet mostly for reading news and history magazines. The 4:3 ratio for this is so much better for this than the 16.10 of the Nexus. The colors on this tablet are stunning. It seems responsive and fast. Camera is mediocre but OK for a tablet. Had a few problems with the fingerprint lock and had to take several readings with new programming. Seems to work fine with index fingers but I had problems with thumb readings, but maybe it's just my old body. Battery life was better than expected and much better than the Nexus, even with it's 30% bigger battery, even when it was new. When I read reviews after I ordered it they gave me pause. Reviews were all over the place for this tablet, from as little as five hours of use to the I pad air 2 territory of 10 hours plus. My experience is much closer to the 10 hours with my preferred 30% screen brightness and a black background
R3RQ4VTMPNFM77	5.0	Awesome! GET IT! You will not regret it	2	2	I don't often revw stuff (too lazy), but have to with this one. I keep reading reviews on this tablet criticizing Samsung for it overall (same as original, just new packaging etc)...but honestly, I DO NOT feel that is justified at all. Just PICK THIS THING UP! It's STUPID THIN...love it. Bought it onsite when I checked it out in store and selling my surface 3 and 2013 nexus 7 to pay for it as it more than adequately replaces both of those for my needs (productivity=surface, reading / surfing=nexus 7). As for speed/capability, I have yet to experience any lag. Will it be great for gaming? No clue, I don't game on mobile devices, so maybe that's what I'm missing...but for productivity, reading etc this is an absolute joy to use...the build quality is very good and oh, did I mention how incredibly impossibly THIN this thing is? Good job Samsung.
RH4OCVRYKZQMF	5.0	Love this New Tablet	3	3	Love this New Tablet! Great Resolution, Bright Screen (even in Daylight), Very Fast, copied all the stuff from my Samsung Phone without Issues.
R5RGEE7TDQIDC	5.0	Wonderful tablet	2	2	WOW. This tablet is crazy awesome! I've used an iPad Air 2 for a while but I really wan't like iOS. I like my iPhone but I played with a couple of android tablets at best buy and decided that was what I wanted for a tablet I use for reading comic books, books, and watching movies. I bought a Fire HD 10 recently but the screen resolution and os stability was off, stuff worked but not very well. I ordered this 9.7" model after playing with a friend's 8.0" model and it's just impressive. It's fast, no stutter, the apps work, the screen is beautiful and it's light. Even with a cover attached, it's still light. It was kind of more expensive than I would have liked but I'm using it heavily and it's just great.
R3EN45ZIWM0Y1L	5.0	I must say I love this tablet (my fourth)	4	5	I know everyone has their favorites when it comes to tablets. However, I must say I love this tablet (my fourth). The picture quality is the best I've ever seen on a tablet (yes, including ipads) and the 3 gigs of ram is great (my previous tablet had 1.5). If your in the market for a tablet and willing to send the money (high end tab) its a great tablet and unbelievably thin (Apple....watch out!!!). I purchased a case with a keyboard included ($28 dollars at Amazon) and I'm a very "happy camper". At first I was concerned about the 4.3 ratio on the display (as opposed to the 16.9 movie "layout"). But....the picture quality just sets the standard for what is on the market today!
RITRRC4Z2WUZ2	5.0	Five Stars	3	3	Really pleased with device, but this version doesn't support the Amazon app.
RLEIQLBRUP9MD	5.0	Fantastic Tablet = Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9/7"	2	2	What's not to love about this SG Tab S2! I chose the 9.7" size which is just right...can still slip in most of my handbags. Amoled screen is beautiful. It is very fast. I added a 64 GB micro SD card for any apps that can be moved there to free up device storage. Also use to store music, etc. Tab use is easy and intuitive. I highly recommend this Tablet...thin, lightweight, easy to use.
R11P2KDU3OUH4U	5.0	Another great tablet from Samsung	2	2	I recently upgraded my Galaxy Tab S 10.1 (which I loved) to the new S2. I love it. It's light, easy to hold and performance is great. I was slightly concerned that the screen wouldn't be as nice as my original Tab S, but after using it for over a week now, I have nothing but praise for the screen. Samsung still makes the best displays out there and the S2 is no exception. Love this thing.
R3Q5NRJ08IYT3L	5.0	tab s2	4	5	Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Like this tablet so much more than the previous one I had. The options are numerous. Even Microsoft products work, not full versions but for what I use them for it's great. Got other accessories to protect the tablet from breakage and for carrying easier. Display is adjustable, ebooks are easy to read, all my old apps work on this tablet. I'd recommend this, and I have to others in the market for a new tablet. Has options for SD card, headphones and a mouse.
R2ERPZ5RGHIBA2	4.0	Almost perfect...	6	8	I am loving the new Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 inch tablet. It's fast, smooth and seems to run everything just fine. Wish it had a flash for the camera, though... Go with a MoKo case if you're looking for one. I have this one and love it: Tab S2 9.7 Case - MoKo Slim-Fit Multi-angle Folio Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 (SM-T815) Android 5.0 2015 Version, BLACK
R2YFLEWP9LAPR3	4.0	An expensive beauty	3	4	This is a review of the Wi-Fi only Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 in the 9.7" format. An 8" version is available that costs about $100 less. I received the S2 at no charge in exchange for writing an honest review of it. I'm not going to rehash the dazzling tech features as others have done that better than I ever could. This is a take mostly about the value proposition. I've been using tablets for a while as entertainment devices going back to the introduction of the Barnes and Noble Nook Color about five years ago, which I rooted immediately after purchase and used as a generic Android tablet. For the past couple of years I've been happy with my much slimmer and lighter LG G Pad 8.3" tablet. The Samsung S2 is ridiculously slim and light with a gorgeous screen and bottomless (for my purposes) memory expansion via a 128GB microSD slot. Installation/setup was a breeze as I already had a Google account with my LG tablet backed up to it...I just selected the apps I wanted to bring overfrom the LG to the Samsung and off it went. If this were just about the tablet I'd state my preference for the 8" form factor, say "five stars!" and quit here. But as these things have proliferated there's more to it than that. As mentioned, I use tablets as entertainment devices and I don't think I'm unusual in that. Web surfing, music/video streaming, playing locally-stored audio and video files, email, reading apps, games...general end-user stuff. Tablets have gotten very good at such things, so good in fact that I've started to wonder why one would spend so much money on the latest and greatest. Example: the first thing I did when I ordered this beautifully thin and light S2 was to order a faux leather case with a Bluetooth keyboard for it, easily doubling the weight and tripling the thickness. If you plan to accessorize your tablet, how much of a premium is thin & light worth to you given that you're going to pay even more to add thickness & weight as soon as you get your hands on it? Another consideration is depreciation. Consumer electronics seem to depreciate even faster than cars. If you're shopping for a tablet, can you justify the cost of the latest smokin' hot tech vs. the bargains you can find on what was just as hot - and still works just as well - as a year ago? I just looked on Craigslist and even in my small metro area there are hundreds of hits for "android tablet" in the for sale listings. There's a lot of very nice used hardware out there for the picking and choosing, and for cheap. Is the Samsung S2 a great tablet? Absolutely! Would I spend $500 to have one? Probably not. I'll enjoy using it in some scenarios, but will probably continue to use my 8" LG tablet while traveling as it fits those dinky little seat back tray tables better whilst I get to work on my snack and beverage. Yes, the visuals are bigger and better on the S2 but the point is that they are plenty good enough on the ~2 yr old LG. And if I lose it in the airport, it's no big deal. I can pick up another one, or the rough equivalent, for next to nothing. I hate to give less than 5 stars to something as beautifully executed as this, and I won't argue with someone who says it's unfair to mix the used toy market into the equation. But the quality and capability of these appliances (there, I said it!) has gotten incredibly good such that the former "wow, check THAT out!" impact of the latest model is giving way to "oh look, a tablet. Is that new?" I argued with myself over 3 vs. 4 stars and settled on 4 ("I like it") but a 3 ("it's OK") is just as accurate from my POV.
RC19SWX4JCIE8	5.0	Impressive	2	2	This tablet is amazing. It runs smooth and fast. The screen/display is beautiful. If you love to play games, this tab is perfect because it will run any app without a problem. I am impressed.
R2NZHMK851PTI6	5.0	Superior screen for the win	2	2	I cross-shopped this and various iPads. The Galaxy screen is FAR superior. I also like the Galaxy form factor more, and cases that can snap into the back to keep the form factor so thin.
R14SCJJ4YU39R	5.0	Love this tablet	2	2	Love this tablet. This is the second one I have and the screen is very sharp, and faster than my Samsung Tab 3. I love Samsung products, they sync with my new Note 5 smartphone.
R2GCRLAXJBK4PN	5.0	Amazing device, very light and durable.	2	2	Amazing device, very light and durable, battery time is decent. Use it for reading books, watching videos, Netflix, you name it. Couldn't be happier about it!
R1TN3P0WM3J4TL	5.0	Great Tablet	2	2	Very lightweight- super fast and the battery life is good as well. I'm really happy with my purchase.
R2O5DW4UHT6WOG	5.0	Amazing tablet. Had for a week now and it's ...	2	2	Amazing tablet. Had for a week now and it's really good. I love how fast it is and lot more responsive!!
R1FRTYLBBI9VF5	4.0	6-7 on screen time is fine for me	1	1	I bought this a couple of days ago with 4G LTE and official case/keyboard. Price is steep, of course. I paid 750 EUR. Everyone is talking about small battery, but compared to ultrabooks, 6-7 on screen time is fine for me. Tablet is very slim and lightweight. Samsung case/keyboard adds additional weight, but total package weight is only 935 grams. Keyboard is great and has touchpad. I went to settings to faster pointer speed and everything is perfect. I connect to my PC via remote access, if I need something big. Otherwise I can do many things on tablet itself with good keyboard. I will buy Samsung Action Mouse for additional convenience. Good tablet, good case/keyboard. Love it.
R1US2B5WGFJYR7	5.0	samsung still makes the BEST Android tablets.	2	2	The best Android 5.0 tablet out there.no difference between the 9.7 and 8 inch model just screen size.
RSHSYNVG648WE	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	The perfect size Pad for my use. Connecting to wireless on the 5ghz band was an unexpected plus.
R1GBIJ4U68CK4X	5.0	A fine choice in a tablet	2	2	This is a superior tablet in every way. Fast, colorful, thin, light, luxurious to hold.
R2NK6UTO54DJSI	5.0	Excellent choice!!!	11	16	This is my first foray into the Samsung line the S2 is lightening fast and easy to set up. It synced with my Galaxy S5 phone easily and was up an running in my network in no time. There was a quality feel to the unit and despite the horror stories I had heard that is felt "toyish". The light and easy way this tablet was to hold will help when I make presentations and need to refer to notes. While tablet camera will never take the place of my DSLR it was a nice addition to photo ready devices. No need for a flash the camera was updated from the S and is more light sensitive. The IR was not available on this model, however, I connect my S5 Galaxy using "SideSync" and was able to use the TV remote from my S2 Tablet. The information from my old iPad was easy to transfer and the format on the S2 is very familiar so the environment was easy to navigate. I have been downloading applications and will load approx 10,000 photos on the sd card to take with me when I travel.
R2DXEEIAL8626V	5.0	What a display.	3	4	My old KIndle HDX developed a hardware issue. Went to the local big box store to look at what was available for a replacement. The screen on this S2 was far and away the best of the 4-5 I tried. That made the decision easy for me. I travel extensively and read a lot on the road. This display is so sharp and clear. Certainly worth the extra money vs. the new Kindle. The battery life is great. The only negative comment I have is about the length of the charging cable. I wish it was a foot longer.
R3T8T3IKRS6GPI	5.0	This is a great tablet I like how smooth it runs	1	1	This is a great tablet I like how smooth it runs.no lag issues alot of the apps I use run so smooth on this beautiful tablet. It is great for game play or any other purpose. The screen is bright and vibrant. The octa core is very handy in keeping this device running smoothly, I am happy you can expand your memory with an SD card. I use this daily. Ice used many samsung tablets in the past this is definitely a huge step up.
RGUEI6AY8NF1K	5.0	Best tablet I've used!	1	1	Very fast, beautiful screen! I think the 8" is perfect for reading. Very portable and lightweight. I read my newspaper online with it every day. Android operating system is awesome. Fingerprint reader is really good, very fast. Sometimes it takes a couple of tries, but that's not hard. I had to go get a new phone because I'm addicted to the speed and efficiency of the fingerprint reader!
R190NFCM1TPZEY	4.0	lighter and I like the 4	3	4	Im a previous owner of the samsung tab S, One of the reason I upgraded is because 16GB is just not enough, and you can't move everything to the the mirco sd card. New S2 is faster, lighter and I like the 4:3 aspect ratio. 8.0" is perfect for traveling. Couple drawbacks, the screen has less PPI, smaller battery, and the speaker sounds alittle hollow, no wireless charging and no IR blaster.
R2X2I1U1MSFZVU	5.0	Absolutely love my tablet!	1	1	I have been using Samsung products forever. I recently purchased the S6 Edge phone and this tablet works in the same manner. I love the fingerprint option...makes it so much easier to get to your apps quicker. The screen is so crisp and the camera is fantastic! I am a walker, so with this tablet being lightweight, works perfectly! I love this tablet!
RM013BU1SSN95	5.0	I love the design and I love the device itself	3	4	I have done alot of research on this product in the last few months, even before it was released. I love the design and I love the device itself. Its quick, and it looks very good. Worth the money if you ask me! Pros: Great design Different colors Different sizes Fast shipping does everything I need it to do Cons: None as of yet
RA031664AS0UO	5.0	Samsung S2	3	4	The S2 is my very first Tablet. Since my cell is an Android I purchased an Android Tablet. Loving it. Still learning all ofi its abilities. It was Cool to see how the information from my cell sync right to my Tablet. The S2 is nice-looking, very thin, sleek and light weight.It also syncs to my Samsung flat screen AWESOME!!! Love the Droid!!!
RD8FL19158XP4	5.0	Wow!	1	1	Wow. Still getting used to the different controls, but I love this tablet. Google even connected to my old tablet and asked which apps, books & music I wanted to transfer, then did it in minutes. Painless. Fabulous screen and resolution.
R1S08IA0WFP0VL	5.0	Go ahead... Purchase it	2	2	Very satisfied with my Tab S2 9.7
R3KPWOHFLQWQC7	5.0	Love this Samsung	3	4	Love this tablet it's been perfect for what I need it for. Plus it keeps my daughter entertained. We were planning on getting the 9.7 but liked the feel in the hand of this one better. Plus It's super fast and great picture quality.
R3D4Q25MQ22ZQD	5.0	When I used the Internet recommended procedure, I was prompted by Samsung in the ...	2	3	Outstanding product that will take me awhile to maximize all of the new features available with android version 5. I did find that the instructions available on the Internet for App transfer from my older Asus tablet to the SAMSUNG S2 were not sufficient. I didn't use the new "tap and go" feature available with Android 5 as the Internet instructions suggested to simply use the Google backed up Apps/data and select the Apps desired for transfer. When I used the Internet recommended procedure, I was prompted by Samsung in the middle of the process to download one of their Apps and then proceed. Didn't know how to interrupt the google transfer feature to accomplish this. As a result, about the only Apps transferred were my email contacts and my Gmail accounts. My Yahoo email folders were transfered, but no messages from the Yahoo folders. Sure wish someone, probably google, would write some good and simple transfer instructions. Information regarding android posted on the Internet is pretty much written by android geeks for android geeks. Even at my age, I am pretty knowledgeable regarding software, but certainly not in the geek category. The good news is that I am retired and have the time to figure other ways to get most of the needed data transferred from my older tablet. Realize that the transfer issue is not Amazon's problem, but sort of hoping that Amazon might pass my comments to Google.
R3LWYJ2PK0DTR3	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Excellent piece of equipment.
R3FRRWYBNSSGE3	5.0	Five Stars	2	2	Excellent tablet all around.
R3QTRV34KXDSZW	5.0	Great Android device	1	1	Left my Kindle Fire HDX on an airplane...bought this after the release of the new Kindle Fires which I found disappointing. This device is very thin, light, and has a great display
RYML34E20S585	5.0	The BEST of the BEST!!!	1	1	Everything I hope for in a mini tablet. High quality look and feel with the screen being the best I've ever seen! Very responsive and fast! Great job blowing away the competition Samsung!
R303G1PHA323O	5.0	Beautiful	1	1	Everything you expect from Samsung! Beautiful screen, feels substantial, which is good in my family as we have broken far too many phones and tablets. My wife is very happy with the tab
RG21S5QT6GYZM	4.0	Once updated and rebooted everything was fine, but I do believe Amazon has an inventory ...	2	3	This device did not ship with Android 5.1.1, so Amazon's stock of these devices is quite old. As a result Google Play Services crashed during OOBE (not a pleasant or expected experience). I was forced to skip most of OOBE to get into the device to allow it to update. Once updated and rebooted everything was fine, but I do believe Amazon has an inventory issue. Overall a nice tablet. It is a nice size for most tasks, but I wouldn't suggest it for movies (In time I might be tempted to get the 9.7" version as a stay-at-home supplement for that task due to how light and thin these devices are). I like that it is not very heavy or very thick. It is comfortable to hold for hours. Battery performance is pretty decent, although it isn't as efficient when left unattended as my older Galaxy Tab 4. There are a lot of built-in apps which are useless (Samsung+, Galaxy Apps, etc), but they are easy to disable and move out of the way. There is less third-party bloatware than is found on the older Galaxy Tab models. I personally don't like Samsung's keyboard design for this particular model, but that was an easy enough fix by downloading the Google Keyboard (which is what most of my Android devices end up using anyway).
R1BEO1XVQB8E9I	5.0	Love my new tablet	1	1	Love my new tablet. I have been using Samsung for about a decade now. I had been using the 7 inch note before this. The jump to 3G of ram was noticable, the screen looks amazing.
R3GWJZ1SBU5WU3	5.0	Beautiful picture, very thin and lightweight	1	1	Beautiful picture, very thin and lightweight. I have a Samsung phone, when I signed in to my account it downloaded all my apps that were on the phone. Made the setup easy.
R165EL9HSZ8E30	5.0	Awesome tablet!	3	4	Excellent device!!! You will have no problems with this tablet. It is the newest thing out and expensive, but well worth it. Great for anything you want it to do!
R8ZAYIWAYP6MJ	5.0	Love how lightweight this tablet is	3	4	Love how lightweight this tablet is. Resolution is awesome with AMOLED screen. Offers multi-user sign-in, Side Sync with my Galaxy S6. Great tablet!
R2LHK02EJILHXZ	5.0	Great all around tablet	1	1	Tablet sold me on Samsung Android devices. My last Samsung was a galaxy s II several years ago. This thing is fast and the screen is amazing.
R3LZHFVUWJ12H1	4.0	Wonderful display, Good Build Quality, Minimal Lag	2	3	I bought this to bring to the office with me, mostly to watch movies at lunch. My main tablet (at home) is an iPad Air 2. This is a snappy little tablet with a really wonderful display. The included software is bloat-free and unobtrusive. The build quality is excellent, compared to the sea of plastic that marks just about every other Android offering. Everything performs smoothly, with very few moments of lag. ...except web browsing, which is a slow and stuttering mess, compared to the quick and fluid iPad. Both the included Chrome browser and downloaded Dolphin browser had the same issues. I'm not sure what's going on with the Android OS that it needs so many processor cores and RAM to perform standard functions. Looking at just the specs, this tablet should absolutely crush an iPad. In reality, it's slower. But, for the price,features and it's intended purpose (for me), it's the best Android currently has to offer.
R2OJGFJCXAO13H	5.0	No problems at all. Fast and efficient, does ...	1	1	No problems at all. Fast and efficient, does everything I need it to. It is quick and slim and not too big or small for me.
R36F1224T3K5K9	5.0	Amazing tablet! Very light	1	1	Amazing tablet! Very light, the screen is clear and it is the fastest tablet I have ever used. It surely worth the $400.
R2FUIAS0P2LHXF	5.0	perfect quality! thanks samsung electronics	1	1	quite pricey but you can actually get what you paid for.. perfect quality! thanks samsung electronics! great tablet!
REQI29FV9ZGLC	5.0	Beautiful tablet	1	1	Works like a charm. Beautiful screen resolution and color. Still learning all the things it can do. Very pleased
R2V2XYFL264SOG	5.0	Light and Powerful	0	0	I got this as an upgrade from the Tab 4. Amazing upgrade. This tablet is packed with features, and is extremely thin and light compared to the Tab 4. The Tab 4 now feels very heavy compared to this. The Display is crisp and amazing. The speed is very fast so far. It has Samsung's take on Android 5.0 Lollipop. There might be a bit too much bloatware, which will need to be deleted in the future most likely. The speakers are also great. They sound very nice. The fingerprint scanner is working constantly, and fluently as well. The camera is pretty good by tablet standards. Way too much noise in a low light environment, though. Overall, I would definitely recommend this tablet for anyone who wants a nice android experience, light weight, and performance.
R1DOSDVJ827WGR	5.0	Love it	1	1	I am in love with this tab so far great for using it for work. Still trying to figure out all the perks
RXEL7D61P9OG7	3.0	Stay with Tab S if you have it	23	35	This was (for a week) my third tablet. I used to have iPad, but switched to Tab S 8.4 since I like Samsung form factor better than iPad - better for both watching movies and reading papers. I like the original Tab S, thin and nice, but 16GB of memory was too little - so I decided to upgrade to the next version of Tab S - Tab S2. I have not realized that with Tab S2 Samsung reduced the number of pixels on the screen and change form factor to the same as iPad. Despite of S2 being much newer and more expensive, I see no benefit in upgrading. I miss lost pixels, it is not long enough for both papers and movies (yes, these 0.4 inches apparently count). Also it lasts less than my older model. So, I lost in all aspects when "upgrading" except memory. So, returned it and added 64GB card to my older Tab S 8.4. I will wait for Samsung's next model - either newer hi-res tab in the old form factor, not iPad, or a new 8 inch Note pad (there were no 8 inch tablet with stylus since 2013..). Overall, it looks like Samsung is loosing against Apple - it comes with new models slower, changes are minor, and instead of leading, it started copying Apple design. But I am ready to wait. Summary: If you have very old Samsung tab (2013 or earlier) this is a good update, light and thing, you will enjoy it. If you have pro or S from 2014 (also light and thin), it is not worth it, wait for next model or consider cheaper competitors.
RKBQC7PJETNZT	5.0	Great Tablet	2	2	Great tablet
R2OM7NSF2251FW	5.0	Beautiful tablet	1	1	Nice size to watch movies, play games, and search the web. It's a great tablet! ,
R3IOIJOV34Z2E0	4.0	Great tablet, but	0	0	I have a Galaxy Tab S 10,5 that is awesome. I was going to get one for my wife's birthday /Christmas present, but the Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 has replaced it. Bought her the S2. Overall the S2 is a much better tablet than the S 10.5. More memory, later version of Android, etc. However, it has the same problem that the 10.5 had. The S2 is not supported by the Amazon Video App. Amazon Video App. Since they added the S 10.5, I would think adding the S2 would be a trivial task. Netflix works fine. Get on the ball, Amazon. Watching streaming video with that super amoled screen is one of the Galaxy S series tablets' best features.
R2KKS6503991F6	5.0	Five Stars	3	4	Great tablet. This tablet is the slimmest and fastest I've ever used!
R1ALVPY897JZ6P	5.0	Amazing...Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0	0	0	This Samsung Galaxy Tablet is amazing. I had a Samsung tab 3, so with quick connect I was able to transfer everything to my new tablet. This is so fast and beautiful! I love the size, 8" ..especially for reading. I take my tablet everywhere, I'm glad it's lightweight. I had trouble with the fingerprint, but I did put a password in, in case it didn't work, so glad I did. I think it was my fault and didn't do something right. Maybe someday I'll try again, but I like the swipe. This was a very good investment! So worth the money, and of course Amazon had the best price!
RWIZJF3C9DJB8	5.0	very pleased that I "upgraded"	1	1	Replaced my original Samsung tablet....very pleased that I "upgraded"
ROS8Y2XN1BDL9	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Excellent tablet really fast, easy to use. Offers fine quality from samsung.
R2KDR1IILQZQ36	5.0	Great Tablet	1	1	Great tablet. Boots up fast. Easy to use. Battery needs to last longer.
R2PM6Z3NGE5W8X	5.0	Samsung Galaxy tab s 2	1	1	I love this tablet and think it is one of the best on the market.
R1QGOXQ9KI3BLP	5.0	State of the art tablet	1	1	Impressive screen. Best ever. Fast, nice. Only missed headphones
RRXF49RU2Z9EW	5.0	Stop searching. This is the perfect tablet!	2	3	I replaced a several year old Kindle Fire HDX 7" with this, and I couldn't be happier. Performance is fantastic (even with 5.1.1), the thing is ridiculously light and thin, it has the most amazing screen I've ever seen (everybody comments on it), material quality is terrific (especially the back), and it's the perfect size and form factor for taking on the go as well as using it at home.
R3VOD8JN1JXD1J	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I love the Samsung phone and this is a great companion for it.
RKC6T14T3RKZE	5.0	easy to carry around	1	1	Lighter and faster than my HP Touchpad. easy to carry around.
R1K5CC7JG4UV18	5.0	Yeah Baby !!!!	1	1	Awsome android tablet.Nothing bad to say at all !!!
R1E3KJQMH750UK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	We love the quality and great service we received.
R1RXNCJ9KLNHCE	5.0	Very good!	0	0	Great job Samsung ! This pad is fast and smooth. I would guess that the screen on this is about as good as you make it for the human eye. Pretty much every just pops when you request it to load. Very happy with it. I have had four other tablets and I didn't think I would very see one this smooth.
R1HRT62KLRKXDW	5.0	Best one yet.	2	3	This is my 5th Samsung for my own use and this certainly seems to be the best.The screen has great clarity and processor is fast. Like it a lot. I do like the larger screen size on my other tabs but the picture on this is superior.
R1IRZYLHHF2PCK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	exactly as described and working well
R32E6Z8EOHXPPD	5.0	beautiful screen.	1	1	Fast and powerful, beautiful screen.
R30D1J8J3HS2WH	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very happy exceeded all expectations
RAWLSWN0I7S20	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Got it for my dad. He loves it it!
R1PXOXP12XGSZB	5.0	Samsung Galxay Tab S2 10"	2	3	This is so much lighter,thinner than my older Galaxy tab. I love it. It doesn't have a stylus pen, but then, I rarely use the pen on my older tab. Very easy to use and so convenient. Love it.
R3995YEPDRQQDF	5.0	Galaxy S2	1	1	Plenty fast with a great screen.
R3LGPI8QIAEAHG	5.0	Love it	1	1	I use it for work everyday
R36I32UUDS9UWL	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	very good, I very like it!
R1EMVQDIIJGKA4	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	My first tablet. Bright.
R1JWF943CGKUTJ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Es una excelente tableta
RBXPF8AK1I7MD	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Better than I spected
R1MCKXLOIQXSRO	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Exceeds expectation!
R3JNI5CQY9M756	5.0	Like the display brightness controls	2	3	Fast and consistent. Like the display brightness controls. LIght. Fits in several handbags for easy carry along.
R13UMNZKXR5QWZ	5.0	I'm very pleased with this tablet and I'm not easy to please	0	0	I'm very pleased with this tablet and I'm not easy to please. Can't think of anything negative to say. It's fast and the screen is, of course, gorgeous.
R2CXC0T70W18FN	5.0	Great product	2	3	I love my new tablet. It's thin and fast. I just wish there was an otterbox case to protect my investment.
R2VQ164CNJPKXA	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Love it. Buy one!
R2GJ0VC0S7MFDE	5.0	Nice size and with my Samsung 5 phone it is perfect. Not much new to learn on it, love it	1	1	Love this tablet.
R3OM6WOABOFDQ6	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	So far it is a great product, even came loaded with Microsoft programs.
R39KGRL6IU7BX0	4.0	Great hardware, mediocre proprietary apps...	1	2	Everything works as advertised and the screen resolution is really nice. Just wish Samsung would give up on their proprietary apps. All the pre-loaded ones were no better than open market apps and in some cases not so good. I guess if I hadn't a clue what to use for basic functions on a tablet the Samsung apps would be useful but that isn't the case. And as long as I'm on the soap box, why can't manufacturers/ISP's give up trying to force you to keep their apps on your device, taking up storage and memory? If I don't like it just let me delete it...!
R3LMQ9RB0GEAKE	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	This is a great product and delivery and description were excellent.
R1H3ZUXO1WKRMQ	4.0	Light Weight and Loving it....!!!	0	0	Very smooth operating. Fast and light weight. Received 100 Gb storage for a year from Onedrive.
R33PCJJFYK74EW	2.0	Wonderful tablet but with two issues: Lack of accessories and a Design Defective Motherboard Samsung won't be fixing (per suppor	4	7	I bought the 64GB version (exclusively (it seems) at Best Buy) and also the cover / keyboard accessory. I love this tablet. It is everything I want from a tablet, except for two issues. 1) Lack of officially acknowledged accessories. According to Samsung the only accessories are a cover and a cover / keyboard (Bluetooth). When contacted Samsung can't tell you about a travel or second charger, external speakers, headphones, external batteries, etc. In fact, support recommends against getting certain accessories, such as a travel/second charger, external battery, HMDI adapter, and told me the tablet only supports wired speakers / headphones. I found, though, my HTC Bluetooth headset works fine and the unit works with 5V 2A chargers and external batteries just fine. Why Samsung isn't listing any of their existing accessories that work with the unit is beyond me. While I can route my HTC EVO 4G's sound using Bluetooth to my Windows 10 system, I can't do the same with this tablet. The tablet sees the Windows 10 system, but won't connect the media sound to it. (I can transfer files, but nothing more. Support hasn't been helpful.) On accessory side note: I found in Australia and Singapore, Samsung lists a multimedia dock for the Tab S2. Cool! I can't find the same in the USA, though. Its been popular enough in those two countries they sold out of the dock. Why deny the same to customers in the USA? I'd love to have USB 3.0 ports, an HDMI port, and even an Ethernet connector. Use it at home on a 30" 2560x1600 monitor / 4K TV or take it on the go - what a deal! 2) The reason, though, I'm only giving the unit two stars is because of the design defective on the motherboard Samsung support says Samsung won't be fixing. Regardless of type of 9.7" unit you get (carrier based, WIFI, color, 32GB, or 64GB) if you get the keyboard / cover (model number: EJ-FT810UBEGUJ for the black version), when you flip the cover and keyboard behind the tablet, it turns off and won't turn back on until you remove the keyboard. At $150 for the keyboard and $600 (64GB version), one would hope Samsung did testing on the unit. Yet, testing the keyboard / cover folded behind the unit looks to be more than Samsung could do for consumers. According to the 3rd level USA support tier (supports carrier based, WIFI, and accessories, tablets & phones, at this level), the issue is with a magnetic switch on the motherboard. The switch can't tell the difference between the cover and keyboard being on the top (against the screen) or behind (with the rear camera). They don't plan on addressing it with a revision to the motherboard and consumers must live with the issue. (To be clear I'm not addressing the cover by itself, but the cover and keyboard combination. I was also able to (under a Samsung employee supervision) reproduce the problem after a factory reset, at the initial Welcome screen with both the cover/keyboard and a refrigerator magnetic.) What I don't understand is why Samsung doesn't address this with a software fix? While I can think of two solutions the KISS one is to offer a setting to the consumer in the Accessories section (which already has a setting for cover). This new setting would move the cover determination from the magnetic switch to the light sensor. While the light sensor may have issues in low light situations, this improvement would give consumers relief. One solution people are using is to put the keyboard off to the side, when using the tablet with the cover folded over. While this may work for them, my concern is leaving the keyboard in a taxi, on a bus, plane, or train, in an office, or to drop it by accident and thus lose it. Holding it behind the tablet by both your hand and with magnets protects your investment from both hard and loss. (Of course, a Samsung policy to replace lost or broken keyboards for free, forever, would be great, but I don't see them doing it nor would I expect them to offer it.) Other than these two negative issues (accessories and the defective cover/keyboard sensor), this would be, well, the best tablet on the market for the general consumer! (I can't say the best for everyone only because the needs for everyone are so diverse that one tablet can't satisfy everyone from artists, to gamers, to businessmen, to Mothers, kids, etc). If you're not going to need the cover & keyboard accessory and don't mind figuring the accessories out for yourself, this is the tablet to buy -- hands down! As for 32GB versus 64GB, I find storage is like closet space. You can never have enough of it! After using my Samsung Galaxy S III 32GB for close to 3 years, it is close to full. I simply hated the idea of moving my data from my old S III to my net tablet and already be out of space. The 64 GB with a 128 GB micro SD card will give me years of growth and the opportunity to use this tablet more than I use my phone. What I would LOVE to see Samsung (or others offer) is a tablet phone. A 9.7, 10, or 12 inch cellphone tablet. I already try to use my cellphone hands free, as I don't like the heat against my face, wonder about the RF radiation, and also like using the phone during the conversation. Tablets and cellular should be more than just data. It should also be minutes, too.
R1MM5YXFLDEEJJ	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Really good
R38LPGIZ8X3DYK	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Outstanding
R29JU06AB41V60	5.0	Love love	2	3	An absolutely gorgeous piece of technology. Love love love
R5NFWAH3QAW4Y	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Beautiful
RX96XLFE4FRLD	5.0	Five Stars	2	3	Very good product and delivery service
R3UZK0C5562CNA	5.0	Ignore 1 star reviews	3	5	Sorry lifsavr, but if you learn to use Google and just look up the specs yourself you would see the Amazon description just misses some letters, it is a/b/g/n/ac Plus Bluetooth
R3C9V4OMKPXWQG	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Amazing
RHW5PA1E30RED	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Really A Great Thing To Have..........
R1Z7QVQYA6D77X	5.0	GALAXY tab S2	1	2	I love this tablet! The clarity of the graphics is awesome!
R3NM8DVM0B077N	5.0	Awesome tablet	1	2	Still learning all about it, but love it. So light weight.
R3UT2XX5M3W2ZL	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	light a fast
R2UR2JO2VLOOHA	5.0	Great tablet!	1	2	Nice, fast tablet. It was a gift and they love it.
R3F7IYNWVPURLH	1.0	Not what i expected. Retuned it and got a 32GB Tab S	8	14	My advice to all of you. Go buy the Galaxy Tab S 32GB and you will be SO HAPPY !!! Its now $399 which is a steal. I ended up returning mine back and upgrading to a 32GB Tab S (I had the 16GB). Why ? Because : 1. The 9.7 " format is just not suitable for videos, Movies and Pictures. The Tab S has a 10.5" screen. that's almost a whole inch ! Why did Samsung change this ? 2. The Octo core on the S2 sounds great but still suffers the same stuttering as the S. In fact, on side by side comparisons the 32GB S blew the S2 away. Not sure if this is SW optimization issues or what. 3. Battery life on the S2 is slightly less than the S. I think its the Oct proc. that is chewing it up. Very disappointed in the S2 as I really really wanted this one. My 10.5" Tab S (16GB) has worked OK but I am now happier with 32GB version.
R3QYPQA9HKUQ3M	5.0	Great Tablet!	1	2	I love this tablet! It us very user friendly!
RBSOE3GLUZ4HC	5.0	A gift for my son. He has been enjoying ...	1	2	A gift for my son. He has been enjoying it.
R15PIKUC4DQBH8	4.0	I love this tablet	0	1	I love this tablet! The only thing wrong with it is that because it is so slim, the screen cracked within 2 weeks of owning it, and I'm VERY careful with my electronics (especially ones that cost $500!!). I am going to have to get it fixed because it is annoying, but it's hardly noticeable to most people. Still, I highly recommend this tablet!
RSCO74CQSDWQ5	4.0	Like the camera, and everything else is working nicely- still finding nice surprises	0	1	I like it very much, still learning all it's functions. User friendly and the camera functions are a fit for what I am using them for. I teach horse handling and horseback riding and the size is great for handling in the arena and big enough to be able to easily instruct from the images recorded. And the battery life has been excellent.
R3LHE2GTINOSQU	5.0	Awesome sauce!	2	4	Absolutely stunning, impressive, and lightweight!
R12ZG9GE269HU9	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	worth to buy
R3R5YJ0WJ0OKT4	4.0	Great tablet except for the lack of fast/quick charge.	6	12	Great new tablet from S2. I initial bought the original S until I found out the new S2. I know the screen resolution isn't the good as the S but I can't tell the difference and the ratio on the original S might be great for phones but impractical for tablets. The S screen ratio made it difficult to browse webpages and use apps. I suppose they copied Apple ratio for the S2 but it was the right decision. The ratio on the original S is great if your primary use it to watch movies in landscape mode. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that it doesn't have fast/quick charge. The Note 4/5, S5/6 all have this feature and it makes no sense why Samsung didn't include this feature especially that it has a much larger battery then their cell phones. This tablet would be perfect if it had that feature. Other than that it's a great tablet with a great processor and screen.
R8P8KYMY7M1NE	3.0	Great tablet, horrible ergonomics	5	11	Oh, Samsung. You made the aspect ratio 4:3 and put the home button on the bottom, so this is clearly a tablet that's designed to be used in portrait mode, which is good for us portrait mode users. But then you make the tablet too wide for anybody that doesn't have Sasquatch hands to palm comfortably, AND you don't give us enough side bezels to grip it from the side. This means that my thumb is constantly on the screen. So the only way I can hold this thing is either to balance it on my finger tips, or flip it to landscape mode. Would it have killed you to make the side bezels a LITTLE bigger, or cut the width by about .2 inches? There's a reason why the iPad Mini is like 7.8" ....
R1OJPEE6PFBPF3	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	I love it.
R159SEREHLL9N7	3.0	Its Just Ok	0	2	Speedy tablet but the battery life is sub-par
R2E2EXW6HK7YFU	3.0	Nice construction, terrible battery life, weakened by OS	5	12	Pretty fast overall. Nice construction and it is very thin. Biggest drawback, and the reason for the three star review, is the battery life. It routinely loses 25%-35% overnight as it does nothing with the wifi off. I have to charge it daily. Came home this evening and it had drained from 81% to 19% by 6 pm. Had to spend 1-2 hours removing apps and testing, even though the biggest drain as reported in the battery usage was 'Android OS' (by a long shot). Ridiculous. In all honestly, this will be my last Android tablet. The OS is not battery friendly and never has been. It's just time to face the facts. It's clearly not a priority for Google or any of their OEMs. My Surface Pro 3 can go days between charges. The iPad I used to own would go days. Android tablets never -- NEVER -- come close to this and paying a premium price for this tablet has finally weened me off of this OS. It's a nice tablet, but it's hampered by a fundamentally flawed OS that is just not getting better.
RR5JBNRVT5W8D	4.0	Very Nice Android Tablet!	0	3	Very nice android tablet. Runs everything I throw at it and is excellent for watching video. Would give it 5 stars if the fingerprint reader worked better.
R348N0D510C4K6	3.0	It's okay, but...	1	6	This is my first tablet, and while I find it useful, there are a few things that irk me. First, there is no NFC available on it.I have a Samsung S5 phone, and expected to be able to transfer things with one touch. Forget it, it isn't there. There is no LED to indicate charging status. Is it still charging? Walk across the room and turn it on to find out. The Samsung SideSync app doesn't work with my S5. The S5 screen shows up on the tablet, but is not functional. I'm still trying to figure out how to connect with my Samsung Smart TV. Oh, I almost forgot. Inserting a memory card is a little tricky. the user manual says to "exercise care" when doing this using a special tool that came with the tablet. I did, and wound up in a 30 minute chat with Samsung, who told me to take the tablet to Best Buy to have the Samsung rep look at it. It turned out that exercising care meant use some force. If I'm missing something, I'll edit this to reflect the change in status.
R273TNUBMIK3MG	2.0	8.0" Version Does NOT Vibrate	0	4	The 8.0" version does NOT have have a vibration motor. Despite conflicting information online, this version does NOT vibrate so I have mailed back the tablet. This was a deal-breaker for me. Otherwise, the tablet appers very nice if this feature is not important to you
R1RHLNKUA3MTL8	4.0	Easy install... rough edge preventing flawless install	0	4	Easy install but one corner seems to have a rough edge and no matter what I do it won't lay down.
R2K6S4MQHXO6QS	3.0	Worried for this tablet.	4	12	I like the design and the tablet is really fast. The fingerprint is great. And i see a defect i dont if this is normal or is the hardware or software, but i can see a blue shadow under all the black color images and is annoying, is stronger if the brightness is down. When i am in facebook and i scroll down i can see that blue shadow in all the black color images and disappear if i stop. And its not just in facebook, its in all the apps. Im worried.
R4BPI7OS976LD	2.0	S2 Frustration	2	9	Understand that I believe that Samsung makes some fine products. I own a Galaxy S5 smartphone and love it, and I am sure the S2 tablet is a great tablet. However, I am 65 years old and a bit of a technophobe, and for me, my brief S2 experience was VERY frustrating and EXTREMELY disappointing. I had problems from the get go with the S2, and within 6 hours of unpacking it, I had contacted Amazon for a return.... First, I found the quick start guide to be woefully short on set up instructions, and the tablet onscreen set up was confusing and incomplete. I spent over an hour trying to set up the fingerprint security, and finally just gave up. I had BIG problems mounting the 64GB micro SD card, and eventually, the card became stuck in the slot, did not mount properly, and I couldn't get it out. Despite this, I waded on through the rest of the setup. After finishing setup, I would whole-heartedly agree with the many reviewers who complain about Samsung "BLOAT WARE!" The S2 is LOADED with bloat ware. I don't understand why Samsung persists on doing this. I'd suggest they just go with the Android stuff Google provides. Frankly, Google is WAY better at this. The final straw for me was the functioning of the Microsoft Office software that is provided. It didn't work as I understood it would and as it was advertised. I was VERY disappointed in this as I'd hoped to use the S2 to actually do some office work, too. So, after 6 hours of extreme frustration, I contacted Amazon and asked for a return of the S2 and the accessories. As always, Amazon's performance on the return request was spectacular. Amazon is truly an amazin' company. The S2, for me, not so much....
R3DJLQRMP3R88X	4.0	Question only. Please Help.	1	7	Please inform me as to how much of the internal storage is ate up with pre-installed apps? Especially apps you don't use/want!! For instance I have the 7.0 Tab 4 with 8 GB storage. However, the pre-installed junk eats up almost 4 GB. Leaving purchaser with only about 4.2 GB. So what I am asking is how much of the 32 GB is available/free for user? Thanks for any verified responses. No guesses or I thinks. Thanks again.
RPFBS199UVLUX	3.0	Samsung's the only company that knows how to downgrade. Unlike many others.	3	11	Ahead from being an owner of the older version tablet by Samsung, The Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 inches 4G. I decided to try this out, more like moving from better to worse. Lower resolution (ppi), smaller (from 10.5 to 9.7) that was a complete "NO!". The only reason why I bought the old 10.5 inch is just because of its resolution and it just blew me off whenever I first got it. After I bought it, I realized many other great features, like SO MANY! As we went through, I saw few upgrades in this 9.7 inch Tab S2, just few. Which include better CPU's, extended battery life, and a better camera.
R455BO02AM6GP	3.0	Glass is not covering the whole screen!	2	9	10-10-2015 The device is incredibly awesome. That being said mine is not. I have noticed that the glass that cover the screen is not filing the whole frame area. So I contacted amazon customer support and they replied transferring me to other guys whom are going to contact me to solve this. I will update this review after they contact me. Hopping for a replacement or I will have to return it and order a new one!
R2K61HOA9I546A	1.0	This is a pretty fundamental problem for a top-of-the-line product	4	14	The product I received had a defect browsing some Web sites with the provided Chrome browser; the display for these sites would turn white after a couple of seconds. This occurred with the out-of-the-box Chrome browser (the default), the updated version of Chrome (46.0.2490.76), and the development version of Chrome (48.0.2560.5). The problem was reliably duplicatable by going to, for example, www.google.com/news. The problem persisted through every system setting change I could reasonably come up with, and after a full system reset to factory settings. This is a pretty fundamental problem for a top-of-the-line product, so I returned it for a refund.
R27RH6R8Z8CHPN	2.0	Should Not Have Issues for $500	1	10	Decent tablet but I have issues when using the "Internet" app and going back and forth between bookmarks. I will choose one of the bookmarks and it will just sit there. Sometimes I have to select it 2 more times for it to finally go to the page. I thought my first S2 was defective but I am having the same issues with the replacement.. I never had this issue with my Samsung phone or my Tab Pro 8.4. For $500 this thing should not have any issues. Especially within the first week of use. Very frustrating.
R2N7PUC1CNG7JW	4.0	New member in the Samsung Galaxy Tab family	0	9	The Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 is a sleek, elegant tablet with a clear, crisp picture and adequate speed. It is an android device and uses the Google Play store for apps. Set up is quick and easy, same as setting up any other Android tablet. The battery is not as robust as I would like, but this is a common stumbling block for mobile technology. Fortunately there are a number of charging solutions on the market today. Samsung is a highly reputable company that has a major stake in the mobile market. Their tablets and phones are genrally highly regarded. I'd say this tablet is a good addition to their product line, if not a shining star of it. It may not be the perfect tablet, but it is a darn good one.
R2YS8Q4KY1RZJJ	3.0	No SIM	0	9	Not clearly mentioned that there is no SIM Card provision in the tablet, wee bit disappointed due to the same. Otherwise the tablet is excellent, right weight, great graphics and excellent speed.
R2P469AHF13EFE	4.0	Revised review	5	21	I try very hard to be fair when I write a review. When I first received this product from Amazon, it was defective. I firmly believe that a product should be 100% the first time you receive it, not something that requires you to call tech support or customer service. If a company cannot provide a product that has passed a strict quality control procedure, then it shouldn't be selling that product. It shouldn't be expected for the customer to have to try to fix a problem. When I received my tablet from Amazon, I was only in-country for a few days so time was critical. I was so excited because I'd done a lot of research about the Tab S2. There were negative reviews, but I just chalked them up to the usual grousing that you see on anything. I charged the tablet overnight (it only got to 99%) and was practically jumping up and down with joy when it first turned on. The picture/screen was so sharp...for the whole 5 seconds it stayed on. After that, the tablet shut itself off every 3-5 seconds. I couldn't even get through setup. After being gone for the day, I was sitting doing some work near the box where it was waiting to be sent back to Amazon. Suddenly, I heard a voice chatting away. I thought it was from the TV or the hotel room next to me. Nope. After sitting in a box the entire day, with NO contact/manipulation of any kind, the thing suddenly turned itself on. I even checked to see if maybe it had finally self-repaired and was now low on power. Nope. The Galaxy fairy must have appeared and beat it with her wand because it was fully charged and on...for the first time. It was sent back. Still, something niggled. I couldn't wait for a replacement unit from Amazon, but I had a couple of days left before I flew home. I decided to go to a local "name" electronics store and purchase one there as I would be able to return the unit if it, too, proved defective. Holy schlamoly! This one charged to the full 100%, went through setup like a dream (very user-friendly) and even downloaded my apps from my beloved ASUS tablet. The picture is so crisp. I originally bought this particular tablet because its light weight would be easy to "lug" around on bike trips (where every ounce matters). The tablet and the Finte keyboard/cover (another great buy) together weigh less than my current tablet. I'm glad I gave the Tab S2 another chance, but I would have been even happier if I could have given it the full 5 stars it probably deserves--but a really bad unit has to be taken into account. I think Samsung has a real winner on its hands, but they truly need to do a better inspection before units go out. FWIW, I didn't/haven't tried the fingerprint function because it's not that important to me. I probably will in the future, but it wasn't a make or break selling feature for me.
R234I8R8EW8S5Y	2.0	Not worth it	2	14	You have to use a paper clip to put an sdcard in it. That is stupid not to mention you have to put the card in a tray. And I don't think the picture quality for movies is that great. I gave this device to my sister and ordered a Galaxy pro 8.4 from amazon.
R1DDIMRW9HRFXQ	3.0	Be aware it doesn't support partition larger than 2TB via ...	2	14	Be aware it doesn't support partition larger than 2TB via OTG drive, and it doesn't support Unicode filename completely - file gets lost with Unicode characters.
R5ZFBB11BBPYE	1.0	I guess I got a bad model. Stay away from this model until they ...	17	49	Just got the tablet from Amazon. As soon as I started the tablet and completed the steps to start (wifi set up, fingerprint scanning, etc.) the tablet would freeze as soon as it went to the homescreen. An error message would pop up stating touchwiz is not responding. I pressed the start button to restart but nothing happened, would just go blank. Called Samsung support and the rep told me it was buggy software and to return it. I tried everything to get it to work but it would not even restart. I guess I got a bad model. Stay away from this model until they fix the problem.
R1KRXJY7XEZSDS	3.0	Not compatible to software programs and not able to place ...	0	10	Not compatible to software programs and not able to place downloads and apps on SD card as a default, and you have to manually move each app individually.
R1JKJYS9VL9OX0	4.0	Only 4 Stars Due to Delivery Issue	0	12	UPS delivery did not occur on day promised. Since I waited at home all day for delivery, I was very unappreciative of fact that tracking showed no one was home and that a slip was left at door. No slip left, three cars in driveway, and definitely home all day!! Drove to UPS center next weekend day to pick up package. Now for the Tablet: Excellent, 5 stars all the way. Am still learning all the features, but really a breeze to set up and get started. I love it and highly recommend it.
R28Z8CBJAPKI02	3.0	Too expensive for second best	3	23	Too expensive. Great tablet, but still second best behind Air 2 (I know the spec is bettter in some area, but Air 2 still better device when actual hand on. Just like I had a low end digital camera that took much better pictures than expensive high-end pixels canon). Tab S2 will not win over Air 2. I bought this tablet because I want android tablet. If I don't mind IOS and itune. Air 2 is a better tablet even for same price. A copy cat and 10% more expensive is just a bad way to do bussiness in general.
R3OB4LLMQN7113	1.0	Samsung needs to move the buttons and USB port back to the side like they used to be.	6	34	This device has been designed to be used in portrait mode. The micro USB charging port is on the bottom. It is impossible to stand this up with the micro USB charging port plugged in. Samsung needs to move the buttons and USB port back to the side like they used to be. It is too small. I want bigger, not smaller. It needs a bigger battery. I don't care how thin it is. I use a leather case to protect it so the thinness and weight do not really matter.
R24VXAHYUIGKDL	1.0	Not a big deal when seated andwatch but very inconvenient when walking around say Dublin using ...	1	36	Sigh not on my Christmas list although I'd been thinking about it. My Tab S I can just hold in one hand and the S2 has a smaller screen size (different aspect ratio) but a wider case a bit over 5.25" vs. a bit under 5". Not a big deal when seated and watching but very inconvenient when walking around say Dublin using the GPS and on board maps to navigate. Actually my Nexus 7 2013 is a nearly ideal one hand size but lacks the mini-SD slot.
R28CCU65W9JGKT	1.0	I am sorry to be such a negative person on this one, but lately Samsung has truly lost its mind!	25	149	Wireless Type 802.11abg - This is a copy of the spec listing for the Wireless protocol this tablet is capable of doing from the Amazon spec listing. I am sorry to be such a negative person on this one, but lately Samsung has truly lost its mind. I don't know who is running the company, but they keep missing the mark I feel. To me, as a computer Geek, I was looking at a possible purchase of this tablet, but then I started looking through the specs and find out they are not offering “A/C” Wi-Fi protocol, which is the latest and they aren't even offering “N”, but the fastest speed they are offering is “G”! “G” is so out of date that I can't even believe they found someone making a wireless component that had only “G”! Jun 2003, was when that protocol was released, then in 2009 the “N” protocol came into being and since then “A/C”. What is the point I am trying to make here? The reason that these newer protocols came out was that our devices need faster data throughput, so that we can watch video etc. So if you are going to do anything with this tablet then your data throughput will be limited to a 2003 Wi-Fi protocol, which is not something I want in today's world where speed is the name of the game. Also I don't want to pay $400.00! The only thing I can hope here is that someone has made a terrible mistake when they listed the specs on this tablet. Otherwise you are basically purchasing an item that was designed to work back in 2003!
R257WR9F50TGK9	1.0	Still aggravating. Finger print scanner does note work 85/100. Screen is 4:3. NOT FOR VIDEO OR GAMING. IT IS SQUARE 4:3 BT BROKE	9	97	I reread my review, off the cuff yes, , but apparently some people's reading is as poor as my spelling. Negative product reviews do not give opposing views the right to call someone a liar... actually that is quite actionable. Ok ok Disorganized, not a full review, second tablet, 1st large tab. Yes it's got speed and a wonderful display. I STILL DON'T SEE THE WORTH. It may also be defective which may get me out of this deal. If not... I'll keep poking at it. Or give it away. AND YES 8 HOURS IN BEST BUY. I KNEW IT WAS 4:3. I STILL BOUGHT IT. I OWN IT. I USED MY MONEY TO TRY IT. Anything else , The..."I'm smarter than you "people".? Real life says FAIL for the money in 》MY opion... 《 Apparently the Samsung Police will harrass you for your negative opion》for $1000.00 as far as video and gaming goes. So YES the reviewer of this product were right, I did not get over the 4:3 picture ratio an hour, a day, a week, later. Best screen out there or not, Not for video《 IN MY OPION PUTZ》 But hey not liking this tablet makes me a liars somehow. Nitwits. Love my note 4. Does that make me a liars too? Old >>>OK just got 64 GB version.《 so apparently this statement was not enough for people posting I'm a liar to look up the cost of this on Google.《 HOW anyone with that much brain damage can still post a review anywhere involving an opion is beyond me》 Finger print scanner is beyond useless. Note 4 works great. This is like Apple iPad hold still.《like an ipad 》 No, swipe doesn't work either. Only Apple works. Samsung Flagship? Old Samsung CPU! The screen is made for documents and reading not movies. Size wise. Try last year's model for movies and gaming and doc mark ups ; it has 16:9 ratio AND A PEN . or wait until February. Qualcomm is coming Back with a monster chip Snapdragon 820. This has out dated tech in it. WHY? Bottom line $ 499 +$100 64GB , tax, cover, 128 GB Micro SD, 2 year damage insurance, just under a grand. SD was $65.00 $200 insurance 2?? 3?? year?? Accidentsl damage, case $40 So NO NOT WORTH IT. after 4 hours of playing with it. Too big to game on in your hands. Too "square to feel right using video or gaming. Wish I went with the 8" maybe it would be better. At least I could have just shrugged and used it for international travel. As far as work/ productivity well maybe, have to give it a wirl. 》》NO PEN, PDF MARK UP IS GRRR. There is an app that needs refinement. But is useful if you put in the time to learn it. But... finally found an app... for Surface pro 3... 1 year later. This tablet forced me to dust the pro3 off. Good news that piece of trash note 5 has pdf markup built in. Not sure on facts, demo'd by salesman. 《 No sd, no battery, no CYANOGEN SUPPORT FOR EXYNOS PROC , NO sale. (comment for note 5)》 If you do go big.... spend the extra for the 64GB. So that is $100. Which means $599.00 plus tax. It is thin get the case and most likely insurance for the 9.7. Seems like this tablet will last for years and that will increase the likelihood of damage. Best Buy insurance was 199.99 for 2 years accidental damage. update: finger print scanner functioning a little better. Please hurry up Qualcomm i need the future today. Lol. Almost had to buy an Apple for the first time. Never! update》this is all in reviews on the web. Color me what ever for ignoring the reviews and spending hard earned money to try it for myself. Attention BOUGHT IT AT BEST BUY. OK EVERYONE (note everyone= pin heads that just need to sqwauk for attention instead of adding intelligently to the discussion ) 64 GB 9.7 SCREEN $599 @ BESTBUY. It's on the web . Really. No one said to check if i was wrongly charged for insurance or was mistaken. Really people what is wrong in your life that you do not offers help? You mother raised you to only kick people?! I checked my receipt. $199.99 for 2 years damage Best Buy. At the time I was not going to qwibble over $50.00 when it was so thin and such a large investment in the first place. Somehow my note 4 fingerprint scanner works well, baring wet thumbs. So me having real world issues with this tab s2 9.7 seems to be Samsungs tech problem wouldn't you think? Sorry didn't mean to offend ignorant opioned pinheads by asking them to actually think. Sorry. And yes I have a couple of ideas trouble shooting. But if it's not just redoing the print process then again Still very annoying. And sorry to new people reading my vicious retorts but apparently the world is full of idiots that need a good smashing. Americans proudly desplaying beligerent ignorance. You keep exercising that right; people shed blood for it. Stupid and proud of it! BOOYAH! America! Gooo stupid. (Last comments for the ones posting stupid not the rest ,people) I am so proud of my countrymen. Are you impressed with us yet world? Don't like my rebuttal then have enough brains not to reply. That ends it. Right? Love pingpong, do you?
