R2J5EZSON0CCEO	4.0	Great price, super thin, super light weight, great performance, awesome display, and GREAT PRICE.	109	112	I bought the Zenpad S because of the price and features. I was still using a Nexus 7 until the Zenpad S came along with all its value forcing the upgrade. Hardware: I opted for the budget friendly 2gb/32gb model because I didn't think the additional RAM would benefit me and I just don't need 64gb storage. I don't take pictures with a tablet so the 5mp/8mp cameras of the Z580CA wasn't attractive either. I wasn't aware until after I purchased the Z580C that the Z580CA model's CPU is 2.3ghz compared the 2gb/32gb model's 1.3ghz. That additional processor power might've been enough to push me into that model had I not already received, setup, and enjoyed the Z580C so far. Performance: The Z580C is pretty peppy. Applications open and close quickly, webpages scroll smoothly and zippily, and after playing Asphalt for ten minutes I'm pretty satisfied. I also played some Words with Friends and Solitaire and that went super well too. I'm also pleased with wifi so far (in comparison to my Nexus 7). Pros: The obvious pros are the great price, 64bit quad core CPU, 32gb storage expandable to 128gb, 2gb memory, 2k screen, left & right front facing speakers, and light weight. It's 1.5 ounces lighter than my Nexus 7, a little taller and wider while significantly thinner. You can feel the 1.5 ounce difference. The 4:3 aspect ratio is awesome. I know it's nothing new in tablets, but it makes a world of difference browsing web pages in portrait. I love it. Cons: The main negatives I hear about the Zenpad S is the screen dimming on its own and the poor sound quality. It does dim automatically on some applications but going into the power management section and turning off power save functions and then manually setting the screen brightness has worked around this for me. Maybe Asus will fix this in a software update soon. Regarding the speaker quality. This is a 10.6oz., 6.9mm thick tablet- how people expect booming bass and bright highs puzzles me. The speakers are fine and they point at your face. They are good. I've also heard people complain about the power button being stiff. Yah, it's a relatively stiff press but it's still effortless. And with the tactile soft click you know when you've done it right. It's a non-issue. Plus, I really like and prefer to double tap on the screen to wake up the tablet instead. Another cool feature. OS: Coming from a Google device with the unmolested Android OS I was wondering how the "Zen UI" version of Lollipop Asus installed would be and the truth is, it's fine. It took a couple minutes to get used to. Within minutes I had a new launcher and everything setup how I want. Aesthetics: One thing I thought would bug me was the Pick-Up-Stix counter style "brushed aluminum" backing but, in hand, it just looks black. At specific angles you can see the cross hatch pattern but it feels nice and is fingerprint proof. This doesn't matter at all really but the back of this tablet looks really nice. The slim polished edge of the aluminum backing that separates the Pick-Up-Stix counter style brushed aluminum from the leather-look plastic is beautiful. The branding on the leather-look plastic is very subdued which I like. This tablet really looks great. Overall I have to say, as everyone will say, the Z580C is a very good value. Is the Z580CA a better value? I don't know I don't have one. If this one came with a longer power cord I'd give it 4.5 stars so I want to give it 4.49 stars but I can't. So I rounded. ***************************************************** 9/3/15 - After a couple weeks with this tablet the excitement has definitely settled down...a lot. There've been several ASUS updates, one to the ASUS's side of the OS I think (still L5.0), and many to all of the ASUS installed applications. The tablet is noticeably less zippy. It's not a sloth or anything, but it makes we wonder if I really should have waited a couple weeks for the Z580CA version instead with it's increased processor, memory, and gpu power. The screen dimming thing seems to have subsided through the updates...I think. I realized today I haven't noticed it happening for a couple days other than going from a bright area to a dark area which is normal. The only thing that's a little weird still is the ASUS vivid picture maker brighterer doodad. I notice it very rarely, but sometimes when I open an application that's colorful, like Words with Friends, the colors are super hot and washed out looking for a few seconds then corrects itself. Battery life has been average. I charge it every day-day and a half. I use it for for a few hours a day to stream videos, plays mediocre games, check email, and surf the information super highway. I still think it's it's fantastic bargain and have no real major complaints about it. ****************************************************** I bought a case- it fits perfectly. I like it. http://www.amazon.com/Case-Logic-TS-108-Galaxy-Tablet/dp/B00CTHQ5JM/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1442344492&sr=8-2&keywords=ts-108 ***************************************************** 10/5/15 After almost two months I still enjoy this tablet. Some things of note after more use: I really like whatever coating is on the screen. My Nexus7 would be covered in fingerprints and swipe marks after several days but this screen stays relatively clean except for single fingerprint marks on frequently poked areas of the screen. This makes the screen very easily cleaned with a few wipes of a cloth. I've had it powered up for two weeks at a time without issue. Charging is not slow. My experience has been 2-3 hours to get to 95% from 15%. I did buy a cheapie 6' charging cable and it takes ~50% longer to charge. But I bought it mainly to use the tablet while charging so it doesn't really bother me. But a 6' cable is awesome! Do it! Still happy. "No Ragrets" here.
R3AFFCM12YHRCT	5.0	I am very impressed with this small tablet; here some recommendations	57	58	I opted for the 32GB /2GB version based in a couple of factors. It has the STD micro B USB, having invested a lot in micro B USB cables at home and in the cars, and having about 10 devices (between all family members)using this type of connection at home, I did not wanted to bring a new plug-in adapter incompatible with the rest that I have; don take me wrong a believe the new micro USB-C to be great, but I will wait a couple of years until becomes the true standard in the industry and I have no choice but to adopt it. 32/2GB it’s enough for me for the next couple of years, I do a lot of reading, and play few light games with it, and I considered the tablet to be fast and responsive for what I do with it. I do not have a tendency to overload my devices with useless applications, which I hardly use. For any device phone or tablet that you buy today, seriously consider your minimum specs to be 16GB/2GB for a light user and a minimum of 16GB micro SD, or for a medium user 32GB/2GB with a micro SD 32GBif you need more storage. Avoid 8GB /1GB ram it’s already too small, and you are wasting your money. The tablet screen aspect ratio is excellent for reading, and it is light weight, some reviewers have pointed out that the screen may be dim under certain conditions or the appearance of a yellowish color when the brightness is set too low. It took me a couple of days to get accustom to it, but I realized that the soft tone is great for reading white pages at night with the lights off. Price, after buying several expensive ($400 +) tablets and phones during the past years, I came to the conclusion that it was better to buy devices in the $200-$250 range, may be $300 max in some cases; technology, firmware and apps are constantly changing, and after a couple of years I ended with an old expensive device that lagged in all aspects. It is better to keep the price difference in your pocket, and change more often the devices. (But definitely I stay away from cheap low specs unknown brands devices; it is just throwing away money, avoid $100-$150 Phones or tables) ASUS apps, yes there are a lot of them in it, but I can easily turn them off, as some of the Google apps that I do not use. Since I have different brand name devices, I decided to use Google apps as much as possible, so there is a better synchronization and standardization across all devices that we own at home. As for the launcher I am using the Nova Launcher in all devices, the main advantages of this launcher is that I can back up the screen/desktop settings , resize the icons, icons letter size, and I am able to lock the desktop so no one can move or delete the icons as they are set on the screen. I highly recommend you the Nova Launcher. Asus launcher UI, there is something good for those who are not technically inclined, and a standard Android UI maybe overwhelming. Asus provides with the choice Asus Easy Mode which is a simplified UI / Launcher, it is built-in in new Asus phones and tablets, but is is also available as a standalone app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.asus.easylauncher&hl=en The link for the manual is below, in case you want to read about it. Speaker sound quality and microphone is good for a Skype or Viber conversation, clear no noises, good for watching a YouTube video, as for music get a decent pair of headphones. Two cameras, front and back, no flash. I do not talk much about a cameras in any tablet, for me are just an emergency camera, I prefer to use the one on my phone, it is very uncomfortable to take a picture with a tablet, which may end on the floor. So how many mega pixels and so on, you can check the specs, the only thing relevant for me in that department, is that it has a decent front and back camera for web call Skype or Viber. In case you ask the back camera is good for web calls, for example during a web call you want to show someone an item that you just bought. That is the reason for the 2 MP Front Camera and the 5 MP Rear Camera, there is no need for a million MP camera on a tablet. Recommended Accessories 64 GB Samsung Evo micro SD, the price was very good $24. Amazon ASIN: B00IVPU7AO TPU Case, I needed to protect the tablet, but also I wanted to add a little thickness to the tablet, it makes it more comfortable to hold it while reading Amazon ASIN: B0159GPWDE Screen Protector Film - JOTO Anti Glare. The anti glare film is great for reading Amazon ASIN: B0131JDSC8 Asus on the web Asus web: https://www.asus.com/Tablets/ASUS_ZenPad_S_80_Z580C/ Asus manual: https://www.asus.com/Tablets/ASUS_ZenPad_S_80_Z580C/HelpDesk_Manual/ Asus specs: https://www.asus.com/Tablets/ASUS_ZenPad_S_80_Z580C/specifications/ Why not a Samsung?, I have bought over 7 Samsung devices, they are great quality devices, but I got tired of the physical home button, the touchwiz, and the lack of updates, if you check in Amazon you will see that most of the 8 Samsung tablets still running android 4.4, and in my personal experience, I doubt that they will ever get to android 5, while android 6 is already on the market. Also of those Samsung 8 tablets that compare in price to the Assus, the Samsung have lower memory specs (ram and storage). Then Samsung has a million different SKU / models for the same device, to a point that it becomes hard work to find which is the most recent / newest product , and to compare specs, and prices. I believe that if a manufacturer wants to confuse me with their product offering, I better skip them. ( I may end with an older discontinued item, with little or none tech support) So for those reasons, at the present time I decided to pass on Samsung devices. You like the review give it thumps up in Amazon, Do you have a questions? let me know. Update October 16, 2015 Connecting to weak WiFi signals If you are trying to connect to a weak WiFi (you are far from the router) here is 3 things that you need to do The tablet has better reception in portrait and landscape with the power and volume buttons facing down Turn off power saving Settings>WiFi>3dots menu>advanced>keep WiFi on during sleep>always The battery will last less, but you have good chances of getting that weak signal. Remember to change back the settings, if you no longer need it. Update October 29, 2015 The tablet received a minor OTA update, still 5.0 android (total of 2 OTA updates, since I bought it) Pay attention to this, the right way of holding the tablet in Landscape mode is with the power and volume buttons facing down. (you will get full wifi bars) Also, the volume display on the screen will move/agree according to pressing + or - volume buttons.
R2KV6EX8AOGXU9	3.0	but so far I am very pleased. For a little history	51	56	I only have 2 days of experience with this tablet, but so far I am very pleased. For a little history, my last few devices have been a Nexus 4 and more recently a Zenfone 2 (phones), and this tablet is replacing a Nexus 7 2013 version. I've been pleased with the Zenfone 2 so I figured why not go for a bigger version of that for my next tablet, and that is pretty much what this Zenpad is. I like the 8" size and the 4:3, I generally only use my tablet for browsing and games (Clash of Clans primarily), and occasional Netflix/Youtube. The screen is beautiful, the battery has lasted longer than my Nexus 7 ever did (so far I'm getting 4 hours of screen on time (Clash of Clans), or closer to 6-8 with normal use (Clash of Clans is a battery drain on any device). The tablet feels well made, I've not noticed any technical imperfections, and I'm pretty picky when it comes to looking over a new device while in the return period to make sure nothing bothers me. Unless something crazy happens this will be my tablet for the next 1-2 years, if you are looking for something in the $200 range, you really can't go wrong here. EDIT: My tablet has now randomly turned off twice while using it in the past few days....I don't use it a lot, but it's not a good sign for me to be in the middle of something in a game or browsing and have the tablet just totally shut off. Both times I've been required to restart the tablet and start over (it wasn't asleep, it was totally off). I'm likely going to return this unit to Amazon, unsure if I want to try the same tab again or maybe go with something that has been out a bit longer with more of a track record....
R2UZHDGUQ2YYW4	5.0	Great for the money!	17	18	I had been waiting for this tablet to be released since the day it was announced. I'm excited about it mainly because my great experience with Zenfone 2. I love the performance as well as the price of the phone, so now the tablet is equally lovely! I have played around with it after I received the package today, and these are some immediate thoughts and comments. Hardware and Design: (1) I love how light it is! It's perfect for traveling and commuting! (2) It's my first time using USB-C, and I like how I don't have to care whether I plug in the usb on the right side (which reminded my of the good ole apple lightning cable days) Performance: (1) the price and the hardware are very attractive. It's probably the best 8-inch tablet out there. 4GB of RAM makes sure that there is no lags when using the tablet. The tablet runs very smoothly. (2) the screen is gorgeous and bright. Text is sharp clear. Picture and video display is great as well. The resolution is very satisfying for watching videos. (3) the sound quality of the dual speakers in the front is decent and loud. Battery life: (1) After I fully charged it, using it to stream video lasted about 5 hours. I would say it's not too bad. It could probably last longer for light use. Software: (1) I don't mind the Zen UI. It's smooth and easier to use. However, I do prefer using Nova Launcher instead (I use it on my Zenfone 2). With that said, I think the upcoming Z stylus is integrated with the Zen UI based on some Taiwanese reviews I have read, so when it came out, I might stay with Zen UI. (2) bloatware is always the problem with devices that do not come with pure android. Just as my past experience with Samsung devices, I personally don't like the bloatware, but it's not a deal breaker for me since I can de-bloat it with rooting. (3) With such good hardware configuration and 8-inch screen, it's slightly disappointing that ASUS didn't implement multiwindow feature. Gaming: (1) I don't really play games, but for the sake of testing, I tried Lionheart. It's smooth. However, one annoying thing is that it automatically lower the brightness of the screen to ensure performance and the temperature of the device. The device remains warm throughout gaming, but not hot. Camera: (1) it's not bad, but the quality of photos will not be ideal if the lighting is not good, and there would be a lot of noise in the picture. Other: (1) I'm anxiously waiting for Z Stylus to come out (this is partly why I bought this tablet). As mentioned earlier, some tech reviewers in Taiwan have received one for testing. And the general review has been positive. I will update this part when it's release. Bottom line: If you are looking for a budget tablet and yet with decent performance, I would recommend this one. For the price and performance, I'm giving this tablet 5 stars.
R2GAW3M7H71E9V	4.0	I really like this tablet	10	10	I really like this tablet, but I'm having some issues that I hope are software problems that can be resolved in the near future. Pros: 1. Screen - the display is gorgeous and high-res. 2. Form-factor - thin and light. Some of the edges are a little sharp, but it's not a problem with a case. 3. Front-facing speakers - easy to hear dialog in videos and pretty good treble/highs. Almost no base, but the speakers are tiny, so not unexpected. Cons: 1. Blur-free motion - no way to disable this; even when set to disabled, I still see the "soap opera" effect. There is a lot of stuttering/judder in videos. I notice this specifically in Netflix. When the UI is visible, the video is smooth, but when the controls disappear, the video gets really jerky. I was also seeing some random video corruption/artifacts every once in a while. 2. Sound pops/clicks - the audio pops when switching apps or pressing the recent apps button. For example, if I listen to music and go back and forth between the music app and the home screen, I'll usually get a pop each time. Also if I press the google voice search button repeatedly, I usually hear a pop just before the sound effect plays. 3. Hotcool SmartCover puts the table to sleep randomly - when you move the magnet in the front cover around to the backside of the tablet, it'll sometimes turn off the screen. My guess is that the magnetic sensor needs some tweaking, or it only works for the Asus smart cover. For now, I have to disable this feature entirely, which is very inconvenient. 4. Bloatware! - this table comes packed full of bloatware that can't be uninstalled or disabled. Update: Asus released a new update, version 4.1.0, which has fixed the blur-free motion problems I was having in Netflix. Also the disable setting now correctly disables the "soap opera" mode. Also it looks like after the update, you can disable or uninstall a lot more of the original bloatware without having to root. Adding 1 more star as the only problems left are with sound pops and smart cover detection.
R9RR1IFDXXPCR	5.0	Review of the 4 Gig RAM version	9	9	Asus has been known to make extremely budget friendly Android tablets and Smartphones within the last couple of years so it is no surprise to see that the all new Zenpad S followed the same budget friendly model. With the their new release of the Zenfone 2 receiving numerous applause for it functionality and reliable service, I was eager to try out this tablet. Did it perform well under my testing? Let's find out. In this review I am reviewing the 4 gig ram variant. _____________ DESIGN: The design of this tablet is amazing in my opinion. I love the brushed aluminum finish in the back which is a wonder to look at and feels great in the hand. It is extremely thin and can be easy moved around. The metallic edges on the side make the tablet look a lot more premium than it really is. This tablet is certainly a looker and you will not be disappointed by how many compliments you will probably get from it solely by its design. _____________ DURABILITY: The tablet does not feel flimsy at all and the build makes it feel solid on the hand. If I were to Put a case on it, I would not be worried about getting is damaged if I made sure not to toss it around too much. The buttons on the sides however though not flimsy, are kind of hard to press which will be a bother to some people but fortunately there is a tap the screen to wake the tablet feature. The one gripe that I do have about this tablet is the protruding camera lens. It can be easily broken if the tablet is laid down in the wrong way so please take not of that. _____________ SOUND: The DUAL front facing speakers here give great sound and is easily one of the better sounding tablets out there. They are stereo speakers and I gotta say that these speakers really helped me immerse myself into the media that I was consuming. A+ speakers on this one. _____________ DISPLAY: The display is vibrant and great to look at. Colors just pop and if you want to tweak the screen, you can because Asus provides an app for that. The viewing angles are good and sunlight readability is good but could be a little better. But then again this is a budget device so I exceeds its expectations already. ______________ SPEED: The phone is smooth like butter when navigating the software and browsing webpages. It produced no apparent hickups and performed flawlessly throughout my use with it. Gaming was a pleasure and the only time that the device would actually start having issues is when you are playing graphically intensive games for a long duration of time but then again the effects are minimal. The extra 4 gigs of ram makes multitasking a breeze. _______________ CAMERA: The camera is great. Produces crisp looking pictures and great colors in your photos under normal light conditions. Low light pics do suffer but for a tablet camera, I am thoroughly impressed by its performance. ______________ CONCLUSION: Overall this is a GREAT budget friendly tablet and I highly recommend that you go out and give this tablet a try. It deserves more attention out there and certainly will deliver your tablet needs. I recommend it.
R33O8V3KFSWEB1	4.0	Style on Budget (and Compromises)	12	14	This is a review for Z580C (Atom Z3530 1.33 Ghz, 2GB RAM 32 GB) Due to the length of the review, I will not talk about the asterisked (*) points because my opinion conforms with what other users/critics have said. Pros: Serious style on a budget* Smooth and fluid user experience Acceptable gaming performance, esp considering price & native screen resolution* Uninstallable apps (with a few exceptions)* Zen UI - double tap to wake/sleep, multitask functions* Dual front facing speakers DTS sound adjustments that actually improves video experience Strong storage performance, fast transfer speeds* Meh: 2K display, mid-range CPU & GPU renders some graphically intensive games barely playable* Not a benchmark crusher ~7GB factory image (could've saved a few GB for the user if there was less bloatware?) No 5.0 Ghz Wi-Fi Cons: Sensitive Content Adaptive Backlight Control (CABC)* Zen UI: lackluster notification centre shortcut customisation Front facing speakers: sibilants can sound sharp and harsh, esp in dialogue Questionable DAC, audibly raised low & mid bass Below-average battery life* Below-average battery charge time, ~3.5 hours 0-100% (*disclaimer: using 3rd party charger, 5V at 2A instead of supplied 5.2V at 1.35A)* I’ve bought primarily as a productivity/entertainment tablet. I required something lightweight so I can casually hold it in weird positions (inc. in bed), possess enough performance to breeze through general home-user tasks (web, Office suite, videos/YouTube), have *great* screens and speakers, and have enough oomph to play the occasional game or two. On a budget. I was laughing at my friends a month ago for demanding so much from a budget tablet. Now I’ve got the short end of the stick handed to me, on a silver platter with the launch of the Zenpad Z580C. My only saving grace is the fact that like all budget gadgets, this came with some not-negligible compromises. The DAC audibly raises the low-end frequencies (compared to my Dragonfly 1.2). While I do prefer the sound, I believe DAC should add absolutely NOTHING to the sound signal and I hope Asus can included a flatter DAC for future models. The speakers tend to sizzle out on sharp sibilants (like ‘s’ in ‘sound’ and ‘st’ in ‘jest’), making them sound harsh and grating to the ear. Then again, my ears are young and sensitive to trebles, so your mileage will definitely vary. I’ve installed Nova launcher to hide most of Zen UI away, but the notification centre is stuck there and its lack of customisation annoys me. Commonly used shortcuts like Wi-Fi and airplane mode take too many drags to access, and the inability to remove the less useful shortcuts makes the notification centre too cluttered for my tastes. Onto the positives now, and boy there are many. The speakers sound, for a little overstatement, phenomenally good, especially with DTS. These little beauties can go LOUD (max volume) without distortion. I’ll have to seriously applaud Asus for forgoing bass quantity on these tiny speakers (it’s there, but let’s not kid ourselves, they’re kinda weak) so they can play loud AND clean at the same time. Kudos Asus, kudos. This is also perhaps the first time I’ve experienced audio ‘enhancement’ enhancing audio experience. Movies encoded in 5.1 channels benefit greatly from DTS enhancements, namely improved positioning and punchy effects. What’s also impressive is that the speakers & DTS can handle complex scenes, like climatic and chaotic battle with ease. Finally, despite the tablet’s low-ish benchmark scores, general performance other than gaming is smooth, and very rarely exhibited slowdowns or lags (most likely software glitch than slow hardware). This is for me, the biggest selling point of the tablet – it offers fantastic performance, in addition to the stylish design and fantastic hardware all the while maintaining a budget price tag. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Below are my benchmark comparisons to the Z580CA (as reported on Anandtech [...]) Google Sheets link: [...] (Copy/pasted from my post on Whirlpool) 'Z580C is % worse' row shows the performance difference compared to the Z580CA. 'Perf as % of Z580CA' row is simply performance expressed as a percentage of Z580CA. From the data alone, I would argue that there's strong case for spending more money on the Z580CA (or one of the in-between configurations) since there's an almost linear relationship between cost and performance. Even if you don't need the extra performance, the higher end models still have good value propositions in extra features like stylus support, extra RAM and storage space. One big negative of the device I've noticed is that it can't maintain constant 30 FPS when playing Asphalt 8 on very low settings, the device would chug along at around 25 FPS. I would describe the game as barely playable as the stuttering can make high speed cornering and maneuvers hard to perform.
R3DEWVO00LYUWX	5.0	Not bleeding edge, but perfect for my needs (at a great price)	6	6	I wanted a tablet that was light, easy to read, and cheap. This one fits the bill, at $199. The speakers, although tinny, face forward and are impressively loud. It hasn't crashed on me and it's fast enough for me (a non-gamer). The screen is excellent and it's easy to hold in your hand. The build quality is solid enough; I've dropped it twice with no problems (with a screen protector). If you want a tablet for gaming, get the Nvidia Shield Tablet. If you want one with an elegant interface, get an iPad mini. If you want a tablet for simple browsing, reading, and movie watching, this one is perfect. No, it's not the fastest, nor is the battery life exemplary. There is a fair amount of (deletable) bloatware and the settings are clunky, but as an inexpensive, portable secondary device, it's ideal for my needs. Pros: Inexpensive, great screen, lightweight, good specs, microSD slot, decent front-facing speakers. Perfect for me, a casual tablet user. Cons: Unimpressive battery life, no speed demon, arrived with a giant scratch on the back, no speedy charging. Not for power users.
R1OLZWCQDC9811	5.0	Best tablet for its price range. Very pleased so far.	5	5	I have reviewed many tablets as I have a blog dedicated to tablets. Google "TabletConnect Blogspot". Overall, the ZenPad is the best value Android tablet currently on the market meaning for its price, it is the best tablet on the market. For $200, you are getting great hardware. So what are the strengths: 1) 2048x1536 HD screen; 2) $199 price tag; 3) dual front speakers; 4) 32GB of storage which may be enough for most individuals (but expansion slot is available); 5) premium looking tablet; and 6) very good battery life (I have seen worst & it did very well in our battery video loop test). As for the negatives: 1) annoying power button that is too flush to work properly; 2) possibly no upgrade to Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) [I did reach out to Asus who basically stated it is not in the works but may change]; 3) bloatware [28 non-Google pre-installed apps of which 23 are Asus apps]; and 4) its minor but occasional screen dimming for no reason. There is no denying that the ZenPad S 8.0 is the best $200 tablet on the market for now. The ZenPad is not meant to compete with tablets costing $300-$500 so there are certainly better Android tablets out there but ZenPad wins in the $150 - $250 market. Other comments: I played Asphalt 7 and Dead Trigger 2 with no lag or stuttering. Can be rooted. Camera takes OK pics (check my blog for some pictures taken with the ZenPad S 8.0). Never had Wifi issues (I know many have complained so I assume its their routers.) I love the knock on & off feature similar to the LG phones (double tap to turn screen on & off). Asus has been good with providing minor updates but I am not holding my breath for Android 6.0. Tips: Turn off Power Saving mode; turn off auto-brightness; disable or uninstall bloatware; use the installed Auto Start app to disable apps.
RNKNCIU69V1DZ	4.0	Great tablet, if you're willing to gamble...	4	4	I have to say that I was really excited for this tablet when I reviewed the specs and out of the box I was very pleased; however after 2 days the top quarter of the touchscreen no longer responded accurately. It was an awkward situation of relying on auto rotate to get to the notification pane. This in and of itself didn't bother me as I understood that this is a new release, and of course there will be bugs in any new hardware production and I'm also just lucky that way. I returned it and a replacement was shipped quickly. I was disappointed again to find that the replacement suffered from the exact same defect. I was a little shaken by this and was hesitant to try again. I have to say I am very happy that I did. With receipt of the third tablet, I was finally satisfied. I have been a loyal supporter of ASUS since my first laptop and am continually impressed by the amount of value they pack into their products. Pros: This is a fast tablet that is able to handle anything that you need or just want to put it through. One of the fastest processors on the market and the largest amount of RAM that you can buy at this time in a tablet this size it is very nimble. The screen was surprisingly crisp, definitely surprising from an IPS display especially when tweaked with the ASUS Splendid color controls. I love the Zen UI. It is large, however, it allows an unprecedented amount of customization from a stock ROM. If you want to change it there is a way from background to scroll effects. This is, in my opinion, the pinicle of tablets at the moment. Cons: Well if you previously read, of course receiving defective tablets before finally getting a fully functional tablet does constitute a serious con, however I feel it's an inconvenience and doesn't follow my history with ASUS products so I won't hold it against them too much. My major con with the tablet is a large amount of fairly useless apps. Asus does try to make some great apps, and many of them are useful, others don't seem to work well or there is already a better app available in the marketplace. I appreciate the effort but I would appreciate the option to uninstall them from the tablet unrooted. There are a few preinstalled apps that you can uninstall, but I don't understand why they're there to begin with. All that being said, this is a great tablet, fast, huge on-board storage, customization options, thin, and a pretty screen. I am anticipating getting the z-stylus to be able to fully use the tablet's options. I would definitely recommend this to someone who want's top-tier hardware for a bargain price, but is also willing to handle a little frustration if it comes to it. I'm hoping that this tablet continues to function well, but I will update accordingly.
R187LZB5LW8QAS	2.0	Very dissapointing. Could have been great.	9	11	I've had this tablet for a little over a week now, but I am returning it. There are a couple issues I just can't live with; maybe I got a subpar unit, but living with the ZenPad for 8 days has convinced me to either spring for a Galaxy Tab S2 or save some money and get a Fire HD8. 1. The screen. It's a decent LCD display, though not very bright or anything special. And that's fine, that's what I expected. What I didn't expect was the incessant changes in brightness. It never stops. Dim, dim, dim, bright, bright, bright. MAKE UP YOUR MIND! Seems like something that should be simple to fix, right? Well, turning off auto brightness doesn't do it. Turning ON auto brightness doesn't do it. Turning off the power save features doesn't do it. Installing Lux to control the brightness doesn't do it. I'm out of ideas and I've already spent way too much time yelling at an inanimate object. 2. Performance. I wasn't expecting crazy speed or anything, but I certainly never expected it to be outperformed by my 2013 Nexus 7. I don't know if it's Asus' software "enhancements" or what, but starting up games and switching programs is shockingly slow. In fact it can't seem to ever re-open a running app without totally restarting it. I figured with 2GB of RAM performance would be pretty good, but it's ended up just being frustrating. I did a lot of research before buying this tablet, and I really wanted to like it. It does have some positive aspects: nice front-facing speakers, good battery life, and a low price, but ultimately it's not even close to a keeper for me.
RPOZN3S1M80X9	2.0	Nice, bright screen	6	7	Purchased elsewhere at the big blue and yellow retailer... Pros: Nice, bright screen. Not overly expensive. Cons: Shuts down on it's own daily (and at the most inconvenient times) Bloatware, bloatware bloatware. Seriously? I can't uninstall the Amazon Kindle app? It would be worth $20 more for a "clean" OS. The in-built keyboard is awkward. I don't understand why manufacturers can't just roll their hardware and leave the User Experience to the company that designed the OS. I'm an avid user of Google-branded products and unfortunately the ZenUI changes are not up-to-snuff. Now for the shutdowns... First, I changed as much of the UI to Google-provided apps as possible, the keyboard, the launcher, everything. Then boom, shutdown. For a split second, I see the "Powering down..." dialog and then poof, reboot time. It happens over and over and over. I've narrowed it to being in dark or confined places OR heat. I have a case (unofficial because I can't find the official one) and it seems to happen when opening or closing that case. Maybe it's dark enough to think it should shut down? But why? So I removed the case and have been running it caseless. Now it shuts down less, but still often. I'll think "oh the battery is dead or something" nope, it'll start right up with 90% battery left. I know I'm not the only person with this issue and I'm sure ASUS is getting plenty of returns and RMAs for this. I contacted ASUS who asked me to do factory wipes (to no avail) and ultimately want me to send it in for RMA. I haven't opened an RMA, but I fully expect that I will be required to pay shipping to ASUS for the new version, then get a refurbished one back. At $200, what's the point? 10% of the cost to send it back?
R1QD4BGGWCC6IH	5.0	Fantastic tablet for the price. Great for media streaming!	3	3	This review is for the ASUS ZenPad S 8.0 64 GB (Z580CA). I've only had an iPad (2nd generation) before. I actually enjoyed the iPad, but I ended up selling it because it wasn't all that useful to me. Jump into the future, and now I could use a pad again. At about $300, this is about the high end of the price range I was willing to shell out for. And it's worth it. It should be known that when I received the pad and started it up, I received an OTA update. The feel of this pad is quite nice. The faux leather on one side is a little weird, but doesn't detract from holding it. It might actually help. And is doesn't detract from its aesthetics either. This pad looks freakin' nice. It's light enough for me (which is a huge plus over the iPad I had, but to be fair, the iPad was 10"). I don't use this outside, so I can't say anything about the brightness outside, but inside it's great. I tend to use this most at night with low lights, and the screen adjusts itself automatically to a comfortable level. I don't experience any of the raising or lowering of the screen brightness that other people that reviewed it have. However, I will say that when I want to play a game on it, I will manually raise the brightness to the max. And it's very bright. The contrast is great for playing games like The Room, where there's a lot of bright and dark areas. Speaking of games, I don't play games too heavily on the device, but I like to dabble. I've played Final Fantasy IV, The Room and The Room 2, MyVegas Slots (shoosh), and Lara Croft Go, and there hasn't been any hiccups or anything. Not that those games test the limits of devices. I use this pad mostly for reading (Moon+ Reader, Bacon Reader), social networking (Facebook), and entertainment. For entertainment, this is a beast. I'll explain why, because it's not just the ZenPad. The ZenPad has made things pretty easy for entertainment. I was worried that I would be stifled because there's no HDMI port on there, and that the new USB connection doesn't have any HDMI dongles available yet. But, it DOES have 802.11ac Wifi. I haven't used it yet because I don't have an AC router, but let me explain why it's good. I bought an Amazon FireStick and threw Kodi on it (formerly XBMC). The ZenPad has, in its settings, a media server. You just enable it and have Kodi look for it on your network, and bam, instant streaming. You can stream via wifi any videos up to 720p. But it's only 720p because of the limitations of 802.11n (which is what I have). So the ZenPad has no trouble streaming 1080p video as long as your wifi can handle it, both sending and receiving. BTW, I tried screen mirroring with the Roku Streaming Stick, and it was horrible. With the Amazon FireStick, it was beautiful, fast and responsive. I have used the ZenPad mirroring to do presentations for my students at work off a FireStick and an old projector. The speakers are fairly low. I've been spoiled with my HTC One M8 tho, which has incredible sound for a phone. The audio is passable, but really, get some headphones if you really want to take advantage of the sound. Still, I watch Frasier all the time on Netflix, and it's perfectly fine for light viewing (like before going to bed). Yes, I still watch Frasier. Some other thoughts: - The tablet is thin, and very good for holding while reading. - I like how the USB charge port is a little off to the side. It makes holding it horizontally a lot easier, but it makes it a little bleh to hold it vertically while plugged in. - So many complaints about bloatware, but it was manageable for me and honestly easy to disable and not that invasive. This is the version with 4GB of RAM, however... - The ZenUI works great, but truth be told, I use Nova Launcher for all my devices. Nova works great on this as well and does not interfere with any software on the ZenPad. - I bought a 6ft Type C cable, and it works fantastically. Makes tablet life a little easier. I recommend it: Type C, iOrange-E™ 6.6 Ft (2M) Braided Cable with Reversible Connector for New Macbook 12 inch, ChromeBook Pixel, Nokia N1 Tablet, Asus Zen AiO and Other Devices with Type C USB, Black If you don't play many games on it, get the $200 version. It should do everything this one can aside from playing games a bit more fluidly.
R3HFOLUUAZQ2MC	4.0	So far so good I purchased the more expensive 64 gig tablet with ...	3	3	So far so good I purchased the more expensive 64 gig tablet with the faster processor than the base model, so the $299 tablet vs the $199 tablet. The more expensive version has a faster processor, more storage, better camera and more RAM. The screen is very sharp, but often needs some tweaking out of the box for the best settings, as does the sound. VERY light, easy to hold. Optional Zen Stylus for active entry for note taking. Very nice screen. So far very snappy. The software is pretty poor and lots of bloatware. Perhaps there will be a way to root and flash a more stable rom on the system. For the meantime though I'm willing to accept this. Not a major bummer yet, but a more modest nexus skin would have been a much better choice for asus (odd given they made the asus nexus 7 which is an all time classic, but too many generations removed for modern use today) For $100 more you could get the Samsung Galaxy S2, which has a better screen, is slightly lighter and has a fingerprint sensor. It only has 32 gig internal storage vs 64 for the asus. It seems lots of review sites are listing the s2 8 inch as 64 gig, but it is not. It has a microsd slot like the asus zenpad, but internal storage for apps is a huge bonus when files are getting bigger and bigger. So far, for the price this is an amazing deal. Time will tell if the tablet holds up. And yes this model has a usb-c port. While it is NOT rated as a high speed port, I was able to connect to my computer to download music files to the tablet and it seemed quite fast--so perhaps it is faster than the reviewers expect. The only thing really missing is a fingerprint sensor, but but the price and larger internal ram, more on board storage and optional zen stylus, this seems like a solid deal.
R35Y8ALLVRQPTQ	5.0	Family-tested and family-approved. Three generations looked hard for problems, and here's what we found.	3	3	I have had a few months now to put this tablet through the paces and see how it does. It goes everywhere with me, conveniently fits in my purse (at 8" it's sized between my phone and my laptop, which is perfect). One of the best ways it comes in handy is that we spend a lot of time in medical offices, hospitals, etc. We just hook onto their wi-fi and we can do schoolwork, check email, communicate with the medical team and relatives, etc. ASUS is a well-known and reliable brand, with great customer service. This is our second ASUS over the years, and we rarely have any trouble at all with them. The few times that we've run into a glitch, the ASUS customer service team expertly and efficiently guided us through the software adjustments (in both cases it was a minor software glitch that was easily fixed). One thing that gave us trouble right away is the power button. It's on the right side, but it's recessed in such a way that we can't seem to easily find and activate it. As in many other tech situations, I have to call in the big guns...one of my kids. Another important part of the tablet that I absolutely must comment on is the incredible screen. For movies, TV shows, YouTube videos, etc., it is beautiful and clear. It is a delight for the eyes. The menus are intuitive and very user-friendly, so young and old and in-between seem to have no problems maneuvering around. Our whole family is thrilled with our new tablet. We looked hard for problems, negatives, drawbacks, etc. and really can't come up with much other than a finicky power button. Good brand, great screen, good customer service, a convenient size, user-friendly, and we definitely recommend it very highly. Sure hope this review has helped you.
R32WRFYCYUEM6A	5.0	High quality hardware for a modest price	3	3	I've had this tablet for 3 weeks now, and I think that this is the best tablet I've ever had. Pros: - gorgeous 2K hi-definition screen, photos and movies look stunning! However read on to the end where I talk about the "TruVivid" feature that I found very annoying, turning it off made a huge difference. - very snappy processor, no problems decoding 1080p 60fps (I don't have anything heavier to test), and working in any app is a breeze - plenty of RAM and internal storage - micro SD card slot (some tablets out there don't have it these days) - light and sturdy - beautiful design - GPS Cons: - I don't have an explanation for this, maybe not everything is optimized for Intel processor, but I get lags sometimes: in the menus of games, or just apps taking longer to start up, compared to my 2014 Moto E, where hardware if far more modest. - ZenUI extension gets in the way sometimes, and having used to pure Android on Motorolas I find it hard to navigate all the settings available. But once you set it up, it just works. - "TruVivid" feature is annoying, is enabled by default, and it's not obvious how to turn it off. Now, this "TruVivid" feature, according to product page, is supposed to make sure that brightness and contrast of the screen always stay adequate for whatever is displayed at the moment. In real life scenarios it means brightness and contrast jumping up and down every time screen contents change. You opened the apps drawer, which is a number of icons against dark-ish background? Contrast/brightness will slowly fade, making text almost unreadable. Open google search, which is a few dark elements against white background? Contrast/brightness will slowly increase. This drove me nuts, until I found how to turn this off: - Go to all applications, open Power saver (of all things) - disable "smart saving" That's it! No more pesky contrast changes, and your text will remain readable whatever you do. Maybe this will reduce battery life of the device, but I'd rather spend 5 hours enjoying the new tablet, than 7 hours being annoyed by random changes in contrast. All in all, very solid device I would recommend to anyone.
R1BWKCTS85YCPB	1.0	Constant reboots are a deal breaker.	6	7	For the first week the tablet worked great... Then as the frequent updates rolled in the device became less and less stable. It now reboots several times a day (10+). I have tried factory resetting the tablet multiple times as well as not installing any apps that did not come with the tablet and I still have issues. I'm pretty confident the issue is related to the updates being released as the number of reboots changes with the release of each update. It's a shame because the tablet works great otherwise, but having it reboot 2-3 times during one session ruins the experience.
R57IOMVVBEES5	5.0	Forget Samsung and apple,save about $200.	4	4	I don't take pictures or do hardcore gaming on any tablet but this tablet does a decent job with that. If you mainly stream video and use social media, This tablet does a great job. It feels really solid and looks premium in hand. The screen is beautiful
RQRHW1WSE71JE	5.0	I've owned a few tablets and this has to be my favorite!	3	3	I've owned a few tablets and this has to be my favorite! Over the past few years, I've owned both Nexus 7's, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S, the Dell Venue 8 7840 (32gb) and the IPad 2. This has to be my favorite one of them all. I honestly cannot find any major faults with it. The hardware is more than adequate. The Intel proc is more than capable and the 4GB of ram really keeps things smooth. For comparison the Dell Venue 8 has the exact same proc (but only 2GB) of RAM and runs like a dog! ZenUI is not a bad interface and can easily be replaced with your favorite launcher. The wifi works pretty well, I've read some reports of slower than advertised speeds, but I have yet to experience it. The battery life is middle of the road, Its better than a Nexus 7, but not as good as an Ipad. Unless you are the type of person who spends hours at a time on your tablet, battery should not be an issue. The only complaint that many will have is the amount of included software. Most of it isn't needed and can be easily removed. I'm also unsure if this device will receive any updates (Marshmallow). Overall, this tablet is pretty hard to beat for the money.
R3RP8YACJO3EXC	5.0	It's the iPad of the Android world	3	3	The ASUS ZenPad's display is bright and vivid. I loaded up 5 movies to keep me entertained for a couple recent flights now that most airlines (at least that I use) no longer offer movies domestically. The device's ability to add a micro-SD card eliminated frustrating storage limits that my iPad has... especially with all of the videos I both shoot (home movies) and watch when traveling. Performance of the ASUS ZenPad, even when accessing data from the micro-SD card, is fast and consistent. I have been especially impressed with the camera -- both for the quality of photos and videos. In fact, on our recent vacation we used it exclusively as our camera/camcorder. It's that good. I've been relying on the ASUS ZenPad to check email, my Facebook page, as my "new" Kindle reader -- and many other tasks that I used to be chained to my computer for. It's been very liberating. You won't have to fuss about searching for the latest Android and/or ASUS ZenPad upgrades because they are made automatically (you can set that when on wifi). I love the ASUS ZenPad and highly recommend it. Two thumbs up!
R2NNZLSRCIGU8W	5.0	Like many of the other reviewers	10	13	Like many of the other reviewers, I don't have a ton of time with this new tablet. But, I do like what I see so far! Let me start with my "tablet credentials". This is my 7th tablet. I own (or have owned) 1 ASUS Transformer 10" (sold), 2 Nexus 7 (2012) (one with 16GB and one with 32GB), a B&N Nook HD+ (I just sold that), a Lenovo Tab A10 10.1-Inch 16 GB Tablet with keyboard, and an HP Slate 7 Extreme. My 10" transformer was the original and just too big and heavy, so I sold it and went for the Nexus 7. I was originally very happy with my Nexus 7 tablets, but as they aged and were upgraded to the latest, greatest, cutting-edge OS's (that's how Nexus works, right?), they got slower and slower and slower. I tried everything. Complete wipes, installing custom ROMs (CM), etc. But, in the end I think they were build with slow memory and couldn't keep up with the new OS's. (I understand the 2013 model are a little better). The Nook was my 2nd attempt at bigger (not quite 10"), but lighter. It's performance was only ok at best. Never quick by any measure. The Lenovo was something I recently won in a raffle and I'm un-impressed with it's performance, display quality and resolution, and bloatware. It's ok for free, but still not what I'm looking for. So, I ordered the HP Slate 7 Extreme. On paper, it was supposed to rock. But, it got hot, had TERRIBLE battery life and *for me* was still VERY SLOW! So after all this experience with unimpressive tablets, I started digging to understand why I was such a hard customer to please. I don't really game much. Hmmm. You know what it was? I multi-task a lot! I run mail and browser (with lots of tabs), and widgets and this and that and I discovered that of all my previous 6 tablets, they ALL had 1GB of RAM! Turns out my HP Slate 7 Extreme might be fast, but with 1GB RAM it was super slow for me. Enter the 4GB of RAM Z580CA. It's smooth, and lots of speed. No RAM trouble when I run all my stuff! Display is beautiful, although the auto setting tends to be too dim for me. The battery life and standby both seem great so far! The form factor is perfect for me....super super thin and 4:3 is great for me. I'm also anxious for the Z-pen. I've got an H9 tempered glass screen protector on it's way because this is a keeper! I'll update this review in a few weeks once I've got more substantial data, but so far so good! Great job ASUS, let's hope you sell a ton of these premium tablets! UPDATE 8/28/15 Thought that I would quickly update my battery longevity. My Z580CA is finally telling me to re-charge after 5 days! I fully charged it after receiving it on first used it on 8/23. It only got used a few hours here and there, but today on 8/28 I'm at 12% left with a forecast of 12 hours to go. While this may not indicate anything relative to SOT, it does show excellent sipping of battery while on standby. Also, I just got promoted to update my OS, there must be a new one out.
R1RMY3B8TFU8J6	4.0	lightweight, bright screen, fast	5	6	I am an Android girl. I have had Android phones for 3 years and nearly switched to an iPhone last year, but couldn't bring myself to do it. I am so glad that I didn't switch. I have an iPad (bought for me as a gift--an original mini) and it frustrates me to no end because it doesn't have enough memory with each iOS update. I have never been able to justify buying one for myself since they are so expensive and have no expandability. I've wanted an Android tablet, but didn't know which one to get, but when I was given the opportunity to review this one, I jumped at it. I have had ASUS products in the past (I had a netbook years ago) and liked the quality. What I use my tablet for most of the time: surfing the web, email, and watching videos on Netflix, Plex, Tablo, or Amazon. I also want to watch videos on-the-go so I need plenty of storage space. I will also stream music through my phone or tablet to Bluetooth speakers. I've been using this tablet for over a week and am very happy with it so far. It is thin, light, has a bright screen, is fast, and sets up just like my phone. I downloaded all my apps--like Netflix, Amazon photos, Amazon music, Tablo, and more. It runs fast and has a beautiful screen. Videos look great as the screen is clear and bright. I was disappointed at first because Netflix kept hanging and splitting the screen...I wondered if it was the app or the tablet. Turns out it was the tablet because the split screen continued outside of the app (once I was able to get out of it which didn't happen every time Netflix failed). I had to do a system update which fixed the issue. I haven't had any issues with Netflix or any of the other apps. My one complaint about the tablet is the battery life. It just doesn't seem to hold up as well as I expected. It isn't terrible, but it does seem to drain quicker than my iPad. I need to charge it on a daily basis with any use where the iPad can go at least 2-3 days without charging.
R3HMP4HTAWRZNA	5.0	This review is only for the Z580CA 4GB/64GB $299.	3	3	There are reviews included here for the Z580C which is the $199 dumbed down version. The Z580CA at $299 is excellent. I have a Nexus 9 and this 4GB/64GB Z580CA is just as fast, lighter, with good battery discharge and recharge time. One thing I will concede to the Nexus 9 is maximum brightness but the Z580CA is plenty bright. When reading the reviews here almost all reviews that are less than 4 stars are for the $199 Z580C. I am very happy with mine and will probably replace my wife's Kindle with another Z580CA. I think ASUS has made a mistake using the same model number less the A. They should have opted for an entirely different model number to keep the reviews from dragging down their flagship and creating consumer confusion. Compare the specs for the two models and for $100 more you get a far superior tablet.
R2XR93B291HW7U	4.0	So far the best Android tablet released in 2015 great value for the money	3	3	I can only give this a 4 due to the fact that I'm not sure how Asus will go about updating the tablet. I got mine from newegg because Amazon didn't have it in stock on release day. And that still seems to be the case as I write this review . I am experiencing issues getting AC Wi-Fi on my device from my router when my AC devices have no issues. It's only receiving 5 gigahertz N Wi-Fi. The 4 gigs of ram is amazing because nothing closes in the background I'm able to do everything from stream to download movies and follow sports as it's happening online in such a small form factor. Besides the Wi-Fi issues I have no complaints so far. 64 gigs of internal memory is more than enough for a tablet plus having a micro SD card!
RC9J35JZ5SPF5	3.0	Good tablet, but performance lags some...	3	3	I have a Nexus 6 and have had Nexus devices for quite awhile. I'm used to the "clean and crisp" feel of stock android. I do like this tablet, don't get me wrong, but I find that there are performance lags, most likely associated with the Asus software that's loaded on top. The specs on this tablet lead me to believe that everything should run smoothly, but where I notice the lags the most is when I'm going to the Home page after running an application. Only the wallpaper shows, and it will take a little bit for the apps and groups of apps to appear. Anyway, good tablet, but I'm going to go with the Nexus 9 instead.
R2EH3G9VSN8THZ	5.0	So much for so little	3	3	At 199$ this is a steal, you'd be hard pressed to find another tablet with this many features at this price range. This 8 inch tab is the perfect size and never feels awkward unlike it's larger 10 inch cousins. The 2K display is gorgeous and combined with the two front facing stereo speakers bring whatever you're watching to life. Battery life is a bit above average i'd say even with smart saving turned off and brightness set to around 50%. I can't really find anything negative about this tablet. Overall the ZenPad S 8.0 is a good buy and to think i almost got a Galaxy Tab A instead glad i didn't. :-)
R1JX90KW28634B	4.0	It would have been nearly perfect if it had better battery life	2	2	I purchased this tablet as a replacement for my aging Asus TF101 10 inch tablet. Overall, I am very pleased with the Zenpad and I am glad I purchased it. My Zenpad is the 64GB model, with the faster processor. Here are my impressions: - Very fast and fluid - Very good screen and resolution; screen is bright enough, but could be brighter. - Light, thin and easy to hold; very stylish - Plenty of internal storage capacity and with the micro SD slot, enough storage to pretty much store anything - Decent camera and photo software. Plenty of options - The ZenUI is ok, and it does not bother me like some of the other reviewers. - Sound is good, but not great. Like that the speakers are facing you. Adjusting the sound controls helps. - Nice assortment of utilities that can make the ZenPad run like you want it to. The biggest downside is battery life - ASUS should have installed a larger capacity battery. I use the ZenPad off and on all day, with a combination of video's, internet access, music streaming and news feeds and by the end of most days, I am down to about 30%, so I am charging almost daily. If I replicate the daily use with my Samsung Tab S 8.4, I am down to about 55% to 60% - a big difference. I almost returned this unit because of the battery, but decided to keep it since I like pretty much everything else about it. All in all, a very capable tablet with an excellent screen, very good speed and a stylish look. Thin, light and easy to carry. If you don't mind a little bit shorter battery life, this unit is a very good choice. I am happy with it and will continue to use it as my primary tablet.
R2DX1GUMIVW40Z	3.0	Great tablet, until the screen randomly blanks out	3	3	I love the features for the price, the review killer is an intermittent bug, usually during video playback, when the screen will blank for a few seconds, then revert to the lock screen. Very frustrating. I have applied the latest updates, and it seems pretty unpredictable.
RDDDJT6TSTPKJ	5.0	I started with the earlier Z580C model because I liked the $200 price	2	2	I started with the earlier Z580C model because I liked the $200 price. I really liked that tablet, but it had conflicts with my network and BT headset -- I was getting constant buffering on Netflix when I used the BT. I returned the C to BestBuy and decided to pay the extra $100 for the Z580CA primarily to get the 802.11ac networking. I was betting that 5GHz wifi would eliminate BT conflicts. The CA model is almost identical to the C model, but better. I've had it about a week and I haven't yet had ANY buffering issues. I get fantastic download speeds through the 802.11ac wifi. Like the C model, the CA has great screen resolution, it is fast, and it is a solid, nice looking tablet. I like the type 3 USB connector that doesn't require me to figure out what side to plug in -- that's one area where Apple has had a leg up. If you're looking for map apps, the GPS is very sensitive and works well inside a car or house. I haven't really given the battery a good test, but that's not too much of an issue for me. I don't think you can do better for the price, and you may not be able to do much better even if you don't consider the price.
REG5GRJRXHXBJ	5.0	Longtime iPad User, Wondering Why?	4	5	Ive used an iPad for the past 8 years, in one form or the other, and loved the experience. That is, until I ordered the Asus Zenpad S 8 4GB/64GB and now question my loyalty towards the Apple brand for so long. From the interface, to the pure speed of this tablet, everything is top notch! Asus even has an app that has direct contact with their UI creators, which allows you and others to ask for and learn the status of feature updates. From under review to being worked on to completed, your wanted features are quickly implemented. This thing blows through anything you throw at it, from the most GPU intensive games to productivity apps. The 4GBs of memory and high CPU/ GPU speeds allow for extensive multitasking and games that give some PS4 titles a run for their money. Add a gamepad and you have a great, on-the-go gaming system. With 64GBs of on-board storage, plus a micro sd slot that allows for 128GB+ cards, you will never want for more space. The only omission from this otherwise perfect package, is a built in HDMI port. Battery lasts from 6-8 hours plus, depending on what you are doing, with a full charge takng around an hour. Games will be on the lower side, moderate browsing will keep you going for days. The great USB C(3.1) port allows for quick power plug in without fumbling around to make sure your cable is in the upright position and allows for the latest and greatest transfer speeds. Tap to awake is also a nice feature that allows quick turn on without feeling around for the power button. The ZenUI is nice and allows for personalization of almost any feature available on the tablet. The screen is nice and shares Apples resolution at 2048x1536, though Apples iPad has the brighter of the screens. Thats not to say that the Asus screen is dim, but not at the level of the iPad(at least the 9.7" version), I dont have a mini to compare it to(though Im sure it is equal to the Asus in the brightness department). Viewing the two screens together with the chrome browser open to the Zenpad product page on Amazon, shows a bright white background on the iPad with an off white background on the Zenpad. Asus is now working on an upgrade that will allow an even brighter setting(200%), but will come at greater drain to battery(though, supposedly not as much as one would think). This may bring the Zenpads brightness level up to that of the iPad Air level. I will report back when that happens. This being said, the Zenpads brightness is still at a high level and is higher than most other phones and tablets. I did notice that turning the Zenpads bluelight filter on gave the whites a lighter look and closer to that of the iPad, making me think the panel Asus is using has a push in the blues and this is their way of combating it. After further inspection(on Yahoos front page) the whites on the Zenpad actually seem more pleasant than that of the iPad(due to the bluelight filter). When Asus updates their brightness setting, the Zenpad screen may have the better picture. The sound is actually pretty good out of the two front facing stereo speakers, not once crackling... even at full volume. Of course, nothing will beat output to a better amplifier and set of speakers. The Zenpad S 8 will stream Dolby and DTS HD over bluetooth for the audiophiles of the world. Overall, you wont find a better tablet for the money. It is stacked enough to allow for many years of use without upgrade. More powerful than any other tablet on the market, especially in this price range. Cheaper than the best iPad and twice as powerful.
R2P0M7HKQGOXFA	4.0	Better Hardware for Half the Price of an Apple Mini 3	4	5	I was probably going to be impressed by any tablet moving up from a first generation ipad mini that apple ruined for me with an update a few months ago causing causing text entry in browser fields to have extreme lag. Annoyed as I was with Apple, I still gave the mini 3 a look, its hard to abandon those itunes purchases, but it's specs were inferior to the ZenPad S8 for half the cost. The z3850 processor outperforms the A7 significantly and the asus has 2x or 4x RAM, while other features were comparable. There are those that would apologize for the underpowered hardware on Apple's new products compared to android tablets and phones saying iOS doesn't need it because it has a better OS, but it only doesn't need it yet and a couple years down the line, you'll update to iOS10 and find you have an obsolete device. The ZenPad S 8 is the first in a new generation of tablets by asus, but they have had other lines of tablets I had encountered in work giving them plenty of models to get their feet wet. The ZenPad has definitely upgraded in the design, screen and camera from their other tablets, the three things that seem to catch peoples eye the fastest. Asus always seems to have good value in hardware, which I care most about, and I've used their computer components for over a decade. I wanted the 4gig version of this which doesn't seem available yet and I wanted the case by asus, also unavailable, but I'm sure they will be in time. I suspect they will get a growing share of the market for tablets and phones with well designed value like this and the ZenFone 2.
RBCBMFP3Y5MH2	5.0	Fast,lots of storage,affordable!	2	2	I love this tablet! The tablet is light weight and very sleek. The black and chrome look great and the back cover is nice as well. I love the front facing speakers but do wish they were a little louder but they work fine for my needs. The tablet is extremely responsive and very fast! I have not had issues with the power button but I am still getting used to the power button being below the volume rocker (I'm always pressing it when trying to lower volume) I use this tablet mainly for school and watching my shows. The processor is very good and can open up my books and load its content very quickly. I didn't think I would like 4:3 ratio but its not a big deal and I can still see everything ok. Huge pro over my old samsung is no physical home buttons, no more pressing the back button when watching a show. Over all I am extremely happy with my purchase and its the best tablet I've had so far. (I've had a nook,Samsung galaxy tab 3, nexus 7 2013 and a Samsung galaxy tab s 8.4)
R2BNJQ4BBDM0WZ	4.0	Good middle of the road tablet with great display	2	2	Got this to replace a Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 which I found to be too small and bloated with crappy software nobody wants. I use the Asus mostly on my commute to and from work. So far I am impressed with everything except battery life, which others have noted is not the best. The display is great and I do like the operating system Asus uses more than what was on the Samsung. Still have bloatware but it doesn't seem as excessive as Samsung. Overall, a good tablet for what I do with it (videos, reading news) but it is no iPad. I feel like the combination of price, display and features make this a good value for a middle of the road tablet.
R32D0IXYRRCG95	5.0	Great tablet! Almost returned it ...	4	5	I ordered the 2GB tablet from Amazon along with a HOTCOOL case. At first I thought I had a defective tablet. Sometimes the screen would randomly go into sleep mode and go blank. I would push the power button to get out of sleep mode and sometimes it would immediately go blank again. After doing some research it seems that the magnet in some cases is too strong and when the cover is in the flipped open position to the backside of the tablet, it sometimes activates sleep mode. After disabling the smart close feature on the tablet, it fixed the issue. I could try and find another case that doesn't cause the issue, but for now I'll just use the tablet without smart close activated. After that was resolved I am really pleased with the performance.
R3J58ATQLTP500	2.0	I love the form factor	8	11	Am I the only one with app freezes here and hicups here? The screen will just go black in the middle of an app or game and will not come back on until I hold in the power button and it will resume in the same place it was in...until it does it again. I love the form factor, ram, storage, weight, fantastic display and speakers. I really miss no vibration alerts and Asus should have added the vibration motor on a tablet like this. The Antutu benchmark is 47,xxx but real world performance is much less. As much as I love all else about this tablet it will go back unless Asus pushes a patch or I can gain root and delete the TONS of bloatware. I'll go as far to say that the performance is worse than my recent Tab 3 8.0. Will try to factory reset and disable all I can to see if this fixes the issues.
R1X74JXFUZCC3L	4.0	Overall a very good tablet that takes great photos	1	1	This is a very nice tablet that is thin, lightweight, boasts surprisingly good sound from its internal speakers, a great visual display, and a port for a micro sd card to increase storage. On the less positive side, this tablet is not LTE/4G capable so you will need to connect to a WiFi network in order to utilize online services. Also, the tablet is powered by Android so you won't be using Adobe Flash-powered applications, which may be a problem for some in terms of versatility. There also seems to be an inordinate amount of preinstalled programs (just crappy, mostly unnecessary apps that I believe most consumers would rather decide for themselves whether or not they want or need them, and some are not all that simple to remove). Upon setup, you'll find that this junk software - the stuff we don't even have a choice to install or not - seems to be constantly updating and slowing down the system. It's not as if its unique or unusual for a computer manufacturer to bloat their product with garbage you'll never use, but it doesn't make it any less annoying. But overall this seems to be holding up pretty well (over a relatively short period of a few weeks, truth be told) so far. I have yet to be presented with many noteworthy issues. It's as intuitive and easy-to-use as the average device of this kind. Another very welcome plus is the excellent onboard camera (ASUS Pixelmaster), which does take quite awesome photos. Check the specs here on the product description, no real need to retype a laundry list of features. Suffice it to say that for general web applications, watching videos (and again, the video quality is really outstanding), and all the conveniences of a tablet, this is a solid choice and seems fairly priced given the features. The 8" screen is, for me, the right size of display, definitely not unwieldy to hold and not too small where you find yourself not able to enjoy videos etc. If I'm nitpicking, I find the location of the power button kind of annoying - it's right below the volume buttons, so if you go to adjust the volume down in a hurry you risk hitting the power button by mistake. Also, for some reason I find the power button a little iffy in terms of responsiveness - it doesn't always turn the tablet on right away, at least that seems to have been a pattern for me. But it's really not a major thing and hasn't preventing me from really enjoying the tablet.
R3E0K7WR9SXLOD	4.0	Great tablet, annoying bloatware, BOOOO to Amazon's Underground	3	4	When I opened the package, I LOVED this tablet. I've always liked the iPad mini's form factor. When I turned it on, however, I noticed that small blue"sparkles" light up randomly in lower left corner of the screen, and when that happens, the screen becomes FAR less responsive. Sometimes the sparkles show up, sometimes they don't. I suspect there is some sort of "short" is occurring. Updating the tablet didn't fix the problem. Sooo, I'm returning it for a replacement with the same item. Hopefully, the second one will be the charm! I will update this review after I get the second one. Addendum: After receiving a faulty first tablet, the second one arrived yesterday. I have been playing with it and configuring it for hours, and for the most part this is a great tablet. The only complaint that I have is a complaint that is shared by many who purchase these modern tablets: too much bloatware. Asus simply puts too much carp onto their tablets, and it is simply unnecessary. I previously owned both year’s versions of the Nexus 7, and the pure Android experience is clearly the way to go. I also have owned 2 Moto X smartphones, and they were only very lightly skinned by Motorola. These tablets and phones were fantastic. Asus please, please model your current tablets after the old Nexus 7 and give us a pure Android experience. This is why the tablet loses one star. My second complaint is with Amazon, and their “Underground” App store. When I loaded this on to the new tablet, it would not let me download any of the apps I purchased from Amazon previously, essentially stating that I had no apps either on the device or in the cloud. In order to get Amazon Instant Video on the device, I had to go to my computer, delete the app from “My apps” on the Amazon website, then go back to my Amazon Underground app and reinstall from there. I still don’t know what to do about all of the other apps that are still in the cloud in “My Apps” because if I delete many of them, they will never be retrievable. Amazon FIX THIS. A quick perusal of other comments demonstrates that I am not the only one having this difficulty. Overall though, this is a great little tablet. There is absolutely no lag, the screen is beautiful, and I think the 8 inch form factor is the perfect size. It should be noted that I got the 64 GB version, and I cannot comment on the lower-priced model. Overall then, kudos to Asus for a great tablet, with one star off for the bloatware, and BOOOO to Amazon for their stupid underground app that won’t let me get to the apps that I already own.
RRIQVMETEBFCG	3.0	Asus keeps quality in mind, but doesn't take it to heart	3	4	For the price, this is a gooddevice. It can handle almost any task with few if any issues of lag or stuttering. It's almost exactly "thin enough" -- light, easy to hold, but not so thin and light that you think you'll snap it in half. The display is crisp and bright, and it's that rare 4:3 ratio we're finally starting to see more often in Android devices. Battery life is good -- not quite as good as my old Nook HD+, but the standby times are phenomenal. I've only had a few issues with app incompatibilities due to the Intel x86 processor, though I've also had a few programs with clipping issues due to the display's aspect ratio (the version of Plants vs. Zombies in the Amazon app store, for instance, doesn't display properly). Unfortunately, the Zen UI is atrocious. Even with the ability to remove almost all of the innumerable preloaded applications, the skinning is garish, bloated, and counterintuitive. It hearkens back to the worst of Samsung's TouchWiz but with less customization. It's even worse when you realize that these customizations are going to delay -- or, as is the rage these days, indefinitely postpone -- any serious firmware updates. If this is running Android 6.0 before 2017, I'll eat my hat. Still, if you're looking for a 4:3 tablet with an 8 inch display and microSD expansion, this is just about the only game in town. I don't think the extra 2GB of RAM and 32GB of storage in the more expensive model are worth an extra $100, unless you demand the absolute maximum space availability. If you're like me, the price and form factor tick the most important boxes -- it's almost enough to overlook the software, but not quite.
R2CCK4EKU6LZN3	3.0	Beautiful screen. Audio popping is a disapointment.	1	1	Just received the tablet yesterday, so this is sort of a short review that I'll update as needed. PROS: Tablet is beautiful, no lag in launching apps or switching apps. Lots of onboard storage (I have the 32 gig version) Audio sounds good if you don't do anything else with the tablet (*see problem below, however). Almost a perfect tablet. CONS: * Rebooting on its own - A few hours after updating the tablet, I noticed that it rebooted itself. Somewhat concerned as at least one other person has noted this as an issue. Now I'll have to keep an eye out for other unscheduled reboots. * Audio clipping/popping when switching applications - This is a more annoying problem. When listening to audio (in my case, Spotify), doing anything else (switching apps, typing etc.) causes a noticeable clicking or hesitation in the audio. It's almost like the processor lags for a second when you're doing anything. I turned off the keyboard sounds and disabled the onboard audio enhancement/equalizer. Neither fixed the problem. It's reproducible every time when using Spotify (haven't tried other audio sources). CMAustinTX also reported this, so I doubt it's a one off problem.
R2T8ILOVKN386R	2.0	Great potential, but shuts down & hard to reboot	4	5	The specs and reviews are excellent - large storage & memory, lightweight, nice screen size, beautiful screen image, fast. But it would shut down randomly and then sometimes take up to an hour to reboot. Returned for refund.
R20DTS44V9EY2T	1.0	Not Ready for Primetime----Too many bugs	3	4	I was excited to get this tablet for the great price and specifications. It was disappointing when the touchscreen took 4-5 taps to respond and the keyboard was somewhat erratic.I then read a few reviews that indicated the touchscreen delay and poor response times were a problem and hopefully would be corrected with updates. I called Asus to discuss this known touchscreen problem and after much confusion and no help they denied knowing anything about an issue with the touchscreen they suggested returning the tablet. I got a replacement tablet that had similar touchscreen issues not as bad but the built in apps (i.e. gmail) would not respond to the settings and again after lot of trouble shooting I called Asus and once again received the run around, I was told the device was out of warranty (even though it was three day old.) I was put on hold while the issue was being researched and after 25min of being on hold I hung up an called back to no avail. Same absurd run around then the technician told me to call the place where I bought it to discuss the problems. I pointed out the manufacturer should address the performance problems of the product not the vendor. I returned device number two and all the accessories I bought to go with it. This is probably why Google fired Asus from manufacturing the Nexus 9 - poor quality control and inept- incompetent customer service.
R1NOGTYVPS9X9N	5.0	Nice looking mid-price tablet with a higher-end Intel CPU	5	7	There are so many tablet choices out there it can be hard to sort through them all. At the high-end there are the iPads and Surface and at the low end a lot of Android tablets you’ve never heard of. In this price point I would consider two options: name brand Android vs. Kindle Fire. For kids I buy Kindle Fires, which have excellent parental controls. For adults I suggest name-brand Android tablets which provide better performance and more flexibility than a Kindle Fire. Asus isn’t the only choice but it’s a good one. They have a long term reputation for quality but tend to be a better value than the bigger name brands like Samsung. I consider their quality on par with Samsung, well above Amazon, and step below Apple. The quad-core Intel CPU far out performs anything you will find in a Kindle Fire and compares well against higher end Samsung ARM based tablets. It does this at very low (~1.3GHz) clock speeds keeping leakage power loss to a minimum. This uses a Moorfield platform SOC which includes the excellent Silvermont cores. It’s a quad-core single threaded design. For graphics it has a PowerVR G6430 clocked around 450Mhz (same basic graphics found on the Apple A7 but a higher clock). I would rate this as a “mid-tier” graphics core that will handle anything Android will throw at it, but it would be underpowered if this was a Windows tablet. It fits with the price point but you will find better cores in higher-end Apple and Samsung products. I personally found the IPS screen to be excellent. It’s not quite on par with the Apple Retina display but it puts my Kindle Fire HDX to shame. I gave it to my kids and let them run a couple of their games and they had no issues with performance. I think for the price you are getting a pretty good tablet from a well know manufacturer. Minus catching a higher end Samsung on sale, I don’t think you’ll find a much better deal out there. If you are shopping around for an Android tablet I would not hesitate to buy this one.
R1KOX2FS7THZUO	5.0	Light but sturdy, and performs well. I would recommend it	5	7	This tablet turned out better than I imagined when it was first offered. Yes it had some quirks (I'll try to list them below), but overall it is lightweight, fast, and very capable. A job well done by ASUS. First of all the form factor, and ascetics seem to mimic a mixture of iPad mini, and the Galaxy Tab, which is a good thing. It has almost the same form factor (i.e: aspect ratio) of the iPad mini, and has a "fake" leather texture like the Samsung tablets on the back. The tablet itself is very lightweight even with a sturdy 2K screen. Overall, I would not have complaints in the physical form factor of the device, if it did not have the charging port at the right side, instead of the usual center. Speaking of the port, the device has the USB Type-C connector, which is very popular among the recent "flagship" devices. It will allow bidirectional access, and will probably cause us to replace all USB micro type connectors we have. It is fast (being USB 3.1), and I even tried to push it. When I connected my USB gaming headset using cheap OTG cable, it worked. Not only the sound, but the controls worked, ... to a point. It turns out the port does not provide a lot of outgoing power, so I'll need to find a USB OTG hub ((something like this). Anyways happy with the initial findings, I went on to try hdmi output, however it looks like the port does not support DP signal, this means no video out (except for wifi mirroring). Accessories is a concern in general for this device. Unfortunately the digitizer pen was not available when I received the tablet for review, and there was little known about compatible accessories (hence my experiments above). I was able to find a tempered glass screen protected, which was not perfect (as it is rated 4 stars here), and I was able to charge it at 2A with my trustworthy USB charger (this is more than the 1.5A charger that came with the box, so do this at your own risk). However I could not find a good folio case / keyboard combo. Yet, of course, it worked well with all the bluetooth devices I threw at it, including headsets, keyboards, etc. Finally the setup, and the UI is pleasant. It did not ask too many questions (but still could have been shorter), and has a nice battery watching system that will alert you about applications that drain power (for example it complained about a paused Netflix stream, which made sense). Performance wise the Atom chipset is not the fastest out there (there are existing Snapdragon 810 based devices on the market, yet they usually overheat, and even my older OnePlus One was able to beat it in many benchmarks). However when used in real life, I did not experience any sluggishness or stalling. Everything was very fluid. This could be due to a better internal flash storage, or graphics chipset, but still the package together is good performance wise. Also it did not overheat, which is a problem with some latest devices (as mentioned above). So the (minor) issues: - Pen not available, yet - No good folio cover on market, yet - No HDMI out (yet?) Good things: - Highly performant - Does not overheat - Bright, and pleasant screen - Lightweight - Good amount of memory (4GB RAM + 64GB storage) - Large enough battery - 4K video recording and nice camera for this form factor Overall the positives had much more weight for me, compared to the minor annoyances. I'm currently holding on for the digitizer pen arrival, and assuming it would be good I could rate it 5 stars out of 5.
R203DAKJN3HO8F	5.0	This tablet has been very responsive and a great value for the price	2	2	This tablet has been very responsive and a great value for the price. Apps load and work perfectly with no lag time. Would buy this again !!!
R3R44A9GP7FBBC	5.0	Excellent tablet, but has a good bit of blotware	1	1	Excellent tablet, but has a good bit of blotware. The new update allows you disable most of it. I like it just as much as the Samsung Tab S2, and it is $100 less! That was my deciding point. Great screen resolution, too. I really like the USB Type C plug, also. The 4gigs of ram and 64 bit processor on an Intel Atom chip makes for a fast tablet. The battery didn't last too long (about 3.5hrs of continuous use of videos/ music and social media with some Web surfing) until i started adjusting brightness and disabling us less running apps; now I can go about 6 hrs before needing to recharge. Lastly, I recommend replacing the wall charger to on that putsout at least 2.0 amps or you will be waiting quite a while to get a full charge. I haven't played with the blue tooth yet, but will on my upcoming trip to Orlando. Perfect size for flights
RK58Q0AFYJ2D4	2.0	Save your money.	3	4	Wow. For the price, I'd really like the Wi-Fi to actually connect for more than 10 seconds before it drops. When I powered it on the first time, it did a required update which cannot be downgraded via a simple factory reset, which I tried several times to no avail. Ever since, Wi-Fi connects and then immediately drops. Switched out my modem although all other devices connect without issue and still, no Wi-Fi. Factory resets and cache wipe did nothing to remedy this. In addition, this tablet is heavy. My 2013 galaxy note 8 weighs only an ounce more and is nearly the same footprint as this one. I'd have kept it if I could have gotten the Wi-Fi to work, but if I have to mess with it this much brand new, that's a red flag for me. Insane amount of bloatware as well which you cannot uninstall unless you root, which I didn't do. Not impressed.
R3UAGK0ENCVUI9	5.0	cheap price for great product.	1	1	Nice. Fast. Good looking. Well made. Fancy material. Good size and perfect for reading screen ratio. Battery long lasting but watch how many programs you keep in background. Vivid colors. Camera has no flash but this is not important for me. GPS works fast. Couldn't find plastic, one piece, cover for it. New type mini USB, you dont have to watch how you plug in. But this requires keeping extra cable for it. Not to fast battery charging. Volume is ok, sound is better quality than my 12.2" Samsung PRO ! For the price this is a steal. Great product. I will be using this tablet mainly as GPS replacement.
R2BI2YCVI7KFEQ	5.0	Best Android tablet on the market.	1	1	Best Android tablet on the market! I searched high and low for a tablet that had specs close to an iPad Mini and wouldn't break the bank. The only thing missing is an IR blaster. The screen is bright, sound is good (for a portable device), picture quality is excellent, and the processing speed is on point. I had a Samsung S8 but this tablet is far superior for far less money. The battery may not be the best but if you want a thin tablet, that is the price you pay. However, it lasts as well as the iPad mini my girlfriend has.
RWUYOKBMF4GBS	5.0	Great tablet at a great price	1	1	The device is well made and I can actually hold it comfortably in one hand. It is thin and not bendy, unlike a newer iPhone. Great stereo sound with a big beautiful screen. It comes with a ton of storage space and free 5GB of ASUS storage plus free Google Drive storage. The 4GB of RAM is needed as it takes up about half for the OS and ZenUI. The UI itself is actually pretty good and some of bloatware can be useful and some apps can be uninstalled. Overall, for $300 this tablet is a great deal. I hope it gets Android 6.0, soon...
R18ITDSE2XNQV5	5.0	Best Tablet Ever!	1	1	I love this tablet. It is super fast. Keeps up with the $400 plus tables out there, plus there is an micro sd card slot. This tablet is comparable to Samsung and Apple products in terms of quality and speed but not as expensive. The only problem I have with this tablet is the Asus apps, but you can disable them in the settings so all is well. This is a top of the line tablet at a very competitive price and I mean very for what you get. Stop looking at Apple and Samsung and save yourself some money.
R46VT4YI3B0RD	4.0	The 7 inch tablets are snapped more like phones? 10 inch tablets are snapped like a ...	3	4	Can't complain. This is actually my 3rd tablet. My first was a 7 inch kindle fire. My second was a 10 inch iPad 4. This is my third. I go to say.. the 8 inch screen and modern styling makes this tablet really ideal. The 7 inch tablets are snapped more like phones? 10 inch tablets are snapped like a flat screen monitor. The 8 inch screen is like using a mini 10 inch tablet... if that makes sense. The performance is amazing. Though it kind of feels like a slug it does not lag when playing games and when using it intensively.
R3BRAYDSJ2CUGJ	5.0	A really nice, inexpensive tablet with a stunning screen	1	1	For an inexpensive tablet, the screen is absolutely stunning. While we aren't hardcore tablet gamers, it seems to handle everything we can throw at it with aplomb. It is perfect for a grade-school student, as it isn't too big, and better, it isn't too expensive. I like that it already has 32 GB RAM, which should be enough. However, if it isn't, its got a card slot for extra storage.
RIMR09YJ5TTM7	5.0	Buy it, best 'affordable' andriod tablet	1	1	Had bought a lenovo and had to return is because it developed problems and the customer service was taking forever to fix it. This is just awesome. Well worth the money! My only issue is that I dont like the 4:3 aspect ratio as much as the 16:9. I love watching edge-edge videos, soemthing you cant do with 1080 videos on a 4:3 format.
R1E1VHQ7N5Y5LQ	5.0	Nice quality, good bargain	1	1	Quality meet expectations. Speed nice. Screen crisp, though not as sharp as Samsung. Seldom crash. Music quality high, but Samsung better. Weak point in Asus pads and phones is in Bluetooth connectivity, but this one is the best within the family. Cost reasonable, nice bargain. Not worried about memory with this 64GB.
R3BBS67QC4X08W	4.0	Great product for the price!!	1	1	Excellent tablet for the price, it has everything i expected and it works fine. It has s lot of Asus apps pre-installed, some of them are good, some of them not so much, you just need to get used to them. Overall great product for the price. The only thing that kind of sucks is the camera, but hey.. Its a tablet.
R1VZBD2LPIQKDJ	5.0	Nice upgrade	1	1	This tablet is replacing a tired 2012 Nexus 7. The new tablet is snappy and great for doing forms and check lists along with watching movies. The Z stylus is quite amazing and adds even more versatility to the tablet. Battery life is good with heavy use the tablet has lasted all day.
R3OAZZER0BBK34	2.0	Screen isn't bright,Lots of Google Service Errors (fresh out of the box), & It's Smaller Than I Pictured it, but it Sounds Great	0	0	I was so excited to try this tablet out for a few reasons. The screen resolution and that I could (mistakenly) use their new Z Stylus with it. I was also curious about trying a 4x3 sized screen as I've only used the 16x9 ones. There were problems with each of those things among others. Including getting multiple "google play services has stopped" errors!!! It probably happened 3 times a day. Not cool. The only great thing about this tablet was the sound. The DTS front facing speakers had the best sound of any tablet I've used. It sounded great. The screen resolution was great for viewing photos, but it made the text very small and setting a larger text wouldn't work in all apps. If a webpage had mixed sizes of font (which I realized they all seem to) then it was a nightmare to get it so the tiny text was readable without the larger text being huge. Speaking of the screen... It's so so dim. You have to crank it way up around 70% to get the brightness that all my phones and past tablets have when set to around 30%. The screen was beautiful when the brightness was set high, but I know that'd cut my battery time way down. The 4x3 size was very awkward, hurt my hand when I held it in bed, and since the 8 inches was measured on a 4x3 instead of a 16x9 it made the tablet look tiny. Way smaller than I was picturing it. I was totally disappointed at that point and the google play services stopping was a concern, but I would have overlooked all of that because I'm using this for my art, so I thought I'd wait until I got my stylus from Asus before making a decision. As I was reading some reviews while waiting for it to arrive I realized that the Z Stylus didn't work with my version of the tablet. You'll never believe this.. when you put this tablet in the cart on the ASUS webpage it shows the stylus (and a cover) as "Suggested Add-Ons". The only thing is that their brand new awesome stylus doesn't actually work with this tablet!!! It only works with the $300 version of this tablet. They wasted so much of my time with that stylus suggested add-on. If they thought they'd be clever and make the stylus not work with this version hoping that I'd spring for the more expensive version of this tablet it didn't work. Watch out when trying to find information on google because they only have a single letter that differentiates this one and the $300 one so it sends you to the more expensive tablet even though I typed in the correct tablet model number . I was expecting to get the Blur-Free motion, intelligent contrast, and sharpness optimization let alone having the Z Stylus work on my version. I had my parents and a friend both get an ASUS laptops and another friend got their nexus tablet because of my suggestions, and I've got an ASUS router. Unless ASUS really tried to win me over as a customer again I will never buy another ASUS product. I have multiple sclerosis and can't digitally paint as fast as I use to so I needed the extra week and a half that having to send my tablet and stylus back and wait for the refund has cost me.
R3807B3A9RGFPF	3.0	Great at first, then not so much...	0	0	My wife got this for me for my birthday last week, after I had put it on my wish list. When setting it up, some odd things happened, namely I could not sync any of my Amazon purchased apps, it would show none on My Apps menu, but if I tried to DL and install an app that happened to be on the list, Amazon would well me to go find it in My Apps, that I already owned the app. I did not get that fixed before the next issue cropped up, that does not appear to be software related, and it is a major one. I use this both while plugged in for long term usage (like listening to music in my office at work or watching Prime TV shows while at lunch) and on battery (like if I am relaxing on my couch at home or need to move out of range of the very short 1m cable). This issue first cropped up while using my S8.0 while at my desk, just out of range of the cord while on a conference call. Battery level dropped to 98%, which is to be expected, then went back up to 100% and stayed there for a very long while, several hours. I then used the S8.0 at home later that evening, with the battery level STILL showing 100%, and the screen just froze, everything was unresponsive. I grabbed the supplied charger (1.4A, not 2.0A or higher as supported by USB 3.0/3.1) and plugged it in expecting to be able to use it momentarily. I could not. I had to wait 15+ minutes before it would turn back on, and the battery showed 2% but charging. After about a half hour of showing 2%, it jumped up to 100%, fully charged. I continued using it while plugged in, everything was fine. At work this week, I used it to listen to music each day, again while plugged in (I'm at work for 10+ hours normally). I tried to use it at home on battery, and as soon as battery level hit 98%, it froze up. Plugged in the charger, eventually it showed a full charge. I tried to use it again on the battery, and again once it hit 98% it froze, except this time it was no longer taking a charge, showed 9% battery level but charging, even though it was not. I tried to use it yesterday on battery power, and I ended up doing a factory reset because it showed 9% battery, charging (but battery level not increasing and the charger itself remained cool to the touch). Later in the evening, I tried my Samsung GS5 (genuine) charger (known working charger), again the S8.0 would not take a charge even though it said it was charging. Factory reset AGAIN. AGAIN, same issue. Tried the latest Asus firmware update (from Nov. 18), no change in behavior and it also had trouble installing, possibly due to the battery issue. My 4GB/64GB model is being returned, and Amazon is sending one to replace it. I sincerely hope that this issue is not pervasive to the model, as I will be greatly disappointed. This is not my first Asus device (I only use Acer, Asus or Dell for home and work with great success), so this was a MAJOR disappointment. The ONLY reason why I gave this 3 stars was that when it works, it is fantastic with an awesome screen, otherwise it would have gotten 1 star. If the replacement encounters the same problem, I will revise my review and drop the star count. If the replacement remains trouble free, I will also revise my review. One note, I am going to try and do all of the operating/firmware updates prior to doing ANY app installs. I am also going to use a longer 2m USB cable with the replacement S8.0 when it arrives. 1m is fine for just charging, or transferring data between two devices, but not if you need/want to use the device while plugged in to a wall outlet.
R213P7IELLDRC4	5.0	A lot of tablet for the price.	2	3	I have had a Google Nexus 7 for a few years and since that was made by ASUS, I looked at this as the next generation of that tablet. Besides being larger, it noticed immediately that the screen is more responsive to touch, both with my fingers and with a stylus. I must not be picky or very observant because I don't see much difference between the Zen UI that has gotten some poor reviews and the stock Android UI. Yeah, it is a little different, but after about 30 seconds, I didn't think about it anymore. I use this to play games and stream some Netflix and Dish Network TV. So far, it has been flawless and picture is very clear. I have also listened to some music and was pleasantly surprised by the sound from the tiny speaker- nothing great, but the clarity was good, with individual instruments being discernable instead of just getting a jangle of sound. Battery life is not really any better than the Nexus 7, which is a little disappointing as I expected improvement, but I can usually get thru a day before recharging and I use the screen for gaming and/or tv for several hours each day. I also like the USB-c charger connection as there is no wrong way to insert the cable. I always get it wrong with my old tablet and current phone. The only negative I have found - and this is picky, is the on/off and volume buttons on the side are a bit hard for me to press. I wish they stuck out just a bit more. Sometimes I am not precise and nothing happens. I am glad I have a cover that automatically turns it on when I open the cover, as hitting the button precisely is a challenge for me. I really have to turn it on its side, look at it and make sure I hit it just with my fingernail to make the volume go up or down.
R2KJWJNXV16A0K	3.0	Almost a great tablet, except for a HUGE flaw..	4	6	**Update, 11/25/2015 Within a few days of writing my original review, I believe I found a way around the extremely broken WiFi issue. My home wireless network uses 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands (dual band). I had both networks saved in my device, and it seemed that the tablet just didn't know what to do with this, so it would blow it's brains out periodically and lose it's ability to transfer data over the network. I removed one of the saved access points, and everything has been working pretty well! I haven't had a connection issue in the past 2 weeks since I did this. I still consider this a flaw in the software, as my previous tablet and my phones have never had this issue. One other issue that I have discovered is the screen will not register input while running certain apps. I have really noticed this in the YouTube app, when watching a video in full-screen. When I try to tap the screen to bring up the controls, nothing happens. I usually have to tap anywhere from 3-7 times until I get a response. These are both issues that I highly recommend Asus investigate. I don't believe that my unit is defective, and device test apps work perfectly. I am upgrading my rating from 1 star to 3. This is a fine product, but it seems that there has been an oversight when it comes to quality testing on the software. ORIGINAL REVIEW, 11/04/2015: This is a review of the Z580CA Model (4GB RAM/64GB), with 5 days of use as of 11/4/2015. Pros: - Solid Performance - Beautiful Screen - Decent battery life - USB Type-C connection Cons: - Frequent wireless connection issues (Deal Breaker!) - Tons of Bloatware (some of which can be completely uninstalled, which is nice) - Jumpy/ faulty sensors (magnetometer) -Long charge time (sometimes?) The tablet performs very well. I haven't run anything too heavy, but for general use it works great so far. The tablet is responsive and operation is smooth. 1 star for Asus! ZenUI is interesting. It resembles the stock Android UI, with a few improvements/ additional functionality. I am a fan of the automatic "Smart grouping" feature, which will place newly installed apps into category folders. It took me a little while to get used to it, but now I really like it. Star for Asus! The screen is crisp and colorful. I haven't noticed any blurring or pixelation of graphics or text. Brightness has a wide range from fairly dim to very bright. The screen is easy to view outside during the day, but can be a little bright at night. Using a screen dimmer app has remedied this, and keeps me from lighting up the room with the screen's back-light while reading in bed. Another star for Asus! The battery lasts a good amount of time. Generally, I will run it down to 75% from a couple hours of browsing Reddit, watching YouTube videos, reading news articles, etc. The tablet is listed as having an 8 hour battery life, and that seems to be exactly what I'm getting from it! The only drawback regarding the battery is that it can take a long time to charge. Going from 80% to 100% can take about 30-40 minutes. When I first received the tablet, charge level was at around 55%, and it took around 3 hours to fully charge. At that charge rate, you would have to charge the device for over 6 hours to get around 8 hours of general use. While this is not a huge concern, it can be quite an inconvenience! We'll call this one a tie, Asus.. I also appreciate the Type-C USB connection. Gone are the days where you have to worry about which way you're plugging in the USB cable! This is a double edged sword though, as now I need to buy USB C cables/ adapters, but I foresee many more devices moving to this new connector type in the very near future. I wish that the included 3ft cable was longer, but I can't really take points off for that! Yet another star for Asus! I was a little disappointed when I found out that YouTube 360 videos, Street View, and Sky Map don't work well, but this is due to not having a gyroscope sensor, and is not a testament to anything being wrong with the device. Saying that, the magnetometer is very jumpy, and can change up to 8 degrees while sitting on a table, which seems like a hardware/ software issue. In comparison, my phone's magnetometer reading will vary about 2 degrees when placed in the same conditions. I have attempted to calibrate the magnetometer (multiple times) which has not improved the issue.. -1 Point for Asus.. Here's the thing that is unforgivable: WiFi is broken. I can initially connect without issue, but anywhere from a few seconds to minutes after connecting, I can no longer access anything on the local network or reach the internet. Other devices on WiFi will work at the time, but the ZenPad will show that it's still connected and will no longer "surf". This issue is present on multiple networks/ access points, and occurs on both 2.4GHz and 5GHz networks. To remedy this, I have to turn off WiFi in settings, then turn it back on (or disconnect/ reconnect to the same network). This will fix it for anywhere from a couple of minutes or longer, with an average of 20-30 minutes between occurrences. Occasionally, I will see the WiFi indicator in the status bar disconnect then reconnect, which *sometimes* fixes the problem, but manually reconnecting is the only thing that definitely seems to fix for a short amount of time. This issue occurs during use, while charging, and while sleeping. Two factory resets have not improved the situation at all, and the tablet is updated to the latest firmware. -100 stars.. This one is unforgivable... Due to the WiFi issue, I cannot currently recommend the Zenpad S 8.0 to anyone. I will be returning this tablet to Amazon for a replacement. I hope that I just have a faulty unit, and that a replacement will not have this problem. I will update my review once my unit has been replaced. My Rating as of 11/4/2015: 1 star (0 stars, if it were possible)
R23S6TELKIUN0V	4.0	Yea love it! Screen is very bright	1	1	Yea love it! Screen is very bright, clear and easy to read. Great viewing angle s. The home, back, and recent apps button feel like they are taking up screen space. Charging is also a little slow, but the screen time is great.
R3MRIQK89C9RKL	5.0	Great tablet, I use it for school every day ...	1	1	Great tablet, I use it for school every day with auto adjust 50% brightness and the battery generally lasts until the night time. Only annoying part is no flash player with chrome, but that's not the tablets fault.
R2A10OU1UVHBR2	5.0	Great deal!	2	3	I was not expecting much for a $200 tablet, but I wanted something lightweight that can handle pretty all the mundane stuff: reading, email, web, chat, etc. This one with 2 GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage appealed to me as many (most?) tablets in this price range cheapen out on RAM and usually offer only 1 GB. Pros: - The screen is gorgeous, bright colors and good contrast; - Very light and thin, doesn't feel fragile tho; - Battery holds up to its advertised 8-hour duration; - Roomy 32 GB storage + 100 GB Google Drive for 2 years (Asus also gives away some cloud storage, as well as Amazon); - Overall build quality is decent, it's all plastic but it feels sturdy enough; - Runs everything in a snappy fashion so far - $200 for this level of quality is a great deal! Cons: - The pre-installed stuff is a little overwhelming, however it's not all bad; - As I read through instructions to "root" this tablet in order to get rid of some undesirable apps to free up space and RAM, I found out much of the "crap" is baked in and can only be disabled; again, not a great surprise to me as many manufacturers do this! - The cameras are pretty bad (dark, grainy, feels like you've been thrown back to your first camera phone from 10 years ago), if you care about that on a tablet (I don't, personally);
R3JP7036OXA55K	5.0	Really liked this tablet	1	1	Really liked this tablet. Beautiful screen, good sound, powerful processor. The biggest plus of this tablet is the design. Nice and cheap tablet. All I recommend.
R2MSZPON4PU6F2	5.0	Fantastic!	1	1	This tablet is the perfect size, its metal ,has an anti scratch material on the back, the screen is super bright and, it's as light as a feather.
R2JGXJ5AGSARKH	2.0	Buyer Beware: Possible Backlight Bleed Issue From What Otherwise Appears to be a Good Tablet For the Money	2	3	Giving it two stars for now. Tablet does all it's supposed to do for the limited time I had it, and it works well for the little bit of experimenting I did. But, it seems to have an inherent problem. With some research, I discovered that in quite a few of Asus' tablets and laptops, the backlight bleeds through terribly. In my case, the tablet came defective in this manner. The backlight bleeds through the bottom of the screen, making it impossible to read books, stream movies, look at pictures, etc..without the black/white patterns screaming through the bottom. It's way too distracting and hopefully just a defective model that I received. I am currently in the process of returning/replacing with Amazon. Hopefully this review will turn from 2 stars to 4 or 5 stars soon. Wish me luck. Thank you.
RMGM89OD8AIU2	5.0	Great tablet & great price!	2	3	Been using the tablet for a week now and I love it. The interface is very smooth between changing screens and apps.The ZenUI allows you to choose the look you want with fonts and icons. The power button gave me some trouble the first few days with where its located and pressing on it seems to be a hassle cause you have to press it just right. But that was fixed when to wake & sleep, all you have to do is double tap the screen twice. It does come with some apps that are useless but I've been able to uninstall those without a root and since last week when I got it, it has updated twice. There is a Asus support app on the tablet for any problems you might encounter and a message board that helps somewhat with the apps that come with it.
R38I1AIIJSAXP5	5.0	I love the design the price and the interface	1	1	I love the design the price and the interface. Just like my asus phone. Starting to like Asus products now.
R1AD3S520DOA5S	5.0	Great value for this price	1	1	Great tablet for this price. Never seen a gps than fast in a tablet. He give me a position in seconds.
RRSXZHAL2GOYQ	4.0	Good value for the money	0	0	Nice size, light weight, easy to hold. Good display. Familiar Android apps. I had a lot of trouble with brightness, until I figured out that it is controlled in like three places. In particular, inside the Kindle reading app, where I needed more brightness. OK now. The power button is awkwardly placed, and difficult to find. I know where it is, but it's tough to find. I use Android on my phone, and have an iPad also. This is my first Android pad, and it takes some getting used to. I must say that this little pad works great; no issues, fast, light, pretty. I miss some of the apps from my iPad though.
R3MX58BNR33R3H	4.0	Beautiful, thin for awesome price	2	3	I've had this tablet for about 2 weeks now. I bought as a replacement for an aging Nexus 7 2013 ( which I love!). I picked ASUS because they manufactured the Nexus 7 Pros Thin, beautiful display, tight audio and power ports, price! Cons Audio interface effects glitchy, power and volume buttons square edges / not rounded, long boot time, bloatware. Feel as though despite added power and ram, this tab stutters a bit too much. All and all am happy with purchase 😀
RSLHO5S2NF8X9	5.0	No big complaint	0	0	This is a very good tab. It has VA ery nice "retina" display although it is just a bit dimmer than what I like it to be in certain lighting conditions at auto brightness. I guess Samsung displays had me spoiled. Its UI is very snappy although I did not have many apps installed and really didn't spend much time with it. One thing I do hate about Asus is that Asus preinstalls crop load of apps I never use and will probably never use. But I won't take off a star for that reason. I may be wrong but this is the best tablet at this price point.
R4SVVMLLB0ZO1	3.0	It found the truck setting just fine but I am having trouble in my home installing ...	0	0	It works well but I have yet to master the things that I want to do. You have to really search for the PDF instruction file. This is my first tablet and it was purchased for use in my new truck that is Wi-Fi equipped. It found the truck setting just fine but I am having trouble in my home installing the router password and it won't let me start over.I went on line and can't find any company help. I'm old and it's new so that may be part of the problem.
R323IN5RVI2RAC	5.0	A great tablet for anyone!	1	1	Even more than expected! Great device at the right price!
R3Q1NM8QROBOR9	5.0	Popped a 64gb sdxc card into this and works like a charm	0	0	Popped a 64gb sdxc card into this and works like a charm. Processor speed is definitely fast enough and size is perfect. Android OS is snappy, though I'm not a huge fan of Asus skin. Gesture controls are a very nice touch though, and there's a kiddie mode to keep the kids out of trouble. Bought this as an upgrade to Asus 7. For the money, you cannot find better features. SD card slot and front facing speakers did it for me.
R3PV7S8CCOI3EC	5.0	Well worth the money	0	0	This has the look and feel of a flagship product. All the features are easy to access and the speed in impressive. The weight and thinness of the design is nice. From unbox to totally up and running everything from my old tablet took no time at all. Very price attractive given that it competes with tables that only have 16GB for the same or higher costs. Great performance!
R11G6FA46CAF9S	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Great tablet does just what I need works great..
R2NCT58UW8W1P1	4.0	Really happy with my tablet.	0	0	Really nice tablet, it performs really well, is fast enough for daily use, and it can support a big number of games without lagging, really nice tablet I really like i, the camer is not the best, but that is something I dont need so I dont care :P and to me "impartial" with the review the not that good camera, is 4 starts.
R1660QHM0JW3MT	5.0	Best value for the money	0	0	Decided to go with ASUS instead of Samsung or iPad.Liked the features it offered and the high screen resolution, and the fact that it ran Android 5.0 OS. It was also less expensive than either Samsung or iPad. It runs very smoothly and has excellent battery life. I recommend it.
R2QF3PJMXJR3S9	4.0	The hardware is excellent, but expect to spend time removing an deactivating ...	0	0	The hardware is excellent, but expect to spend time removing an deactivating the piles to crapware that comes preinstalled. Expect to install a different launcher as well. Even considering the lost time getting the device up to snuff the device is worth the money.
R2BUU88U6SRRRU	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Great Value for Price! recommended!
R15VCVEFU677R3	5.0	Completely worth my money	0	0	I was a bit worried because the battery was draining kind faster then expected. But after all the in app updates and 3rd party app updates were done, I restarted the tablet, and the battery last for ever. This is my first tablet, and I'm not disappointed.
RJKDRFVZJMDX7	5.0	Easy to Root. Great Tablet. Thank you.	0	0	Works great. Fast, good RAM Pros: RAM, Disk space, Easy to Root! (xda forum) Cons: bloatware (easy to remove once rooted) and usb port seems fragile would recommend to anyone needing a new tablet for the price range.
R2SV0TVB16KS0C	4.0	very light	0	0	So far so good have 5 tablets still evaluate this one beautiful screen great sound, Asus is a great brand always look for them first when making a computer purchase. More later only owned a month
R1SHU65UDZJD7J	5.0	Fantastic tablet	0	0	I love this ZenPad. The screen is gorgeous, it's fast, responsive and feels elegant in my hands. I'm glad I bought it and will be buying more for Christmas presents. It's a fantastic tablet.
R2ZAVEKJVO3JTT	4.0	Not perfect but nno regrets	1	2	THE GOOD Screen: Beautiful colors and crisp 2k display Speed: 4gb RAM, Atom z3580 Lightness, thickness and size Screen Ratio: 4:3 Does not feel cheap Price Storage Size (64GB) Double tap to wake up: This solves and of the bad things THE BAD Power Button: It does not click when pressed so you can tell you actually pressed it Faulty audio jack: Tried one of my headphones and when I accidentally touched the connection with them connected it acted like I pushed a meddia button. Will try with other and update this. Minimum screen brightness: I wish you make it a little bit darker THE MEH Asus software Battery: With moderated use maybe a day THE "I CAN LIVE WITH" Accesories: In this case there not too much case options Sound: Asus show this tablet's dolby sound off too that much you expect great sound but its only ok and actually for all media I use headphones
R1OCZHKYNTUQ2A	4.0	This is an excellent tablet for the money	0	0	This is an excellent tablet for the money. However, it takes an extremely long time to charge at around 4 hours. A major plus is the photo quality of the pictures.
R1A17MXHTRT44T	3.0	Minor white spot in screen and massive glare and screen reflection,... but good	1	2	Extremely faint white spot on the black screen under camera in upper right. Returning for replacement before gets worse and I can't return. although barely noticeable, the screen and colors should be immaculate, so I don't feel bad about being extremely picky and anal about something so minor. I want perfection on a new tablet. The slightest imperfection is grounds for return. I notice when turning on tablet when screen is black. Aside from that, good luck seeing the screen outside or even in car as the screen has massive glare and reflection... even when watching movie in car, I saw my reflection more than the movie. Aside from these things its good and worthy of another try. * also, chromecast keeps freezing, dropping out and disappearing from this tablet when it goes into sleep mode; I gotta keep rebooting it.!!!!!!!! my other tablet works fine and its older.*
RTXBQR1EPQEZN	5.0	Awesome Tablet for the form factor, crisp screen, good battery life and very responsive!	0	0	Superb tablet for the price; it feels great in the hand, screen is super crispt and overall very responsive. My son loves it!
R296W9LWY9G5VG	5.0	Excellent Tablet	0	0	Lots of memory and storage, won't run out of space for a long, long while. I think I've given up Sammies for Asus.
RYYP8E9OAJYFW	4.0	Good Alternative to a Nexus 9	1	2	This is a great tablet for someone looking for a cheaper alternative to the Nexus 9. Good points: Price Speakers in front Very Light to hold 2 - 3 days with Medium usage easy Does not feel cheap Bad Points: Comes with some bloatware Only android 5.0 (should have been at least 5.1 out of the box) Conclusion: I am very happy with this purchase. Asus did it again! a good product at decent price. :)
R39X8IJMHBRPNM	5.0	A very good tablet with a high quality screen resolution as described ...	1	2	A very good tablet with a high quality screen resolution as described in the product's description and with a lot options and flexibility to install and uninstall software and work around it. It has SD slot for an external storage. The battery life is very good if you follow the basic power saving procedure and battery charging. I love it. ASUS is my number one choice for computer technology.
RYYTXKZOSTBFW	5.0	Love it.	0	0	Really sick table and strong , you should get one of this too!! Love it.
R1FDNB1W4IA5YS	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	The screen of my zenpad is broken, how I can repair it. How to contact.
R2769A85SDRWDQ	2.0	Bloatware Beware and Other Problems	2	4	I love Asus, so it kills me to write this review. I think they tried to do too much with this tablet, but the end result is a tablet which is often too frustrating to use. I’ve been using it for over a month now along with the Z Stylus, so here it goes: Cons: Tons of bloatware which cannot be removed. You'll die of old age as you are constantly forced to update a bunch of apps which you will never use. The app manager takes some getting used to (for example, the Kindle app wouldn't run properly until I adjusted some settings in the manager after consulting with Amazon customer support). Image galleries will not load properly regardless of which app I use, and the built in gallery will just stop loading. I thought perhaps it was due to corrupted files, but I have no problem loading them on other devices. (Fast Image Viewer will load all of the files, but it’s a very basic app with limited features, so no copy or move functions.) Z Stylus is not as smooth or responsive as Samsung's S Pen. I didn't know how bad it was until I recently fired up my Note Pro and realized how jittery the Z Stylus was in comparison. This is a big deal because the main reason I bought this thing was to have a sketch pad more portable than my Note Pro 12.2. Battery life isn't great. The Z Stylus won't work properly while the tablet is charging. It skips and stops working until you disconnect the charger. This means no drawing or taking notes while the thing is charging. If I set the Z Stylus on top of the tablet while the tablet is sleeping (with the cover in place) the tablet stays in Pen mode and needs to be rebooted. I've already drained a stylus battery because of this. Pros: The screen is beautiful. Videos seem to play smoothly. Other than the image galleries, most apps seem to work fine. I like the size of the tablet. It’s small enough to be portable, and large enough to be useable (even with the jittery stylus). For most things, however, I'll stick with my Samsung Note Pro.
R2LGKGSJ5K5SZ0	4.0	Good but not great pad.	1	2	The jury is still out on this new Asus ZenPad S 8. At times the touchscreen function does not work unless there are repeated taps. The stylus for this device is in short supply and in high demand. Can't locate one yet. This might help it's functionality at US$30 more. One call to support department was positive with short wait time.
R3U3QRSZ0YBSBO	5.0	I really liked it ... unfortunately for me ... my wife Loved it. Now its hers.	1	2	I bought this to replace an aging nexus 7. My wife decided she needed it worse than I, after she saw me using it to stream to chromecast and running some videos from YouTube to our new TV. Guess I'll be ordering up another one soon. It works perfectly for our use patterns. We are very pleased.
R21C087TJQ80FG	5.0	Best tablet out there now!	0	0	Fast ...fast....excellent graphics...🌈 totally usable..
R1HZQM8349I6U	5.0	Very Happy!	0	0	After one month everything works as it should.
R2TP9LEMV3I026	5.0	Great tablet	0	0	Really good tablet. Price value is awesome!
R3QTVPAJ0LY513	4.0	A very nice tablet for the price	1	2	It's thin, light, (relatively) inexpensive, and the screen is gorgeous. However, it's hindered by Asus's interface, which actually slows performance, and frankly isn't as nice as "pure" android.
RVCMP2SX7OAC7	2.0	Mediocre tablet	4	7	A few issues that made me return this ZenPad within a couple of weeks of getting it: - It was slow (browsing, keyboard, etc.), even compared to my now defunct Nexus 7. - It was buggy: for some reason the "recent apps" button kept pressing itself, rendering the tablet useless. - I was not thrilled with the 4:3 form factor (found it harder to hold with one hand) - Battery life was not that great - and recharge times were very long. - The display sharpness and colors were nice, but that was about it overall.
RG8P3IHJH5TXL	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	I have enjoyed this tablet very much.
R3QO09J5O1TRRA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Priced well. Does everything I need.
R1GXU2GOL2KB0U	5.0	It's good	1	2	This device is very capable, and for the money I don't think it can be beat. It is noticeably faster than my HTC One m8. Great motion on videos and can multitask just fine.
R83YZRA11W4XO	4.0	So far it's great. My main goals for a tablet are pretty ...	2	4	So far it's great. My main goals for a tablet are pretty basic - Kindle app, Netflix, Plex, Chrome, Amazon Music Player, Google Maps and a few games. I'm using this for my work bag as it fits nicely in the side pocket and I don't worry about a case. The speed is zippy - apps launch quickly and the screen display is nice. The 64gb storage is excellent, I'm no where near half full and I have everything I want on it. I have had to reset it (reboot) a few times while loading my apps - Once it seemed to freeze and the other time I couldn't tell is the UI glitched but I could get out of the apps screen, nothing would launch. The lollipop os is nice - much better than the last time I used an android tablet.
R1ON0I06KL56Z1	5.0	Fantastic tablet. It's fast	1	2	Fantastic tablet. It's fast, super clear screen, and good battery life. I love the USB-C connection.it is so easy to plug it in at night with low light.
R2U6MIWGLVVPAY	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	A great tablet for the price.
R4165AL3O7PH3	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very happy with the tablet.
RJOO17FPHR9K8	4.0	Excellent tablet	0	1	I had concerns before I bought this tablet regarding the display and all the ZenUI bloatware. The display is very bright, and removing the bloatware from the screen took fifteen minutes. The ZenUI apps can easily be disabled so they do not run in the background, they just are not a problem. I've found two of them to actually be useful. The battery is too small. If you can live with this limitation, this is an excellent tablet with a beautiful display, fast processor, lots of RAM, more than enough internal memory and a slot for a micro SD card. The 4:3 aspect ratio 8 inch display is ideal for my purposes, the thin bezels make a large enough screen but a small enough tablet. It's very light and easy to hold with one hand, an ideal ebook reader, great for web browsing and social media, and the exceptional amount of internal and external memory makes it ideal for storing a large music and video library for offline use, as well as maps for navigation off the grid. The aspect ratio is not optimized for today's movies and television, so 21st century video will be letterboxed. The speakers are not bad, there is a special Asus ZenUI app for equalization that you should keep handy if you listen to music or watch movies without headphones. They don't compare to HTC Boomsound speakers, but they're alright. If you can afford the extra hundred dollars, get the model with the faster processor and extra RAM, you'll be happier with it, and it will last a year or two longer before becoming obsolete. I looked at many tablets to replace my Nexus 10, and chose this over the Nexus 9 because it has much more internal memory and an external micro SD card slot. I think I made the right choice and will be happy with this tablet for years to come.
RR911PZNUB3MZ	5.0	Awesome!!	2	4	Great tablet, I have had many asus tablets over the bears and this is the best, crime the speed all the way to the design of the tablet. I love the Zen UI it gives it that nice luxury look. Super light and thin, I've only have on concern about it, it's so thin that I've had the back pop of just by being bent a little but this was fixed with the case I got for it which I would recommend getting.
R14SJGVL3GKP7P	5.0	iPad Mini 3 killer	5	9	The screen is the same size and resolution and ratio as the iPad Mini 3. It looks as good. The thickness is the same. Both the ipad mini 3 and the Asus ZenPad S come with similar configurations of ram and storage. The intel proccessor in the Asus is quite fast, and the ipad isn't a slouch itself. On specs alone it is a virtual tie. The choice between them will come down to price, service, and preference. The Asus ZenPad S is cheaper, so that's a clear win. Apple service is hard to beat. iOS vs Android will be debated forever, personally I prefer Android but if you prefer iOS the iPad comes with that. Overall I'd take this Asus ZenPad S over the iPad mini 3. It's cheaper and runs Android while being equivalent quality and specs. Great little tablet.
RR6P4PL3R6AMA	5.0	... this snappy even with the bloat and it looks great to boot	1	2	4G of ram makes this snappy even with the bloat and it looks great to boot!
R28VRR4M1WUTFJ	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet
RNXGN0GUU7G97	5.0	Probably the best 8" Android tablet in this price range, best overall value period	1	3	Fantastic tablet for the price and in this class. Who it's for: My 10-year old daughter has been using an old ipad 2 to watch youtube and play games (minecraft, temple run games, etc.). The ipad 2 has been slowing down, and because it is only 16gb of memory she has filled it up with apps and pictures multiple times, it slows down even more and has required me to go in multiple times to do mass deletions of stuff. So, with her birthday coming up she asked for an ipad mini as a replacement for the ipad. Problem is the 16gb ($400) current ipad mini doesn't have enough memory, and jumping up the next size to 64GB ($500) is just too much money to spend on a youtube/gaming consumption device for a 10 year old who will beat the hell out of this thing. So, after looking at the current crop of 8" android tablets, this was the cheapest one with decent specs that got good reviews. We ordered the 32GB version along with a 32GB micro SD card. Experience: I'm an android guy and am somewhat of a gadget nerd, so I can intelligently critique android devices. Phone wise, I've gone from a Samsung Galaxy S3 to Nexus 5 to my new Nexus 6p. I also have a Samsung galaxy Note 8 and a work-supplied ipad air 2 that I use for mostly personal stuff. I can say the Asus skin (software overlay) on top of the Lollipop android operating system is pretty light. The tablet is very responsive; there is no lag like I have always experienced on Samsung devices where there are slight (or sometimes long) delays in opening menus, swiping between home screens, etc. The screen is bright and graphics are sharp. The device is light and thin, and even wrapped in a thin tpu case it is easy to hold for long periods of time. Obviously my daughter has plenty of room on the device for her apps, music, pictures, videos, etc. The battery life is fantastic; my daughter has used this thing for hours of watching videos and playing apps. I will say that there was one quirk where the security settings would not allow the Amazon app store to run properly after the app was side loaded onto the device. I had of course changed the permissions to allow installing apps from other sources than the google play store, but the app wouldn't run. I finally chatted with Amazon customer service and they walked me though the setting that needed to be changed to allow the app to run. It is a specific Asus software (security related) thing that stock Android doesn't have, and once I changed it the Amazon app store app worked fine. Oh, and having spent $220 on this tablet + memory card, it leaves us another $230-ish in the budget to get her the new Moto G for Christmas (+ micro sd card), to replace her first-gen Moto G. Same as I would have spent on the ipad mini by itself. Happy parents, happy kid.
RWYCK2GB3FR3J	5.0	Awesome Tablet @199	2	4	Awesome tablet for 199, great screen and very light weight. Battery stand by time is superb which is must for tablets. If you loooking for a tablet, no need to look anywhere else.
R25CYR06WUILFX	4.0	Good tablet	0	1	Good tablet. What i like are, the high resolution display, the camera is also phenomenal for just being 5M.P and its a quite snappy tablet. What i dont like so far are, its difficult to hold in my hands compared to a 7inch and the charger cable kinks easily and its reallly short and lastly i have noticed a dead pixel at the botton right corner. Overall good tablet.
ROJR9KUFEEQ2Q	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Best Tablet i have used in a long time
R1LZT41HUH0YQY	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Perfect pad, like it a lot.
RCR1FKRANSA9N	4.0	Hits the mark on most tablet needs!	0	1	Great value. Pixel dense screen. EXPANDABLE STORAGE! Front facing speakers (why isn't this standard on all tablets?). Great battery life. Bloatware is removable. The Tru2life+ can be annoying and looks like this isn't something you can disable.
RRHUM8XCTMSPT	5.0	So far so good	0	1	Great product. Very nice screen. They only have to work (a lot) in that ugly Asus Launcher. It's kinda intrusive and a great product like this would lock better in a more stock Android experience. I had changed the launcher and so far so good.
R2WO5F9XGAAVFY	4.0	Super value	0	1	Great tablet, responsive, works well. A bit slow on powering up and lots of ASUS bloatware pre-installed, but those are minor issues.
RF5343I1MXIM0	4.0	Value for money tablet with good quality screen	0	1	Value for money tablet with good quality screen. Can be better if Asus don't load it up with so many "crap-ware" though
R3S4PGJ4M9Y4Q0	5.0	Five Stars	1	2	Super tablet
R2WJA72JQDHDYQ	4.0	Needs custom ROM	0	1	Great screen, but ZenUI seems to bog lollipop down. Would benefit from an optimized, no frills custom ROM.
RWFZMEH9PB90I	5.0	Works great. Bright colors and quick response time	0	1	Works great. Bright colors and quick response time. Super easy to setup. Nice battery life.
R2LCFTZL3A2MUE	1.0	worked great for 3 weeks	1	3	I did alot of research and loved the specs for the asus and the fact that it takes sd cards but three weeks in and its having ghost touches and will freeze. Ive read that it could be a loose cable but i dont want to go through the hassle of waiting for a replacement from amazon or asus.
R27QU3YSRN299R	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Awesome little tablet. It's what the nexus 8 should have been.
R7HUN7W5E0FKO	4.0	Good Tablet	0	1	ASUS once again did it this is a very good tablet .
R2R1U53B0QLMPS	5.0	Great competitor for the iPad Mini 2	3	7	This tablet is an extremely solid product. Its construction is firm with slender depth and a nice size in the hand. It's width and height are the same as an iPad Mini2. Having been, for the last several years, an iPod/iPad/iPhone customer (who still loves the PC over the MacBook, etc.), this tablet gave me my first experience in the Android realm and, altogether, it was positive. I expect that most of my issues in the Android environment were/are the result of my unfamiliarity with it, but several things are worth pointing out. Kind of like when you get a Dell computer that runs Windows 7/8/10, there are a bunch of seemingly duplicate features. For example, this ASUS tablet comes with its own browser AND a Google Chrome browser. Why the need? Not sure, but it can lead to some confusion. In addition, you can log into an ASUS account and a Google account. Frankly, I'm not sure what the benefit is of the ASUS account, especially since you might have yet another username/password combination to keep track of. I downloaded a few apps and movies via Google Play and everything worked as expected, i.e. well. While I am accustomed to the physical home button on the bottom of the iPad mini and phone, I have not quite gotten used to the ZenPad's power/awaken button on the side of the unit, just below the volume control. All of these issues, however, are minor in the grand tablet scheme, so I won't ding the product for them. Starting to like it as much as the iPad Mini 2 . . . plus I don't have to deal with that infernal iTunes.
R31BVIULYJHV6N	3.0	Good specs, but some design / usability issues.	0	2	Overall nice. I bought it for reading Kindle Books, my Bible in a comfortable position. I do enjoy reading on this tablet. and I really would like to take notes with a Stylus, which I have not yet purchased. Couple of issues. A.) charging port is not in the bottom middle of the device, like my last few Android devices, so a little harder to find the port without actually looking. B.) The position of the power button and volume rocker is flipped. I like the power button up much higher. I don't know how many times I have put it into sleep mode just by adjusting my grip. C.) Kinda a slippery tablet, but has a nice rubber strip with good grip on the left side Being right handed, I hold the tablet with my left hand, and I need the rubber stip on my finger tips so I can hold it without slipping out, so I just flip my tablet upside down and I can hold it one handed. Thankfully the screen flips quickly. D.) Signing up for the ASUS webstorage service. I had to finish online as it did not accept my password I initially created, but would accept on the web page. Based on issues A, B and C I am considering returning it.
R3CW12AWA8QWWC	5.0	A happy customer :)	2	5	I personally feel that this tablet is top quality and can compare to ipads. And with the low price I couldn't resist but to choose this tablet. I've had it for almost a month now and I am completely happy and wouldn't trade it in for any other tablet.
R17YG7JZ4RM1ER	5.0	Best Android tablet I have everseen had.	1	3	Quick, charges fast, easy to use, great screen resolution and good price.
R2DRZFJHZ6TVG7	5.0	... days and I already feel it is a far better product then the first one I owned	0	2	I have had this tablet for 14 days and I already feel it is a far better product then the first one I owned... I can't say the name, but, the Maple Family of Trees has the name in it... Don't get me wrong - I liked the old one. It was a nice introduction, but, the Zen Tablet is just much much better to use. Easy on the eyes. Super thin. Runs smooth and the ASUS interface is not near as bad as I feared. Of course Google everything, everywhere, but that is easily remedied... I almost wish I got the 64, 10 inch tablet!
R19TCPTFM2G4VZ	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	The best tablet I have ever owned, bar none.
R1KIKFI737VNUY	5.0	Yes, this is the tablet for you.	2	5	Super pleased so far with this device so far. Sleek, slick, speedy with plenty of storage. Great quality build. My second Asus tablet.
R2720811WR8YRX	4.0	Solid tablet for the price	0	2	This is a great tablet for the price. Pros: Screen resolution Size Build Quality Price Battery life Cons: Auto dim screen software Bloatware Zen UI is ugly (I am used to stock Android and CM) Speakers don't get very loud Tablet lags a little between apps compared to the Nexus 10 WiFi is lacking 5 ghz channel Bottomline, great tab for the price, most issues could be resolved with software updates. Hoping for custom roms and easy unlock/root.
R1MNFRQIDLYTQZ	4.0	have only had my tablet for a couple of weeks ...	0	2	have only had my tablet for a couple of weeks. I am having problems loading my Sky Go sports programs. The sky technician said that it must be a problem with my tablet because my Umi emax smartphone can get the program ok. My tablet is running Lollipop 5--am wondering if my software is up to date. Anyone have any answers for me please Colin Barnett
R1P17JEVP9PU72	4.0	Nice Product - Beware no 5Ghz Wifi.	0	2	Nice product, nice size, very sleek, great value for the price. One issue - they advertise 802.11 which to me means 5ghz. Its not. I'm not sure I would have bought it without. I called them - and the big response was "try to return it". Not the worlds greatest customer service.
R3UB9UNLYNLG7J	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	Excellent tablet
R18EZCTQJEC16T	3.0	Great screen resolution	0	2	Find the UI very buggy. Many apps, especially xfinity streaming apps, don't work at all. Fast, light, Great screen resolution.. All in all wish I had bought the samsung
R25G9QAU3VWZRE	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	Great quailty
R3KGHRCY8YK6UF	5.0	Five Stars	1	3	excellent
R3LMUF0472OYXB	5.0	I love this ZenPad S 8	0	2	I love this ZenPad S 8. The only complaint I have is that I wish the battery lasted a bit longer.
RM5M1HNNIMASK	2.0	The tablet was good until I noticed it takes 7 hours to charge	4	9	The tablet was good until I noticed it takes 7 hours to charge. I'm going to complain, maybe I received the wrong charger
R3AARAR6LTLI6K	5.0	and it looks awesome..	0	2	It fits perfectly on my tablet, and it looks awesome...
RG1EZIZP6TQH3	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	great display, great features
R29RIADYGBHT7L	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Excellent device....speedy
RTF96DSLZVCNP	2.0	Acceptable tablet. Great Screen... Terrible Pictures...	0	3	The first one I was sent was lost. Amazon did an amazing job in sending me a replacement. They get 5 stars for that! The tablet is self is no faster than a LG G3 so the big push they have for a 64bit quad core processor with 4GB RAM didnt make any real diferences. The screen is very nice and plays back videos and games nicely. The biggest is the camera! It is slow in focusing and takes avergae pictures. Indoors it is terrible! Even with the low light assist I feel I went back to Sony floppy disk digital camera photos. If you are buying this for photos DON'T!!! I ended up returning it and will wait for something that is truly an upgrade.
R7LSHRU9M2JSL	1.0	Not happy	0	3	I have the latest Firmware (latest would not update over the air I had to download it from the website). Screen presses don't register all the time and when I try and view HD magazines I'm getting nothing but fuzziness. I've tried the same content on my other tablets and they come up fine. For that reason alone I'm probably going to send it back and get a galaxy tab. The speakers are great though and movies look good. 10/24 I sent the original back and the replacement is the same. For my money I'm just going to spend more and get a Samsung at least I know it will work with all HD content.
R1C3C5SQ1JF1MD	5.0	Another great ASUS product!	1	5	You just can't go wrong with an ASUS electronic! My laptop is an ASUS and so was my first tablet. I love the size of this tablet. It's still a good size to carry in my purse, and big enough to watch movies. The camera takes really good pictures! I was surprised! The sound is pretty great but I wish it was a couple of notches louder. I can't think of anything negative to say about this tablet!
RZ882VQBW8O4E	5.0	Five Stars	0	2	Good
R3L8U3HM4I3L8L	5.0	A very fine tablet, the family owns five	2	7	A very fine tablet, the family owns five, so I have a good base of comparison. Its FAST and the screen is great. I'm still unsure about the 4:3 aspect ration, but it plays netflix fine. My biggest concern is battery life and I have not owned it long enough to have an opinion
R1XNG5TLBA052P	5.0	VERY NICE TABLET	0	5	Excellent. The hard battery what the manufacturer says. The characteristics of the capture USB, they are erroneous; being a micro USB of 5 points; what causes uncertainty with what manufacturer said or in this case Amazon and the reality on having opened the box. Many applications, but the majority they are useful, according to the need. Excellent image; pretty, clear and strong sound. Screen anti tread, it is very useful. Systems of saving of energy that impactan in a real saving. Very nice tablet.
RTJV3LSZL4SFH	1.0	Very sad and	3	11	Does not work. I took it out of the box, charged it overnight but upon start up it got stuck on the very first page "select language" and the voice always repeated "Button 48" when trying to continue. Restarted manually, same thing. Very sad and disappointed
RUBEARYZUFRIR	2.0	and despite the horrible amounts of bloatware and occasional video stutter	0	7	Bought this this past week. Started toying with it, and despite the horrible amounts of bloatware and occasional video stutter, I would have still ranked it a 3.5 to 4 star tablet, and was intending to keep it. Until I tried to add users for the rest of the household (you know, how Android tablets, especially ones with Lollipop are supposed to have.) Apparently Asus has decided that it will only support exactly ONE extra user, and I'm guess that that was only to keep parents who buy these for their kids from complaining too loudly. Bottom line: Android tablets aren't iPads. In fact, I already have an iPad, and specifically sought out an Android tablet specifically FOR the ability of an entire household to share the device, making use of the multi-user functionality. The software is *designed* for multi-user. Limiting the number of users to less than 8? Crappy, but not that big a deal. Limiting it to some ridiculous number (read: less than 4?) Totally unacceptable, and brought the value of this device down to 2 stars. Fortunately, I was able to resell it to a smaller household. Guess I'll have to keep looking for an actual full-feature Android tablet. And guess I won't be getting it from any of Asus' products.
R3CXB2Y4DFXVI2	1.0	Internet connection problem.	0	7	This tablet keeps saying it cannot connect to the internet even though other devices in the household have no problem. I have read the customer reviews but see no fix.
