RIS8DGMEE0DZV	4.0	Honest unbias review	24	25	My Galaxy Tab 3 died suddenly after 2 years of wonderful service and I needed a replacement, but I was working on a small budget and the new fire tablet would not be in stock for 3 weeks. Keep in mind, this tablet is $50. I am surprised at the functionality of such a low priced system its not a Samsung, iPad, or amazon fire, but what you get for what it costs is perfect. This tablet is great for checking email, surfing the internet, playing some games, watching YouTube or streaming twitch. Multitasking will slow down the tablet, so try not to have multiple apps open and running at once. The screen resolution is OK, its not high quality HD but its decent. It plays simple games just fine, solitaire, word search, chess, etc just fine. Higher quality games work also but the most graphic intense will cause some stuttering. I tested using Need for Speed : No Limits and it ran pretty well, only a few seconds of stuttering during the most intense parts. YouTube and twitch video streams play just fine. Surfing the web is smooth, I tried the stock browser, also chrome, and maxthon. If you manually adjust the screen brightness to middle, the battery life is great. I am able to watch 1 hour of videos, read a book, surf the web, and write this review and battery is at 67%. I have yet to try the built in Bluetooth feature. Runs Android 5.0.1 You will have about 4gb of free space, but there is a slot for a microSD memory card. The BAD: The cameras, front and back are really low quality (but its $50) The speaker, not very loud. Tiny hollow sounding (but its $50) The build quality, feels very cheap. (but it's $50) I recommend this tablet as a great replacement/backup tablet, a tablet for seniors or Kids. If you want to take or edit high quality photos or videos, play the most system intense games, or work within 3-4 apps all at once this isn't for you.
RN0FLPVQ6JZM6	5.0	Awesome, Elegant, Nice, Tablet that works VERY WELL!!	33	37	****Product Received in Exchange for Honest Review**** This is another GREAT NeuTab tablet.. This is probably their most elegant and most vibrant screen tablet on the market.. This tab is called the Air7 I assume because this tablet is designed to be similar to an Apple Ipad.. Pros: 1.) Power: This tablet offers a Quad Core processor and 1 GB Ram meaning this tablet has plenty of power for basic gaming, using with drones, photo editing, and more!! 1.) Quadcopters & Drones: I tested this with the new DJI GO app (Downloaded from DJI directly) and also with the 3DR app for opensource quads... This tablet worked EXCELLENT FOR THAT 2.) Games: I downloaded all 10 of the top 10 games to see how this tablet performs.. I know most new tablet owners will probably play at least half the top 10 games when they buy a new tablet.. It performed great and played all those games with ease!! No freezing.. No shuddering.. No performance issues at all 2.) Battery: GREAT BATTERY LIFE. About 8 hours standard use.. Several days with basic use.. And about 4 hours with VERY HEAVY use.. I have no issues with the battery of this tablet.. 3.) Design: This tablet offers a very excellent design!! It is built with a VERY NICE metal backing. The tablet doesn't feel like a budget tablet!! It feels like a very premium design and is built by very premium materials!! This tablet is impressive for the price and looks as nice as an Apple product.. I really love the design of this tablet a lot! 4.) Android 5.0: Android 5.0 is preinstalled!! Very modern UI and very fluid OS.. Android 5.0 works GREAT on this tablet 5.) Sound: Sound comes from one speaker on the lower back of the tablet.. The sound quality out of the speaker, while not the best, is pretty good.. 6.) Screen: with the new kindle fire coming out, these low end tablets are going to really have to improve their screen quality.. NeuTab has done that here!! The screen is VERY BRIGHT.. The screen is VERY VIBRANT.. This is the best 1024 X 600 I have ever seen!! I have recently been testing a lot of tablets and I have seen the screens improve greatly BUT this is the best I have tested to date! It will be very interesting to see how this screen compares to the new Kindle when it comes out 7.) Nice Packaging: Nice packaging always makes a GREAT GIFT 8.) Wifi: Wifi has excellent range.. It works GREAT.. I have no issues with Wifi 9.) Expandable Memory: This is a great option that is very hard to find on most of the current high end tablets but it is also something coming back on most of the newer high end tablets that have been announced.. I am glad to see tablets that offer expandable memory and the expandable memory in this tablet works GREAT!!! 10:) IPS Screen: This IPS screen doesn't have the viewing angles of some but it does have very wide angels.. I was very impressed with this IPS Screen!! 11.) DOES HAVE GPS and Bluetooth and BOTH WORK GREAT!! 12.) Value: All of this for under $60??? 13.) US customer service.. This is always a plus!! Overall: I highly recommend this tablet for anyone looking for an inexpensive tablet that looks great and preforms well.. Anyone needing a basic tablet, or a tablet for kids, or just a second tablet should be very happy with this!! I am very glad to see these generic tabs really stepping up their game!! With the new $50 amazon tablet coming out, I am sure these generic tabs will continue to step up their game and continue to improve!! This tablet is awesome, looks great, and performs well!! This tablet is very nice looking and when using this tablet I don't believe anyone will be able to tell this is a generic tablet from China
R1NQKOGLIYJCXM	5.0	Nice build quality and performance	24	28	PROs + Quad Core Processor: Whether your checking Facebook or playing games, a responsive interface is important. No one likes delays or "stuttering" when trying to scroll a web page or start an app. The NeuTab Air7 comes with a quad-core processor. It may not be top-of-the-line, but I found general web surfacing and app loading to be very good, with only occasional hesitations. Some games do run choppier than they would on other tablets, but the Subway Surfers game showed in my video performed very well. The Geekbench multi-core score came in at 816. + Build quality: Despite the name, the NeuTab Air7 doesn't have the ultra-thin profile of the iPad Air, but it does have a solid construction and the back is mostly a brushed aluminum finish. It feels very durable and the brushed aluminum gives the tablet a professional look. + Android 5.0: I was happy to see that this tablet came with Android 5.0 out of the box. Google's latest operating system features a new user interface, multiple user support (and a "guest mode" to prevent those who borrow your tablet from snooping through your apps), and battery life optimizations. + 8GB of storage: This refers to how many apps, photos, videos, and music files you can store directly on the tablet. However, only about 4.1GB is usable. If that's not enough space, you can expand the storage with inexpensive Micro SD cards, like the ones you would use in your phone and some digital cameras. The slot is located on the back of the unit underneath the plastic portion. + IPS Display: It's not very often that you find an IPS display in a budget tablet, but NeuTab includes it with the Air7 and it looks great. IPS means that you can look at the display at an angle and it does not appear to be washed out or "reflective". This tablet has a colorful display and an appropriate 1024x600 resolution for web browsing and many games. It doesn't have a Retina resolution, but it is widescreen and works fine for watching Netflix or Crackle. + Built-in GPS chip: You can load this tablet with an offline GPS navigation app and use it without data connectivity. The built-in GPS chip allows it to function like a dedicated GPS using satellites (instead of relying on WiFi triangulation). + Bluetooth: This tablet also has Bluetooth so you can use it with Bluetooth keyboards and Bluetooth speakers. Sometimes Bluetooth is omitted on lower-end tablets, so I'm happy to find it on this tablet. + Two cameras: I couldn't locate the specs of the cameras, but there is a camera on both the front and the back. Low light performance is not great, but the front facing camera is fine for a Skype video call. I wouldn't depend on taking stellar photos with the back camera, but it's nice to have the option to grab a quick snapshot. CONs - Speakers: The sound from the speakers isn't the best, and sounds quite "tinny". But thanks to the Bluetooth support, you can pair it with a good Bluetooth speaker if you want to listen to Pandora, Google Music, etc. Or you can plug in your own pair of headphones using the headphone jack. - Cameras: While I like that there are cameras included on this tablet, they are low resolution and the picture quality is poor in low light. However, its better than having no camera for quick Skype calls. Overall, I'm impressed by the performance and build quality of this unit given its "budget" tablet price tag. While it's not as powerful as some other (more expensive) tablets, it is great for checking Facebook and playing games NOTE: You may notice a Chinese app titled "Weibo" installed. Do not worry, it is not a malware. It is a popular social network in China. This app is not built-in to the ROM and can easily be uninstalled like any other Android app. * A free review sample was provided to me, and I strive to provide an unbiased and useful review to help you make an informed decision.
R8JMPB94CCI64	4.0	A Very Nice Affordable Tablet	10	11	I was trying to make up my mind between the new Amazon Fire 7-inch tablet and the NeuTab Air7. After going back and forth on the decision for several days, I landed on the side of the NeuTab. First, a little background. We owned an Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7" previously, and disliked the modified Android OS strongly due to having to jump through hoops to get it to play online videos by installing Dolphin browser and Flash Player, needing to installing apps so we could read ePub books, not being able to access the Google Play store, plus an ongoing problem where the tablet would not charge fully and show zero percent, it would occasionally turn off by itself, and other random glitches. All of these reasons pushed us to try Neutab. The NeuTab Air7 is a nice looking tablet that looks more expensive than its bargain basement price. The back is made out of brushed aluminum, which gives it a classy look, and the weight and size of it fits very well in the hand. The quad-core processor makes this tablet very responsive. Opening apps, streaming videos, playing games, and surfing the Internet are quick and snappy with no observable lag. Resolution on the screen is sharp, and details are nice and crisp. Although there are slightly higher resolution tablets out there in this class, you may find it hard to tell the difference. If you are a pixel wonk, this may bother you, but the 1024x600 pixel display is good. And we did compare it next to a higher resolution screen, and the difference is negligible, imho. The camera, both the front and rear, aren't high-end, but for quick snap shots, it'll do the job. Just don't expect iPad quality. Speaking of the screen, we saw an overall greenish/cyan tint over the whole display. This was particularly noticeable when viewing skin tones on movies or looking at photos; the colors weren't true overall. I like photography so color balance is important. However, I was able to fix this issue easily by simply downloading an app from the Google Play store that allows you to add color correction to the display. It worked perfectly and now all the colors are good. Speaking of Google Play, (nice segue, eh?) because this tablet runs on 100% Android and is not adulterated or customized in anyway, this means you get the full Android experience. You can access the huuuuuuge app library at the Google Play Store and get stuff you wouldn't otherwise be able to download if you were running a modified version of Android. This also means you're free of "bloatware," programs, apps and features that you don't really want. The NeuTab Air7 runs on the latest version of Android, which is 5.0, aka Lollipop. I like the new settings interface, and other nice upgrades to it. Operationally, there are a few new things to learn, but if you're comfortable with Android, you'll be fine. You can add additional storage space by flipping open the flap located on the back of the tablet. A nice touch. The NeuTab Air7's volume isn't as loud as I would like, even at the full setting, but if you're just watching videos by yourself, it should be just enough for this purpose. If you want the full sound treatment, just bring out your own set of earphones, plug it in, and you're good to go. For the price, there is a lot of value here. Plus, this tablet has a 1-year warranty, unlike other tablets that only have a short 90-day period. This tablet was for a family member and I set it up for her. As a tech guy, I really like this tablet. And I liked her's so much that I am planning on buying one too.
R2EU55Q1FD7Z0J	5.0	Love it!	13	15	This tablet is exactly what I was looking for! I wanted an affordable tablet to browse the Internet and read my online textbooks for school without having to carrying around my laptop or squint at my phone. Pros: I thought it was easy to set up and navigate. It's lightweight and fits comfortably in one hand. The design of the device is great. Webpages load quickly. Picture quality on the web is good. The cons would be the touch screen is a little slow to respond. I haven't used a stylus with it so that might make a differences and the built in camera picture quality is not good. I haven't used the speakers yet. I am not into technical jargon so I can't elaborate on any of those components. If you are new to the tablet world (I might be the last person to get on board) and want to see if it is something you would use a lot but don't want to spend a ton of money. This thing is wonderful!
RVBM2L2UL648F	5.0	You CANNOT beat this tablet for the price! Better than most that cost DOUBLE!!!	6	6	You cannot beat this little tablet in double it's price range! I was very skeptical before my purchase, decided to give it a shot and now pleasantly surprised! I've owned many Android tablets, phones, & desktops, so I am not a newbie to the typical performance of Android devices. This may not be a $300 top-of line performer, but it's better than most at twice the price. In fact, I ended up replacing my brand-new ASUS ZenPad 8.0 tablet with the NeuTab Air7. It actually performs better & is more responsive than the ZenPad which has twice the RAM & faster INTEL processors. I also find that the display is more clear, sharp, & fluid than the ZenPad. The display is on par with my $200 Samsung 7" Galaxy Tab. The only things I can find a tad bit lacking is the sound and the hard-buttons. The sound is waek (as in not quite loud enough) since it fires to the rear out of one small speaker. The hard buttons (power & volume) would be better of they weren't quite so flush to the frame. This is a personal preference. I suppose the good thing about them being flush (no protruding) is that it's less likely that they get pressed inadvertently. One last minor downside... I am a big fan of portfolio covers on my tablets, but I do not like the universal models and universals are about all that you can find for this tablet. I am willing to pay a little more for a good fitting & secure cover. I would buy this tablet again and twice on Sundays without hesitation. In fact, I think I'll get the 10" model today and give it a whirl.
R23DTLSOKRL6AY	4.0	Would be 4 1/2 stars if possible!	5	5	I have only had this tablet for one day, but I'm already so impressed. There is nothing this tablet can't do once its hooked up to the internet. I'm even writing this review on it right now! I have an android pay as you go phone and with it being my first android device and not being to grand, I was worried. To be fair some of the problems with my phone, like its battery life, are my fault do to overcharging. But even still it is very slow and freezes a lot, but not this tablet. I haven't had a problem with it yet (though its only been a day). Runs smooth, I've downloaded every app I wanted, charges and starts up fine, screen is bright and clear and beautiful (it nearly blinded me the first time I used it). There are a few reasons it is missing half a star but to me they are small reasons. 1. The camera isn't great. Its kind of blurry, but while I wanted a nice canmera, it was a luxury not a neccesity. I couldn't find the specs for the camera before ordering, but again I still liked everything else about it. I will post a picture taken with the camera with this review. 2. The screen is 7 inches tall but only about 4 and a quarter inches wide. I'm sure that's normal but its hard for me to hold onto and get a grip on because it seems oblong shaped. Other than those thins I can't think of anything I don't like about this tablet. Well worth 60 dollars. If you want a tablet but have little money this is your best option.
R25PMWINKAIT9B	4.0	Great Tablet, Great Price	5	5	I bought this product for my teenage son in order to replace an older model tablet. Immediately after powering up the NeuTab Air 7 tablet, my son and I were both able to tell a difference in the quality of this tablet compared to his last one. At first, my son was slightly disappointed at the white color, but once he saw the metal back, he changed his mind. The speed is great and the software runs perfectly. The only concern I had was when we pulled it out and looked for the sd slot. We were not able to find a place for external storage. After checking online, we were thankfully able to find the location of the slot, but the book provided with the product was not helpful in the matter. I would definitely recommend this tablet, not only for the price, but for the quality.
R1UKTH5FJQT3ED	2.0	Died within two weeks	5	5	I originally gave this tablet a 5-star review but am now reducing it to two stars. This is because my tablet died shortly after getting it. It refused to power on. Amazon graciously took it back. Since then I've purchased a Lenovo tab 2 which does cost about $50 more but is definitely worth it compared to this tablet. The Lenovo is much quicker much prettier display and sounds fantastic with front facing stereo speakers, has longer battery life and charges faster as well. It is just overall a much better tablet.
R10MWX1WFMAPXN	4.0	I'm an old guy and spent a couple of easy hours setting up this new tablet up with my ...	5	5	Received the NeuTab Air 7 yesterday. I'm an old guy and spent a couple of easy hours setting up this new tablet up with my email accounts and transferring all my bookmarks and personal info. It worked great right out of the box and performs as advertised. Very happy and would say it is a very good deal for the price point paid. It is a lot thinner and lighter than my old 7 inch tablet that finally gave up working.
R3JABW3IPYPDH5	2.0	Good value tablet - questionable compnay	4	4	Good budget 7" tablet. Camera is fine, not high end, screen is decent, not going to look like a Galaxy or iPad...zooming in on text, you'll see it the lower resolution come into play. Processor is decent...does take a bit to boot up but once you're in its fine. Mine does not run hot, and the battery life is strong out the gates...will update later if anything changes. I don't plan on using this to watch movies or play first person shooter games...I use it for an offroad GPS device. I searched for a while for the perfect unit and this is what I came up with. Didn't have to pay for the other version's mobile 4G chip, only wanted wifi and GPS. This tablet is going to compete with something like the 7" Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. Similar resolution, and specs, but 38% of the price. This tablet won't compete with a Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 that has a very nice camera and super high resolution. But for 6X the price... NeuTab sends a little bribe with the tablet, saying if you review the product they will send you a protective case for free. I followed the steps and haven't heard or received anything. I'd be very mindful of this when reading other people's reviews.
R1513ND2C7YW0K	5.0	Great little tablet!	4	4	This little thing is beautiful! I wanted a low-cost, very portable tablet running Android so I could edit google docs wherever I was, and this is the perfect device. I added a bluetooth keyboard case and I have a mini computer that is easy to bring with me wherever I go.
R173QF12M04QRB	5.0	I can honestly say it was the best $60 I've spent in a while	4	4	I can honestly say it was the best $60 I've spent in a while. It is not meant to be an iPad replacement but is perfect for the coffee table. I use it for the web and video and it does a great job. I would recommend this to friends and family.
R3HQHDOOWMC72Y	5.0	VERY GOOD TABLET!!!!!	3	3	I have to say that this tablet is very good and it has many feature that a $200 tablet. It contains many features like being able to connect a micro USB to USB and a micro SD card. This tablet is perfect for everyday use like reading eBooks,News and playing simple games. Also its awesome because you can download apps from the play store too and its already installed. But this tablet doesn't have the best camera but its a 65 dollar tablet. Overall i think this tablet is a REALLY GOOD TABLET. Pros: -Very light weight and good looking -Fast for web and casual games -Play Store already installed -Micro SD card -Micro USB to USB -Fast and snappy -Long Battery life -Includes Bluetooth -Bright display Cons: -Not the best camera -Slow charge -sometimes lags
R2L3J3KN50ISMH	5.0	Best in class	3	3	Having used this tablet for about a month now, I can honestly say this is the best you can get at this price. It's no iPad or galaxy, of course, so don't expect ultra high resolution or all day battery. I have used other tablets in this price range and they almost always feel cheap and the screen is often on the unresponsive side. The Neutab Air7 is quite the opposite considering the low price point. The superb build quality along with the metal back make it that much better. Android 5.0 runs smooth and is nearly stock with very little bloatware. The only downside I have found is the included charger. It seems loose at the adapter and you have to get it just right to charge. I just use my phone's micro usb charger to fix that. Overall, a great deal. You can't go wrong for a basic tablet.
RTDZP8GJIAU85	5.0	So much for so little. Best budget tablet out there!	3	3	So happy I went for this tablet. I mainly chose this tablet because of the metal build. The memory expansion is great! Android Lollipop is a must have! I upgraded all the apps and linked my Google account and I was good to go. Just replaced the stock launcher with Google Now Launcher. Gives it a more stock Android feel. The camera's are decent but not something I would buy for taking photos. The speaker is not very loud even at full volume. For $60, I don't think you can beat this tablet. You get a lot for so little. NeuTab has really surprised me with this tablet. I purchased 3!
RXW3X9ZBDYLRP	5.0	Units are very responsive and fast - very good for a buck, there is nothing else to say!	3	3	Both tables arrived yesterday, kids are very happy so far. Very surprised about the quality and the product build. Units are very responsive and fast - very good for a buck, there is nothing else to say! Very surprised about the price, I paid a lot less for both tablets then for one iPad mini my respect here! Even if kids brake one it worth of buying again. We are talking about $60 tablet vs $300 or more. 5 stars so far! *****
R1DQX3US4Z0U6W	2.0	Not good for someone new to tablets.	2	2	The NeuTab Air 7 is not very easy for someone who is just starting to use tablets. There is a generic manual that comes with it that is not very detailed at all. In fact, the screen doesn't seem to match at all. It is slow to respond a lot of times. The keyboard needs to be fixed. I go to touch one letter and wind up with another. My regular stylus doesn't want to work on it. It says in the instructions, what little there are, to use a stylus designed for a capacitive touchscreens. I don't even know what this means! I have had to fight every inch of the way to get anything on this. If they made a manual just for this tablet that would explain things in simple English, it would help a lot, I think. I have been thinking about returning it, but my son-in-law wants to see if he can figure it out first. I would give this maybe 2 stars at the most. Edit on 24 Oct 2015: I have sent suggestions and questions to this company and have received no replies to them. I did however receive a nice case for it and I would like to thank them. I would also like to thank Fred Chapman for his feedback. It was very helpful on some things. I have managed to figure out some of the stuff since I received it, but it has taken much longer to figure out than it should have. If they had a decent manual for it, it would get the 5 stars because it is a very nice tablet for the price. Again, thanks Fred for the suggestions.
R3Q28YDI6KGRZH	5.0	It looks good!	2	2	I am pleasantly surprised at the quality of this tablet. It works well and promises to do everything that I expected of it. The picture is sharp, and the sound is more than adaquate. I am anxious to test the GPS capability, because that is one of the features that sold me on this tablet. I shopped around quite a bit before purchasing this item. It's features and price caught my eye. I plan to share this information with my buddies. It looks good!
RMQVPWPK7233Z	5.0	A third of the cost of other devices in it's class.	2	2	Has every feature that the higher-priced tablets have, for a third of the price. The screen is crystal clear and viewable from any angle. The metal back adds to the sturdiness of this device. The speaker is a little on the tinny side, but is clear enough to listen to music on. Came with Android 5.0 that was ready to go right out of the box. All-in-all, very satisfied with my purchase.
RM7O39COX8I8L	5.0	good response speed	2	2	Affordable, good response speed, the camera is acceptable resolution and storage capacity is good, the applications work fine, is excellent, in short is a tablet whose quality goes hand in hand with value for money. Ergonomic, handy and functional design, the screen resolution is high quality, the color range is good. I am very happy with the product.
RP0NVK4AQHVAL	4.0	Big bang for your buck!!!	2	2	This is my first tablet, but the image is very clear and the operations are smooth. My only complaint is that the front camera is a little blurry. But for $60 you can expect too much. I am very pleased with my purchase and I will be buying a second one for my wife.
R1AF6U3RZ24K6K	4.0	SO FAR SO GOOD!!! GREAT $60.00 TABLET!!!	3	4	Just received this tablet!!! I wasn't totally confident buying an off brand tablet since I have had a Nook and Nexus 7 in the past. My Nexus died and I needed a new tablet, but couldn't really afford to buy a new one. I saw this. It only had 5 reviews and I only found one video about it on youtube. All the reviews were 5 stars though!! I got this in the mail yesterday and have been playing around with it. So far so good!!! It's a really nice tablet. I had Netflix on and the video did lag just a bit in spots, but nothing to bad to return tablet. I use it mostly for watching movies, tv, playing games and social media. It's an awesome value for what I wanted it for!!! I could never justify buying 400-500 dollars on a tablet. It's nice and light weight and fits in one hand easily! Now, I just want to get a cover/case and a Bluetooth keyboard for it. EDIT; If you are looking for a low budget tablet with only 8gb of storage this is for you. I got this tablet with the idea that it had an sd card slot so that I could add my apps and such to it. Unfortunately, you can only add files to the sd card. I was already running out of storage...:( Other than the storage issue, I didn't really have much trouble with tablet. It's nice looking and slick. Fits nice in the hand. I also thought the size just alittle too small for me and went with an 8 inch tablet. Netflix, YouTube, games, etc...all worked fine!!! I changed my rating to a 4 star because I still think it is a very decent tablet for the price. I hope this helps someone else. Customer service was very good. I emailed them and asked about the card slot and they got right back to me!!!
R1WR3SYVZRIKR0	4.0	Great value, quite competent tablet!	1	1	You really can't beat the price. I noticed some complaints regarding slow boot up/having to enter the password in the middle of a boot with the related G7 and that is because these ship with encryption enabled by default - i've seen that on Panasonic ToughTabs before, but thought it was interesting that the user cannot disable it. There are numerous hardware similarities between this and the new 2015 Kindle Fire we got as well. The only thing we miss vs the 2012 Nexus 7 this is replacing is the magnetically triggered sleep/screen on feature and the variety of case selections. At this time, I'm not sure if the tablet has the magnet sensor to sleep or not, or if it's just that the only case Amazon has for this does not trigger it. Only remaining caveat is related to OS updates (if'/when this will support Marshmallow, or at least newer versions of Lollipop). One note: there is a very small hole in the frame on the lower left which is probably for the microphone. It's about 1 mm by 250 microns or so; fortunately, Amazon has a high resolution image of this tablet that shows the notch; otherwise I would have thought it was a manufacturing defect! Edit: The offer for a free protective case after leaving a product review was an unexpected perk!
R2VUVGFJRA314S	3.0	Okay if you don't expect too much of it.	3	4	I've had this for a few days now, and used it quite a lot in that time. Pros: -Super low price, and that's great. -It looks pretty nice. -Hasn't broken down yet. -Good battery life. -Not too slow. -Android Lollipop -Has a micro memory card slot -Nice sharp display -Has the same lag whether you have one app open or twenty Cons: -It does have some lag anytime you tap on a button or icon, and takes a few seconds to get where it's going or figure out what it's doing. -The camera is absolutely abysmal. -Sound is kind of puny, but not too bad in comparison to the size. -Not as svelte as an iPad (which is perhaps an unfair comparison, all things considered). -It's kind of heavy. I'd hate to see what the non-"air" model weighs. :o) -The absolute worst thing is that the calibration of the touch screen is off, and I can't figure out how to fix it. When I touch the screen, the place that registers the touch is a couple millimeters lower than where I touched. This is super annoying and makes it difficult to play games or fill out forms, among other things. Overall, it's a decent tablet. If you're looking for a cheap tablet to do basic stuff, this will get the job done. But if you really love speed, an accurate touch screen, and super design, you might want to check out a higher-level model.
R2V5L9X9KD6HAN	5.0	Good holiday buy.	1	1	I set out to purchase a entry level tablet for a relative for the holidays. I've owned a few 7 inch tablets and their performance and life span were middling to poor. Surprisingly this tablet worked quite well out of the box. I also like that it has a bit more weight to it than other budget tablets, making it at least superficially feel like more of a quality product than those I've purchased before. It's also barebones which is something I've never seen as far as tablets go. It is barebones in the sense of not having any bloatware or unnecessary apps installed, just the minimum Google affiliated apps you expect to see on an Android tablet. I've played numerous intensive games on it for the purposes of testing and found no lag so far. Even better is that that this tablet is running Lollipop (5.0) instead of KitKat (4.4), which is often what most tablets in this price range run on. Overall I feel like this was well worth my money considering some of the other options I had in the same price range being less powerful and having other issues
R22JOO5J6D3XTA	5.0	Very happy	2	2	Very happy with this tablet. Small enough to easily take with you and has a big enough screen to see. Watching Netflix works really well.
RS7Q43QA4VGCP	5.0	Too Good To Be True?	1	1	They say that if something seems "to good to be true," then it probably isn't. This item, and most importantly it's cost, proves that in some cases this statement is wrong. In most categories (speed, screen resolution, etc.), this will not measure up to tablets costing many hundreds more. But if you are looking for a good, solid, really inexpensive tablet, you will not go wrong with this. I would say that the overall quality and performance of this tablet is 85-90% as good as the other more expensive tablets out there. To be honest, given the materials, the labor, the packaging, etc. to produce this item, I cannot image how they can sell it at this price and make any profit. (I truly hope their workforce is not making $.10 an hour!) I will try to post an update after I have been using this tablet for a few months and let you know if I still give it the 5 stars.
RMHJ6340Z09DK	1.0	It's OK	1	1	I'm not crazy about this tablet, but that's because I enjoy higher end gadgets! But! This was a replacement tablet for my kid who destroyed his Asus tablet and he loves it. The sound quality is very poor, not sure of its just my unit or what but it sounds like someone is sitting on the speaker. The optimist in me views this as built in volume safety lol and since I hate 90% of the game sounds that come from it anyway I don't mind. There are times the screen seems unresponsive to adequate touch. I probably would not repurchase this device should it break but it's a nice in betweener. A positive thing is that it comes with android 5.0 preloaded. And has 1 gig RAM! Definitely not a lot of tablets at this price range like this! Great for young kids that don't really care about more popular devices. Update 11/12/2015 Approximately one month after purchase, the tablet has died. Confirmed after leaving it on the charger all day and it never even charged. It will not even perform a soft reset. Will be returning device, that's if I still can! How convenient, I'm am 2 days past the return window. This company will definitely not be getting more of my money. Spend more for a better product!
R1422HUW3YU2B	4.0	Just what I was looking for!!!	1	1	The perfect tablet for games, google searches, not heavy that's what I call a tablet, its lightweight for people with arthritis. If you get a tablet that is 9" or more I don't consider it a tablet, what are manufacturers thinking bigger is better? I just don't get it, that's just me I suppose. The only suggestion is not to put those little #'s on the top row of keyboard. Otherwise I am satisfied! Nice little tablet to upgrade to Lollipop.
R1V6Q9X0TUAA1J	5.0	Great value for money	1	1	This is not an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tab so don't expect it to compete, however it is an extremely competent low cost Android tablet which seems more than capable of meeting my needs i.e. a little browsing, occasional email, showing photos to my elderly mother. The camera is OK, the display more than adequate and it is reasonably quick. If your demands are not high end buy one today it really is good value for money!
RMX6XGINQHOQY	4.0	Very nice and great price.	1	1	Impressive right out of the box. This tablet has the look and feel of a much pricier tablet. The glass touch screen was a pleasent surprise. The only thing I don't love is that apps cant be completely moved to the removeable sd memory, however I'm not sure if thats due to the tablet design or the android version. Overall 4 out of 5 stars especially for the price. I may even be purchasing a second one soon.
RR7M2VBML1497	3.0	It's easy to use	1	1	It's easy to use. The picture isn't as good as I thought it would be. And the battery life on it is short if you don't power it down after use. I bought a case for a 7 inch tablet from 5 below and it is too big which I think is odd. I am a little disappointed but for the price it's really pretty nice all in all.
R3C4AKZXYOTZU7	4.0	Great buy overall.	1	1	Excellent hardware and manual very much appreciated. But some icons in manual are different or do not appear on screen which is very confusing and frustrating. Otherwise I'd rate maximum score. I need to get used to virtual keyboard, my problem, not NeuTab's.
R1TLE98MN2F9XN	4.0	Good for kids!	1	1	This was a good buy for my 5 year old, but I wouldn't recommend for an adult. It's a little slow & the screen is hard to tap. It holds a good charge & works well enough for my daughter to play her educational games though. And you can't beat the price!
RMHLR39BF5HJ4	5.0	You get what you pay for and a bit more	1	1	Screen is really clear for a $60 tablet. Tablet is thin, lightweight and attractive. I had no problem downloading my favorite apps. Sound quality is decent even without headphones. Great for watching YouTube videos or surfing the web. Good purchase.
R1RLZUJZXLT9SU	4.0	Good enough for the price	1	1	I needed a small portable device to take with me when I travel and have long layovers. This tablet was just right. Easy to set up. The keyboard was the perfect size for typing. The volume was a bit low especially for skype calls but not too bad.
RZW8JEOT83CSD	5.0	A great tablet for the price	1	1	A great tablet (especially for the price), the screen is clear and crisp, easy to set up, wifi is fast. Everything works well - I haven't found fault yet. Comes with a charger, but works with any miniUSB charger.
RR9NN3U1D0PXF	5.0	Just what I needed	1	1	Well built. Purchased exclusively for running square register for our business and this does the trick (note: app requires GPS on tablet and this fits the bill!) thank you!
R3COFE1RII4HZG	4.0	seems to be a great product. Navigation is quick	1	1	Just received it, seems to be a great product. Navigation is quick, apps installed as a charm. The design is good, and the products fits perfect as a child present
R1OJOLCDMOFTZ5	5.0	Works great!	1	1	NeuTab tablet is snappy and fits perfectly in my hand for a 7in tablet. Using it at work and love the new Lolipop feature to have multiple users.
R2AUFSFMLMD6VH	5.0	Exatcly what I wanted	0	0	This is definitely worth the money. Just got this tablet a couple of days ago and it is meeting my expectations. I used to own a 10 inch tablet but it was to slow, barely able to watch videos and weighed to much to hold for long. with the 7 inch display and thin design it is light weight and keeps cool. Only having it for a couple of days now, been on it throughout the days and only had to charge it once so the battery seems to hold charge well enough. the Processor I feel does just what it needs, it plays the latest games without a problem,you can watch movies shows and clips in HD and with 8Gb of memory there's plenty for you to save. The screen is by far my biggest worry as reading everywhere on cheap tablets that this is a big problem. There is no screen problems on this great tablet, I can just about put it on its side and still see whats on the screen doesn't get better than that. So if your looking for a great tablet at a cheap price, as well as fast delivery then I wouldn't waste anymore time reading this.
R3PY1CT1YH2EAU	4.0	Solid tablet so far	0	0	I haven't had much time with my NeuTab yet, but it is decent. I bought it hoping for it to be compatible with a few certain apps. Being the Android 5 OS may be why it wasn't, or the app is just very picky. For nearly $70 it is nicely made, feeling solid with a decent screen res. There is one con I can mention, that to me can't be excused because of the fair price, the volume and power buttons are not easy to find by feel in the dark. They are too subtle for ease of use. This also, on the other hand, prevents accidental presses of the volume button, not the power button, which stands out more than the former. I'd still prefer a more solid button press function. That having been said, doesn't take a star off. In my opinion, with my limited experience with tablets, it earns a solid 4 stars, 5 if the cameras were higher quality with flash function and if the tablet had a higher app compatibility.
R33SZUSNBBSZ1X	5.0	Daily use, play, or work... worth it!	0	0	I bought two for my kids birthday and they love it. I tested it out myself first and was very satisfied with the quality. This comes with many options that compare to the more expensive tablets but for a better price that meets my budget.I was worried that some thing was wrong with the tablet, until I trouble shooted the charging issue. I would recommend that they work on better chargers to come with these tablets. We have one that I found was not exactly aligned with the usb port hole and some times won't charge unless you angle the male end of the usb inside the female port. I would guess that some people may find it not charging and quickly assume that the tablet may have a serious charging problem like I have read in earlier reviews. No matter the minor charger detail, I highly recommend to others to take the oppertunity and purchase this before any others. Good deal for kids and adults for daily use.
R2WWVP0IYYBZ5P	5.0	So far I love this!	1	1	This NeuTab is just fit to my purpose, I just do internet surfing and watch youtube videos. So far I love this!
R24E3DHMTSNGYO	4.0	NeuTab Air 7 Low Cost - High Value	0	0	First of all, this is a very good looking tablet with outstanding design features. While it is a value priced device it, looks and performs like a mid-range tablet. It runs on OS Android 5.0.1 (Lollipop). Most tablets at this price point run Android 4.4 (KitKat). Although it is an 8G tablet, it has a slot for a micro SD card for additional storage. This tablet is the perfect choice for a general purpose device that can handle all your basic needs in a beautifully designed package.NeuTab® Air7 7 inch Quad Core Google Android 5.0 Lollipop Tablet PC 1GB RAM 8GB Nand Flash 7" 178 Degree View IPS 1024x600 HD Display Built-in Bluetooth 4.0 Dual HD Camera GPS, Slim Metal Design
R3HIZQXBNWLNU7	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	Very nice great price, excellent picture, totally impressed. Would definitely buy another one.
R2FZBAFCPA6OZJ	4.0	decent tablet for keeping kids enterained on a budget	0	0	I was surprised with the tablets, I order two of them for my young cousins so they can play games. the games play as good as any other tablet, I was also very impressed that this tablet doesn't have any lag, I own two tablets and one is a Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1 which I stopped using because it has so much lag, but the NeuTab performs very well. the sound of the tablet was decent. the quality of the screen is not the greatest but you get for what you pay for. plus this tablet come with an OTG plug so you can plug any USB storage device to the tablet. If you are looking for a very basic tablet and you have a small budget this will work very well.
R112QE9D655FVC	4.0	but am satisfied with everything so far	1	1	Haven't had much time to play with it yet, but am satisfied with everything so far.
R3GJILNLG5KVEH	5.0	the best sister ever	0	0	this was by far the fastest shipping i have ever had and i am pleased to say that this blows my expectations out of the water it is fast clean clear display i ordered for my little brother for Christmas this year so i had time to test it out and with the intense graphics and speed required to run a game like asphalt 8 it was flawless in play through using the g sensor as the steering wheel no lag no glitches and brilliant display i am a tech girl and my go to is android and as far as androids go this is the best price for a really great product i cant wait to see him get this on Christmas morning
R1NMP0KH96RUE2	1.0	This unit is misprogrammed and needs a better ROM. (I've been a Linux developer since 1994	2	3	Does not use a standard Android startup procedure so it never connected with Google properly. Never connected to my Google account in the contacts app. Yes, I rebooted. Yes, I did a factory "clean". Yes, I tried alternate contacts apps from the store. This unit is misprogrammed and needs a better ROM. (I've been a Linux developer since 1994, and I'm an embedded Linux systems developer by trade - I know what I'm talking about.)
R1A24A3DIWEMZ6	5.0	It's good to me for the low price	0	0	It's my first Google android tablet. I have iPad, iPhone and Amazon kindle fire HD, so I tried this Air7 after lots of review, and it meets my expect. As this low price, it is very good for lots of function, especially offline GPS built-in. It's also nice look to me. For micro SD installation, I saw the Text explain from review and Q&A, but I still do not know how to do it since I'm afraid to brake it. If there is photo instruction to show how to install the micro SD, it will be better. Finally, I found the video how to take out the top backside cover to install the micro SD from one helpful review.
R3EZB8ZIV8UGNH	5.0	Great buy!!	0	0	Great tablet! The package arrived quickly and on time and no visible damage. The tablet itself is really awesome and it works excellently! The camera is well made and we haven't had any issues with the processing or glitches. Compared to the other tablets we've bought or tried, this one is comparable and it costs a fraction of the price. We'll see how long it last with constant use by two young boys. I bought them for my nephews and they are rambunctious boys, but so far so good.
RWTIWWA88T9T1	5.0	loving it	0	0	I got my air7 yesterday and so far I'm loving it. It was easy to open and set up. It is slim and light weight. It is just the right size for my smaller than average hands. It was fully charged. It doesn't seem to have any problems playing games or surfing the net. There is more than enough room for all the apps i already put on it. But if you need more room there is an sd slot. And I didn't know it came with fm radio installed, just another plus. Giving it five stars.
R2RV2ZLC7KZMR5	5.0	Who knew?	0	0	When I ordered this I thought... OK... the reviews are good... but how good can a $60 tablet really be? Well spank my butt and call me Suzie. This is a great little tablet... you can't beat it for the money. Pros: Looks great Feels solid Decent screen Quad core 32GB Micro SD slot Cons (minor... but I'm a picky bastage): Don't much like the pre-loaded launcher A good case may be hard to find
R2HJECUJOU961P	4.0	Worth the price but extremely slow power up.	0	0	The tablet works as advertised and is definitely worth $60. However, the power up time is incredibly slow, especially if the screen unlock is enabled. I figured 2 minutes or more. Given that most folks do not power off frequently, this may not be problematic. In my situation, the tablet was to be used only a few hours a week so powering off was prudent. Unfortunately, this extremely slow boot up process gave me reason to return the tablet.
R2WH7JWPILQKK6	2.0	stopped powering on.	0	0	around a month later it wont power on. RETURNING.
R3NW35XI0EM53N	5.0	so far, so in love	0	0	I got this for traveling and classes for notes, I haven't found an issue yet. I will keep posted though I want to help those searching for a good cheap tablet. It is a lower grade tablet in the sense of camera and graphics but I knew that when I got it. Its hard to find a case at my Walmart but I expect no less or more from my tiny wally world. I recommend though, from one cheap college student to the next.
R2NB5NIL0LBIYF	5.0	with a nice picture to match	0	0	I had purchased this tablet for my younger brother, as he had been working off of a Kurio tablet for sometime now, and immediately after opening the box i could notice the difference. It runs very fast, with a nice picture to match, and at 7in. the size is not too bad, it is a light tablet, and ideal for carrying around with you. We have had it for at least three day now with no problems.
R2CFT85X20FIZO	5.0	Kinda pretty looking, great screen, but I think I hate Lollipop!	3	5	 HD version of this video is on YouTube, search for: Kilgore Air7 This video demonstrates playing media from an external USB flash drive with a paired Bluetooth speaker; IPS screen tilting showing excellent viewing from all angles; Google Maps with Local Street View; text entry with a Bluetooth keyboard; evil 2 minute 30 second boot up(!) explained below. This is a VERY nice looking 7 inch tablet which is probably my favorite size for "quick and dirty" and throwing in my bag. White and silver is a nice combo. The IPS screen is one of the best I've seen on this size tablet and really does allow viewing from lots of angles without that severe polarizing effect you get with the cheapest screens. My biggest complaint probably has to do with the Lollipop operating system - this is my first experience with it. A little research indicates that it has caused similar bootup problems as I'm getting. I put the bootup sequence at the end of my video (with sped up sections so you don't have to wait). It's taking over 2 minutes from turning on to booted up. Lollipop also requires what looks like a second "Bootup to Android" sequence after I put in my PIN. Once booted up I pretty much have no issues, except some odd happenings with Chromecast which is another documented problem area with Lollipop on some devices. I can Chromecast from YouTube, but can't cast my screen (that's still pretty much a beta feature anyway). So the tablet is an easy 5 out of 5 stars, Lollipop, not so much. Again, once booted up all is excellent to outstanding. I easily paired Bluetooth speaker and keyboards and used both without a hitch. Manufacturer gave me a free sample with no other remuneration nor review requirements.
R28D0G064IAXIU	5.0	In love with it!	0	0	I recommend this tablet. I am very glad for making the decision to but it after my 2-year tablet died few months ago. I am very impressed with its performance for a $59.99 device. It delivers what it is promised. I just wish it to be compatible with whatsapp but that it is ok! So if you’re looking for a low cost tablet this is what you’re looking for!
RE6C426AI4BV8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Works really well.
RGCO7LW2DBXH0	5.0	Five Stars	1	1	I bought this for my niece and so far so good
R1LX1NVL2FVVHQ	5.0	Lots of Bang for the Buck	0	0	This is a nice little machine. I got this for reading e-books, browsing the internet and watching videos. The screen resolution is not the highest, but honestly, I have no complaints. The screen is bright and videos play smoothly. Apps load quickly and work well. For this price, it exceeded my expectations.
RWT9TKUYV30AL	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	product it as described...worth the money
R9JH0NRBK23O0	5.0	Brand new tablet; package arrived as described and delivered ...	0	0	Brand new tablet; package arrived as described and delivered on schedule; So far I am impressed with its overall performance. It has the look, feel, performance and screen resolution of higher end tablets in its class and only under $60. I will check into their other products for they now have got my attention.
R35JI6GWR5H7A6	5.0	Good quality materials with adequate internals	0	0	For the price I wasn't expecting Apple iPad quality. Bought for my 3yo and it is definitely worth much more than the asking price. Good quality materials with adequate internals. Basically getting a $150 tablet for $50. Great for basic usage but any more than that and you'll probably have a negative view of it.
R3P6XYB9VDU4KU	5.0	Handy on Motorcycle Trips	0	0	Ordered this to take on motorcycle trips. Checking email is pretty fast. I haven't used the off-line gps navigation yet but will be testing that soon. The tablet was delivered on time and is as described. I think this is going to work well and is a good option to do away with hauling a laptop on my trips.
R2RG8CJ9OK2BZR	4.0	Its a nice Tablet especially for the price 59	0	0	Its a nice Tablet especially for the price 59.99. Thin but has some weight to it. the only problem as of now is I wish there were more options for cases . it's alittle difficult finding an exact one. you have to do some detective work matching the buttons. other then that so far a fairly good tablet.
R1NPL7KHUBSUC2	5.0	responsive and easy to navigate	0	0	This tablet was everything it claimed to be and more. It is fast, responsive and easy to navigate. Display is fantastic for it's price. I bought this for my grandson as a replacement and he LOVES it. I would highly recommend this tablet to family and friends as an entry to intermediate level tablet.
R352VXTKRJF497	5.0	Very nice tablet for the money	0	0	Very nice tablet for the money. Also Impressed with the battery life. Processor speed and RAM are about what you'd expect for a tablet in this price range. I have no problems surfing the internet, playing games and using apps. It is light weight and well made. This tablet should last years.
R25B619QVU86SC	5.0	Excellent product.	0	0	This arrived on time, and was just as described. I was looking for a decent, low cost tablet. It's not the fastest device out there, but the screen is crisp, and has decent battery life. It's superior to the 4 other tablets I've purchased in the same price range. Worth every dollar spent!
R3UUBKIBPM0LYZ	4.0	So far so good	0	0	I had it for only a few days, but so far so good - everything works. The only thing, the manual is for the older version, so I could not find the task manager icon. It's actually the square one on the right of the home icon, which is actually a circle in the bottom center.
R22CYF4R42ISM6	4.0	Good tablet for a good price.	0	0	This is a great value for the price. Bought for my daughter to use for games. It connects to the Internet well and is easy to use. The one drawback is the camera doesn't take very clear photos, but its not a high end tablet. Hopefully it will last for quite a while.
R3GU7IMOPTXE18	5.0	NeuTab Air 7 is a winner	0	0	Very pleased with the NeuTab Air 7. Purchased it to replace my old iPad that Apple no longer supports with IOS updates and to use as a Remote for watching Hulu programs using Chromecast. Plan also to take it on trips. Very affordable and easy to use. It's a winner.
R7RBD4FJ98VW9	4.0	responsive and the screen looks amazing! Only drawback is the speaker	0	0	Was pleasantly surprised by this tablet. For the money, you simply can't go wrong! It's fast, responsive and the screen looks amazing! Only drawback is the speaker, very low volume and a little tinny sounding, but still passable. All and all, money well spent :) Update: While this is still a great little tablet, I will be returning mine, due to the speakers. I just can't deal with the sound or lack thereof. If you're using this tablet with headphones or a Bluetooth speaker then you won't have a problem with this, but I don't.
R1HLE9MQQW0CKQ	5.0	Very easy to use	0	0	Arrived on time. Very easy to use. Purchased for use at school. I like that the company promises that tech support will be easily accessible. If it continues to work well, we will consider buying other models as the price is very reasonable.
RXV9IU89VXG8N	4.0	Great for kids!!	0	0	This tablet has great screen quality (for the price). It's sound quality isn't that great and picture quality is bellow average, but I don't use it to take pictures. It's great for browsing the web, streaming videos, and playing games.
R11D31MIO9I2G8	5.0	I was happily mistaken😊	0	0	It works great!!! Love it! At first it wasn't downloading the apps... It is refurbished and I thought it was a gliche.. Gone unnoticed.. I had asked for return label... But after I plugged it back it has been working fantastic!
R12BJMNW7AG463	4.0	Very good product. Its a good and durable tablet for ...	0	0	Very good product. Its a good and durable tablet for a fair price. I paid about $67 and I wanted something that served as a big remote for me as well as allowed me to use Android. This Tablet does just that for a solid price.
R2P30C9SM2J40L	5.0	great tablet	0	0	Quick delivery, item as promised. Love this tablet bought it for my 9 year old but it's pretty nice, may have to keep it. Downloads great, nice display, great size overall great product, would definetly buy again from seller.
R38NXQPG4DKEE3	5.0	Very Pleasantly Surprised	1	2	OK, I often read reviews, but seldom write them, so this product has to be good. I basically went out on a limb because it was a Lollipop Tab, and I needed to upgrade by Galaxy Tab 2 - on top of that the price was great. Just received it yesterday and spent a couple hours getting everything up to speed. I did get a couple of Google Play error messages, but aside from that - everything installed and synced very well. To my surprise basically everything I tried worked great - even the Optimum App which is very picky worked like a charm. The interface was very speedy - you tube videos play without a hitch, which is great as I bought this for a media entertainment tab. I'll add more once I have it for a month or so - but for now it is great. 9-30-15 Update After a week of usage, a couple of things could be better - buttons are a bit tricky to push at times, and inserting a SD card could be easier, but my view on performance has not changed. Battery is OK - will need to monitor it more closely. I'll be taking it on vacation next week, so I'll see how it works as a road warrior. Still very good, would actually rate it a 4.5 because of the buttons and SD card handling, but I'll round it up since the tab's performance is really good.
R3P8KXMDM8E6TI	4.0	Great tablet for the money.	0	0	So far so good. I do have a slight issue with the touch screen. At times it seems to be rather hard to get it to do what you want it to do. Actually that is a minor flaw compared to everything else. So far I love it.
R3I0ZINK01PUVD	5.0	Very good	0	0	This is a great little tablet. The graphics are high quality. It works with no delay and is very quick. This is a really good product for a reasonable price. I think this is a nice alternative to the Fire tablet.
R2DPPWWQIMHHZ5	4.0	Good Tab for great price	0	0	Good Tab for great price. I got this tab as an award for writing the best parallel program in class. This is perfect for me because I want write low level programs on this tab. Quality is good for this price!
R2E1AEHX91SXAH	1.0	Pretty sure it comes loaded with malware	0	0	Week after using tablet I started getting popups. Has Broservice and Linervice running on it. I did a factory reset and those programs loaded again. Has the same apps that are in my cell phone. Pretty sure it comes loaded with malware and adware. Found a service IMeMess running after factory reset and I think it's the program that downloads and installed the malware. Part of Backservice which loaded the programs on startup after I disabled them from being allowed to run at startup.
R2JVIREI461SJE	4.0	it's a good deal. Mine came with a small scratch on ...	0	0	For the price you are paying, it's a good deal. Mine came with a small scratch on the screen. I can watch videos and read without problems, but that scratch bothers (more taking into account that is new).
R1DKC05HOQ62NI	5.0	... year old nephew for his birthday and he absolutely loved it. It is simple enough for him to ...	0	0	Bought this for our 7 year old nephew for his birthday and he absolutely loved it. It is simple enough for him to use alone but also has everything they would need as a family. Couldn't be happier!
R1US1EGY3BOLWK	4.0	good enough	0	0	Its not what i was wanting but its pritty cool for what it is....the charger plug in sucks though one of the prongs fell out in my outlet & the charging port stretches out REALLY EASILY.
R3PMHEACAS5Z1U	4.0	So far so good!! My kid loves it	0	0	So far so good !! My kid loves it, it's her first tablet, and we live in am area that doesn't have great wifi so downloading apps takes awhile but overall i really like this tablet. ;)
RBGE7JG9NG33D	4.0	I ordered 2 tablets for gift. It looks there's ...	0	0	I ordered 2 tablets for gift .It looks there's a gray colored spot at first I thought it is damage but bought has the same place. So not sure if it is factory defect but it still woks
R2EXVGAE28GDRT	5.0	Great	0	0	This is my first tablet besides my Amazon Fire Hd. Very easy to use and figure out. Everything works great. I needed a device where I could use android apps and this is perfect.
R1QH95N2MKJIDG	5.0	Awesome!	0	0	Great quality for a great price! First tablet I've ever purchased and I'm very satisfied! The only thing that needs work are the camera'sand speaker. Still a fantastic tablet.
R19545XVW6PM4K	5.0	Awesome tablet	0	0	Awesome tablet! Lightweight, fast, worked right out the box. Android 5 works great! Connects to WiFi without any glitches. I'm completely satisfied, well worth the price.
R1GCJOWV9647AI	5.0	Good tablet at a very fair price.	0	0	Fast enough and responsive for an inexpensive tablet. My only complaint after a short time with the Air7 is the inability to move apps onto the sd card.
R1FPFKLTB4D0F2	4.0	but it offers good Android functionality and performance in a nice package at ...	0	0	Just what I expected. Screen resolution is just OK, but it offers good Android functionality and performance in a nice package at a very good price.
R4EDLAGQ2O74N	5.0	Easy and light weight	0	0	Received it on time and in great condition. Exactly what I was looking for. Received it only this week and has worked great so far. Worth the price!
R1GUELH9RQL85W	5.0	Bought this tablet for my daughters 9th bday	0	0	Bought this tablet for my daughters 9th bday and it was the best gift she loves it. Very clear picture no freezing issue, so far I'm impressed
R12TL8PK39VVL1	1.0	Poor quality video	0	0	It is junk. Poor quality video. The charger with it doesn't charge. I never use it bc it is always dead. Spend more money on a better tablet.
R34TUPA3SQ9UL2	5.0	Great tab for the price	0	0	Great tab for the price. More than capable to handle school and work related tasks. Using it to view pdrs and textbooks which it does easily.
RQKYKTXC5KY06	5.0	GREAT TABLET. compatible with all my apps	0	0	GREAT TABLET. compatible with all my apps, compact but the screen is big enough to see and read. I can fit it on my purse. LOVE IT
R2VM44TDKA62J9	5.0	Great tablet! I use it with two drones	0	0	Great tablet! I use it with two drones: 1) DJI Phantom 3 pro; 2) Zano. Works great with both apps. Quick, clear screen. Very pleased.
R3RUYYBOJT4ERT	5.0	Super light weight	0	0	Super light weight. Easy to use. Screen and sound are good. Good as a second or travel device but not as a replacement for laptop.
RSBFOQKRBPCEQ	5.0	This is great!	0	0	I am surprised about the quality of the tablet, it's really responsive and functional! Great product from great price!
RYWJXAGFOLN10	5.0	NeuTab Air7 impresses.	0	0	Looks expensive,vibrant screen,fast response, pratical form factor,and inexpensive. I'm buying more when available.
R1HZKJ07RED6DC	5.0	i just love how thin it is and how feels right into ...	0	0	i just love how thin it is and how feels right into the size of my hands. the OS move smoothly than thumbs up.
R2QGFXNFRCTG7A	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great Android tablet. Can get a better deal at this price level. Thinking of getting two more for gifts.
R2DJXH87FDRGYV	4.0	Great...	0	0	It's a great tool. Volume is not very loud, but will look into exterior speakers. Blessings in Yeshua!
R3U42VWQYZ71TA	5.0	Very impressed!	0	0	So far so good! Just got my Air7...really nice quality! Such a great deal! I highly recommend!
R225PEAZ0FTKSW	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	excellent product. 5.0 lollipop is awesome. Neu Tab Air 7 is fast and loaded with great apps.
R3CURD6Q47UF5R	4.0	I like the tab	0	0	I like the tab. For the price i paid i am getting all features i use in ipad or galaxy note.
R1OUJ33J5P6VGX	5.0	Great for kids or adults that want a small inexpensive ...	0	0	Does what I wanted it to. Great for kids or adults that want a small inexpensive Tablet.
R3IO6CZUWW2IBH	5.0	Great!	0	0	I bought this for my son and he loves it! The battery life is fantastic! I recommend it.
R2IFMCEL59YQ65	5.0	great buy	0	0	So far I am very pleased, as I add my favorite apps and run them I will further review
R1RMB09339RLXD	5.0	I would recommend it for anybody	0	0	This is a inexpensive table it works well for me..I would recommend it for anybody.
R2P9CADN8IJA2W	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great little tablet does every thing i need it too
R1H3R3EFQQNEIA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great affordable tablet! Works really well and arrived sooner than expected.
R2T6MNDTR2Q1GN	4.0	I like it :)	0	0	Its really good tablet and affordable one with the latest android version.
RMKU5IUJ2H981	4.0	So far so good.	0	0	I like it so far. I haven't tried all it's feature yet but so far so good.
R1ZD9E0DNEW5VF	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Great price and works with my chromecast which is what I wanted it for.
R2UAVFHW8HJ68D	4.0	https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0152GNFXA/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0	0	0	very nice tablet I love it I going to give this to my granddaughter.
R2CYUJQW5B16AF	4.0	Functional and a great portable Google Drive	1	2	The response time of the touchscreen is a little slow, but it is 100% functional. It works GREAT for what I want it to be: a portable computer with my Google Drive docs on it for work and school on the go. I'll be connecting a Bluetooth keyboard for easier typing. It was easy to set up and was fully charged when I turned it on!
REI727J3NIPKF	5.0	love it	0	0	Great tablet for a great price! Just got it today and I love it
R84U3NX3NPJ3Z	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very happy with this purchase... And for the price -great deal.
RYGVEV40Q8D3L	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it. It's the perfect size for me. It works great so far.
R6X0WRR562JNY	4.0	Great Product for the price	0	0	It did not come charged... and is taking forever to charge.
RR4XVYCHV2EQI	5.0	Very pleased	0	0	I am very pleased with this product, good value for money.
RJBJNN49NVSCQ	4.0	Good tablet at a great price	0	0	This tablet is well worth 65. It's running great so far.
RAB1WUH90VMKF	4.0	Nice and thin	0	0	Very cool tablet. Just the right size to take anywhere.
R35DTQ86TWTEQE	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Arrived promptly and an amazing buy. My son loves it
R3VC7P5C0VUHWC	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Just got it and it's beautiful...and working fine...
R3PKYJ7017KVOF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Its awesomw this tablet, only 50 buck... I loe it.
R3728COIYVV1G8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Brought this as a present to my son! He loves it!!
R28Z5HW4VSO81U	5.0	Great tablet!	0	0	Great tablet! Sleek design and user friendly!
RS0H7Y6T14CRA	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fantastic product, does everything we needed.
RM1MJMIW17A5T	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Works great so far. Fast. Touch screen good.
RCDOI7IPKL64F	5.0	Great budget tablet	0	0	Great tablet so far. Bought it as a gift.
R1AXJ5JMDVZ9Q7	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent tablet and perfect for my needs
RQHUNHYF0LYXN	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Awesome speed and quality for the money!
RMGNC3XHC5US0	5.0	Great	0	0	Just what I wanted, Very great product.
R1K9LWRZEULO85	5.0	Love it for this price	0	0	Order came fast and so far so good.
R39BVTYRMUNQE1	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Got it yesterday and so far so good
R2WLFO2XKW3ZBH	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great product from a great vendor.
R29YJ5U5YML45C	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	Nice tablet, perfect for mi kids.
R31ACBXLGJCN3F	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It is great. My son loves it.
R32M2C0UHAHEIM	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love the tablet. Thank you
R3EGK40HBMNWPD	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Great tablet for the price!
R2OAUA2AL6BSKV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	The tablet is nice. Thanks
R12GXWXQYLXWY	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	This product is very good.
R3EHWQ6I51PV1H	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	It's pretty respectable.
R1YHG2A0BV76YA	5.0	Great Device	0	0	Great bang for my buck.
R12D4OHFH30X57	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I love it so far!
R1M6ELLBQW87F9	4.0	Four Stars	1	2	Nice size. Worked right out of the box although functions are not intuitive
R1C2ZGQ13V5LWB	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	I appreciate it.
R38G8PI4A6WTR9	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent item
R1MDUS8BPRYGQG	1.0	Very Dissapointed! it never even turned on!	0	1	Horrible! So dissapointed! I was looking forward to receiving this tablet, after reading all the positive reviews! My tablet arrived, I opened it, & it was completly dead, so I plugged it in, and set it aside, then a fews hours later I turned it on, and a huge red "X" went across the screen, and it wouldn't turn off or do anything! It was such a dissapointment! I'm a single mom, & on a budget, how could they sell products like this? It's not right.
R1SKLCC7YXGPIF	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	great deal!
R2A7TF7PAYZJ0O	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Good value.
R2IU6URJ0V69PS	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	good tablet
R1V16RAZC6ARWM	1.0	Amazon makes returns easy but it's better to spend a little more on ...	0	1	The tablet only worked for a short while...the keyboard and icons started to malfunction...you push on an icon or letter and it would go to another icon(s) instead of the one I was pressing...not worth the money nor the hassle of having to ship it back for a return...Amazon makes returns easy but it's better to spend a little more on a better tablet and not have to worry about it malfunctioning.
R2V7OHQ48QXMN5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Fantastic!
ROOWLXDA67TYC	3.0	nice setup,	1	2	So far it a good tablet, my Son love it.
R1T2KW1FV1VZK	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Worth it
RY3F2VVDRA704	1.0	The real sad part is that they tell you that u can ...	1	3	First I must say delivery was on time,just as seller promised. For the price,I think it's reasonable, However I don't think that this gives the manufacturer or seller the write to be dishonest about its functionality. The specs is not consistent with what is actually written in description. Whenever you download apps it goes direct to internal memory, so you have limited storage for other stuff. The real sad part is that they tell you that u can add additional storage via a sd card. Because of what they say I purchased a 32g the same time. To my surprised,when I try to transfer videos /files to my sd card it failed. I even try to reformat card on a desk top,load files and videos on card first, then placed back in device.after that, it's telling me,"not compatible. The volume is also very poor,more like a head phone speaker. Even a cheap cell phone speaker is louder than this. I also purchase a 4g lte g7 version,so I will see if they lied about that one also Very frustrating.
R1BHJ9K776095E	5.0	but up to now its hss proved to be a good tablet. Excellent for the price	0	1	Heve not played with it a lot, but up to now its hss proved to be a good tablet. Excellent for the price. Nothing against it yet.
R2S2Q5N0KDRM84	3.0	reasonable power, terribad screen	0	2	I returned this becuase I don't like the IPS screen. Also, it has software nVbar which eats up massive amounts of the terrible 1024*600 screen. The other hardware, like the CPU and GPU are pretty great, and the touchscreen is multitouch. I just realized that I could spend twice as much and get a tablet 8 times as good.
