R27E04YNNBMHGK	5.0	Best iPad Mini yet	16	18	I've really liked the iPad mini from the start but in the beginning they were filled with old parts and the speed and capabilities left a good deal to be desired. As they came along they added better screens, then better processors, then touch id, then more RAM. The iPad Mini 4 is wonderfully compact while offering a fast and powerful tablet with very good battery life. With the new hardware they have enabled true side by side multitasking which may have come late to Apple products but it works great and is a welcome addition. It is just a great tablet in general. The screen looks amazing and especially compared to older model Mini's. The processor makes everything very quick and snappy. The added RAM makes multitasking and using a bunch of different apps usable and viable. The new rear camera is improved and you can now even take slow motion video with it although I personally never use the cameras on my tablet. One of the best features for me has always been the battery life. I've owned a few different iPad's now and have always been impressed by the battery life. I don't think I've had a single one that gave me under 10 hours of battery life if not a few hours more. This iPad is no different. Is it the tablet for you? Maybe. If you're in the Apple Ecosystem already, if you are coming from an iPad Mini 1 or 2, if you have an iPhone and want your first tablet, if the price of admission doesn't bother you, then yes. If you're not in the Apple ecosystem and you just want a good tablet, there are definitely other options with similar features. The Nexus tablets have always been very functional and capable at very reasonable prices. The surface tablets are super functional and capable at a range in prices. What it comes down to is use and what you're using and willing to spend. If you're like me and regularly use a desktop at home and a tablet for travel or for sitting in front of the tv playing games, checking and writing email. looking at pictures, or surfing the internet, then you can't go wrong with this iPad or a comparable Nexus. Even the $50 fire tablet would be a great general use tablet and impossible to beat at that price point. If you use laptops and want to replace it with a tablet pc, then the Surface Pro or even the new Surface Book will nicely fill that roll. The iPad Pro might also do that but the jury is still out on that one. In general this is a great upgrade for the iPad Mini and it is easy to recommend if the price doesn't bother you. UPDATE: Still enjoying the new Mini but wanted to point out that the lock rotation switch has been removed from this version of the mini. I actually found it really convenient to use on the older Mini's whereas now you have to enable and disable it through the OS like you would on the iPhone. Not enough to dock a point for but something worth mentioning. This is a review of the iPad Mini 4 Space Grey 64GB wifi version and just for the device itself and not from this seller.
R2I8FV14PR4U8K	5.0	Naturally the best iPad Mini yet	19	23	As was pointed out to me this iPad mini 4 ships with iOS 9 not iOS 4 like the description states. I've really liked the iPad mini from the start but in the beginning they were filled with old parts and the speed and capabilities left a good deal to be desired. As they came along they added better screens, then better processors, then touch id, then more RAM. The iPad Mini 4 is wonderfully compact while offering a fast and powerful tablet with very good battery life. With the new hardware they have enabled true side by side multitasking which may have come late to Apple products but it works great and is a welcome addition. It is just a great tablet in general. The screen looks amazing and especially compared to older model Mini's. The processor makes everything very quick and snappy. The added RAM makes multitasking and using a bunch of different apps usable and viable. The new rear camera is improved and you can now even take slow motion video with it although I personally never use the cameras on my tablet. One of the best features for me has always been the battery life. I've owned a few different iPad's now and have always been impressed by the battery life. I don't think I've had a single one that gave me under 10 hours of battery life if not a few hours more. This iPad is no different. Is it the tablet for you? Maybe. If you're in the Apple Ecosystem already, if you are coming from an iPad Mini 1 or 2, if you have an iPhone and want your first tablet, if the price of admission doesn't bother you, then yes. If you're not in the Apple ecosystem and you just want a good tablet, there are definitely other options with similar features. The Nexus tablets have always been very functional and capable at very reasonable prices. The surface tablets are super functional and capable at a range in prices. What it comes down to is use and what you're using and willing to spend. If you're like me and regularly use a desktop at home and a tablet for travel or for sitting in front of the tv playing games, checking and writing email. looking at pictures, or surfing the internet, then you can't go wrong with this iPad or a comparable Nexus. Even the $50 fire tablet would be a great general use tablet and impossible to beat at that price point. If you use laptops and want to replace it with a tablet pc, then the Surface Pro or even the new Surface Book will nicely fill that roll. The iPad Pro might also do that but the jury is still out on that one. In general this is a great upgrade for the iPad Mini and it is easy to recommend if the price doesn't bother you. UPDATE: Still enjoying the new Mini but wanted to point out that the lock rotation switch has been removed from this version of the mini. I actually found it really convenient to use on the older Mini's whereas now you have to enable and disable it through the OS like you would on the iPhone. Not enough to dock a point for but something worth mentioning. Sorry I should note that this was just a review of the product (iPad Mini 4). Not from this seller at the marked up price.
R3QXB2TO6KY0KI	5.0	Great Tablet	5	5	Best tablet I've tried. I've always been loyal to Kindle Fire and if they worked well consistently they'd still be my first choice, but the 2014 fire 8.9 hdx that I have freezes constantly -- I have to do a hard re-start at least 4 time a day, so I decided to try this tablet (I have an Ipad Mini 2, but it is way too slow and I often have to hit links 2 or 3 times before they work when online, which aggravates my neck and wrist problems and is just annoying). This tablet is much better than the Mini 2, and for me, better than the Ipad Air 2 (the larger size caused problems with my wrists when holding it). There are a few annoying things about this tablet (no tablet is perfect) like no back button and missing some of the android apps I use a lot and I'm very disappointed they used a slower processor than the one in the Air 2, but overall it is a great tablet (and I've never been an Apple person). I did have to spend more money than I would have liked purchasing necessary apps because all my apps are for android (and most of the time the Apple apps are much more expensive than their android counterparts. For example one app that I use daily is $3.99 at Google Play and Amazon and it's been offered several times as a free app of the day by Amazon, but through itunes it was $9.99, which I think is ridiculous and was one of the reasons I avoided Apple products for so long), but even with all that I would highly recommend this tablet.
R13GTXLOJQ7YFL	5.0	Best iPad mini Yet	10	13	I've really liked the iPad mini from the start but in the beginning they were filled with old parts and the speed and capabilities left a good deal to be desired. As they came along they added better screens, then better processors, then touch id, then more RAM. The iPad Mini 4 is wonderfully compact while offering a fast and powerful tablet with very good battery life. With the new hardware they have enabled true side by side multitasking which may have come late to Apple products but it works great and is a welcome addition. It is just a great tablet in general. The screen looks amazing and especially compared to older model Mini's. The processor makes everything very quick and snappy. The added RAM makes multitasking and using a bunch of different apps usable and viable. The new rear camera is improved and you can now even take slow motion video with it although I personally never use the cameras on my tablet. One of the best features for me has always been the battery life. I've owned a few different iPad's now and have always been impressed by the battery life. I don't think I've had a single one that gave me under 10 hours of battery life if not a few hours more. This iPad is no different. Is it the tablet for you? Maybe. If you're in the Apple Ecosystem already, if you are coming from an iPad Mini 1 or 2, if you have an iPhone and want your first tablet, if the price of admission doesn't bother you, then yes. If you're not in the Apple ecosystem and you just want a good tablet, there are definitely other options with similar features. The Nexus tablets have always been very functional and capable at very reasonable prices. The surface tablets are super functional and capable at a range in prices. What it comes down to is use and what you're using and willing to spend. If you're like me and regularly use a desktop at home and a tablet for travel or for sitting in front of the tv playing games, checking and writing email. looking at pictures, or surfing the internet, then you can't go wrong with this iPad or a comparable Nexus. Even the $50 fire tablet would be a great general use tablet and impossible to beat at that price point. If you use laptops and want to replace it with a tablet pc, then the Surface Pro or even the new Surface Book will nicely fill that roll. The iPad Pro might also do that but the jury is still out on that one. In general this is a great upgrade for the iPad Mini and it is easy to recommend if the price doesn't bother you. UPDATE: Still enjoying the new Mini but wanted to point out that the lock rotation switch has been removed from this version of the mini. I actually found it really convenient to use on the older Mini's whereas now you have to enable and disable it through the OS like you would on the iPhone. Not enough to dock a point for but something worth mentioning. This is a review of the iPad Mini 4 Space Grey 64GB wifi version and just for the device itself and not from this seller.
RIPSKI5RNDSI3	5.0	Best iPad Mini Yet	5	6	I've really liked the iPad mini from the start but in the beginning they were filled with old parts and the speed and capabilities left a good deal to be desired. As they came along they added better screens, then better processors, then touch id, then more RAM. The iPad Mini 4 is wonderfully compact while offering a fast and powerful tablet with very good battery life. With the new hardware they have enabled true side by side multitasking which may have come late to Apple products but it works great and is a welcome addition. It is just a great tablet in general. The screen looks amazing and especially compared to older model Mini's. The processor makes everything very quick and snappy. The added RAM makes multitasking and using a bunch of different apps usable and viable. The new rear camera is improved and you can now even take slow motion video with it although I personally never use the cameras on my tablet. One of the best features for me has always been the battery life. I've owned a few different iPad's now and have always been impressed by the battery life. I don't think I've had a single one that gave me under 10 hours of battery life if not a few hours more. This iPad is no different. Is it the tablet for you? Maybe. If you're in the Apple Ecosystem already, if you are coming from an iPad Mini 1 or 2, if you have an iPhone and want your first tablet, if the price of admission doesn't bother you, then yes. If you're not in the Apple ecosystem and you just want a good tablet, there are definitely other options with similar features. The Nexus tablets have always been very functional and capable at very reasonable prices. The surface tablets are super functional and capable at a range in prices. What it comes down to is use and what you're using and willing to spend. If you're like me and regularly use a desktop at home and a tablet for travel or for sitting in front of the tv playing games, checking and writing email. looking at pictures, or surfing the internet, then you can't go wrong with this iPad or a comparable Nexus. Even the $50 fire tablet would be a great general use tablet and impossible to beat at that price point. If you use laptops and want to replace it with a tablet pc, then the Surface Pro or even the new Surface Book will nicely fill that roll. The iPad Pro might also do that but the jury is still out on that one. In general this is a great upgrade for the iPad Mini and it is easy to recommend if the price doesn't bother you. UPDATE: Still enjoying the new Mini but wanted to point out that the lock rotation switch has been removed from this version of the mini. I actually found it really convenient to use on the older Mini's whereas now you have to enable and disable it through the OS like you would on the iPhone. Not enough to dock a point for but something worth mentioning. Sorry I should note that this was just a review of the product (iPad Mini 4). Not from this seller.
RWF9CP9CDW93A	5.0	Best iPad Mini Yet	5	6	I've really liked the iPad mini from the start but in the beginning they were filled with old parts and the speed and capabilities left a good deal to be desired. As they came along they added better screens, then better processors, then touch id, then more RAM. The iPad Mini 4 is wonderfully compact while offering a fast and powerful tablet with very good battery life. With the new hardware they have enabled true side by side multitasking which may have come late to Apple products but it works great and is a welcome addition. It is just a great tablet in general. The screen looks amazing and especially compared to older model Mini's. The processor makes everything very quick and snappy. The added RAM makes multitasking and using a bunch of different apps usable and viable. The new rear camera is improved and you can now even take slow motion video with it although I personally never use the cameras on my tablet. One of the best features for me has always been the battery life. I've owned a few different iPad's now and have always been impressed by the battery life. I don't think I've had a single one that gave me under 10 hours of battery life if not a few hours more. This iPad is no different. Is it the tablet for you? Maybe. If you're in the Apple Ecosystem already, if you are coming from an iPad Mini 1 or 2, if you have an iPhone and want your first tablet, if the price of admission doesn't bother you, then yes. If you're not in the Apple ecosystem and you just want a good tablet, there are definitely other options with similar features. The Nexus tablets have always been very functional and capable at very reasonable prices. The surface tablets are super functional and capable at a range in prices. What it comes down to is use and what you're using and willing to spend. If you're like me and regularly use a desktop at home and a tablet for travel or for sitting in front of the tv playing games, checking and writing email. looking at pictures, or surfing the internet, then you can't go wrong with this iPad or a comparable Nexus. Even the $50 fire tablet would be a great general use tablet and impossible to beat at that price point. If you use laptops and want to replace it with a tablet pc, then the Surface Pro or even the new Surface Book will nicely fill that roll. The iPad Pro might also do that but the jury is still out on that one. In general this is a great upgrade for the iPad Mini and it is easy to recommend if the price doesn't bother you. This is a review of the iPad Mini 4 Space Grey 64GB wifi version and just for the device itself and not from this seller.
RE536RT4NG1E6	5.0	the iPad is awesome. The installation was a nightmare	2	2	Ok, the iPad is awesome. The installation was a nightmare. It got stuck on a "slide to update" window. I had to use old computer to google this glitch in installation which is apparently very common with iOS 9. I had to connect with cable to PC, download iTunes and iCloud then upgrade the iPad via iTunes and the PC before it worked. It took close to three hours to install due to this glitch. Now it works perfectly.
R3W4EPNHKXPW4Y	5.0	great!	2	2	this is by far the best screen resolution i have seen in awhile. it beats the ipad mini 3. fast. clean. beautiful. it works the same as any other ipad so not much more i can think to add. now about the price here. this should retail (msrp) 599.99 for a 128gb with wifi only. don't be taken by those trying to sell it for more.
R3BXV197Z22H4B	5.0	New ipad	2	2	Love my new iPad mini! It is easy to maneuver through and great to read my Kindle books on.
RBSOC9B8HASYS	4.0	Four Stars	2	2	Perfect size, but the iPad shuts off and on by itself. Hopefully, it will work normal.
RNGN5XEP4UUHW	5.0	No tablet like Apple iPad Mini 4	1	1	No tablet like Apple iPad Mini 4, this one is fast, small and the retina screen just plain rocks. i love it.
R1P9T467ATI5MX	5.0	Unbeatable quality and value	0	0	Quality is top of the line. And it's built rock-solid. Well worth the money, because it should last for years, aging gracefully. And, as with most Apple products, it's ridiculously easy to use. The mini size is perfect for those using an iPad on the go, or just those wanting something they an comfortably use for long periods of time.
R1TI40TAMYR8HJ	5.0	awesome, got this as a gift and it came ...	2	3	awesome, got this as a gift and it came earlier than anticipated. Its legit, Brand New Mini 4 as advertise. AWESOME!!!
RF8LWSDKG39EM	5.0	Almost (but not all) of previously purchased apps transfer nicely. A wonderful early Christmas present	0	0	Much easier to slip into a purse and take along. Almost (but not all) of previously purchased apps transfer nicely. A wonderful early Christmas present.
R2XDJM4WV3C7T5	5.0	Very Pleased	2	3	Love my new mini. Just the right size for reading, surfing the web, or watching videos or movies.
R2I8AS0W0BOEEK	5.0	Finally have my iPad!!!	1	2	I have wanted an iPad for a long time. This iPad mini 4 is great!
RRQP5L63HLABL	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	I have a IPad Air 2 and I purchased the mini for when I travel!
R2K3VZ110C9FHR	5.0	Five Stars	0	1	Enjoying it much!
RO9DE2U11Z1JB	5.0	Its great. No complaints.	0	2	I have a love hate relationship with apple. But this is a nice tablet. Although I might not keep it for long. I'm already to much invested on android.
R2Y40FASQU927B	5.0	This is the Apple of my eyes :)	0	2	Love it. So glad I decided to buy it
R2VN0LYJEHR91F	3.0	Three Stars	3	8	Had I known there is no flash on the camera I wouldn't have purchased this product
R1SMAW10QA1G2E	4.0	I love the case	2	11	I love the case, however, I'm very disappointed that it arrived here two days later than it was supposed to. With my prime membership, I was supposed to receive it on Monday nov 2. I did not get it till Wednesday nov 4. It's not that big of a deal, but I've never experienced this kind of delay before (especially with my prime account). As for the case, the magnets aren't as strong as I thought they would be. The case is pretty and nice, but I wish the magnets were stronger. It's a decent case and protects my iPad mini 4 pretty well. I just hope it will hold up over a long period of time.
