R3U4B7N3HQIQD4	5.0	The New Standard in Budget Tablets	27	33	 Read before watching: This is my 4th budget 7inch tablet. These tablets fall into the budget tablet category. The tablets that i'm comparing the NeuTab against are priced $65 or less. What stands out the most is the viewing angles on the IPS screen. They are absolutely stellar. I use these tablets as digital photo frames and Spotify remotes. Just two strips of velcro will get them to stick almost anywhere. In my video the NeuTab is the leftmost tablet. It's clear that the angles are drastically different. I love these as connected photo frames and the expanded viewing angle really makes images pop. Android 5.0 is slick. The interface is revamped and cleaned up. I review lots of items on Amazon and as a result companies send me their products to review. Generally this means that I have the opportunity to test more of a specific product than the Average consumer. I've owned and tested over 15 tablets so please understand two things: 1) I have tested much of the competition. This means I can answer questions for you. 2) I received this product in exchange for this review. I don't need another tablet so please don't assume that i'm writing a positive review just to get the product. I don't take the time out of my day for that. The video shows the NeuTab viewing angles compared to similarly priced tablets. I will continue to test this tablet and if any issues arise I will be sure to report them. I also typically respond to questions within 48 hours so please feel free to ask questions below. Update 11/3: Preloaded apps: Before I get into what's preloaded, the benefit is in what ISN'T. A lot of budget tablets come with "explorer", a web-browser that never sat well with me. Other tablets also are blatantly rooted with random apps that I always try to delete. Installed List: Android Stock: Calculator, Calendar, Camera, Chrome, Clock, Contacts, Gmail, Google Play, Google Settings, Maps, Photos, Play Music, Play Store, Voice Search, YouTube Other: Downloads, Settings, Sound recorder, ES File Explorer Thank you for reading!
R1FQYDWVWRWH5Y	5.0	Replacement for my outdated Kindle Fire...I like the NeuTab better!	12	15	I've had an original Kindle Fire for a few years now, but felt it was time to replace it. Mainly I wanted something for reading comic books on Marvel Unlimited (which the Kindle Fire cannot do), and for general web browsing / YouTube. I don't play games so I can't say whether or not specific games will or won't work on here. I just wanted something for casual use. With that said, I absolutely LOVE this tablet! Best bang for the buck, by far. I actually like it 100 times better than my old Kindle. The screen size is roughly the same (the NeuTab screen may be just a smidge...1/8 of an inch at the most...narrower than the Fire). Its much lighter weight. The Kindle Fire weighed nearly a pound, while the NeuTab weights approximatley 9 ounces. So its much more comfortable laying in bed and reading on here without my wrists getting cramped. I like the fact it has a mini SD Card slot, and you can charge the device using either the DC port or a standard USB adapter like you use for your cell phone or other devices. I actually prefer charging through the USB port, but the DC port works fine as well. I really have no complaints about this product. If anything, I would add a suggestion...I'd like to see an LED light of some sort to show when new Facebook messages come in, or to tell me when my device is charging. If you have $200 to blow on a toy, then maybe you should look at a Samsung. But if you're like me living from paycheck to paycheck and just need a casual device for web browsing and reading, this NeuTab is perfect. I'd gladly buy another NeuTab product in a heartbeat.
R3FT713BUEZ3I1	5.0	Basic and FAST	16	21	 HD version of video on YouTube, search for: Kilgore NeuTab N7s Link to HD version on YouTube is in the first comment for this review. Tablets keep getting both cheaper and better and this is a great example of exactly that. My favorite feature is that there is a dedicated power port which means you can plug a flash drive with media into the micro-USB port and still be able to run this tethered without using the battery. Some other budget tablets use a single micro-USB port for both power/charging AND data exchange. The speed of this tablet is very noticeable. I bought a similar sized unit from a different company two years ago, and the delays for loading apps and accessing network information was palpable. The video shows real time use of YouTube and Google Maps with Street View. In both cases you're seeing these without any cached information. The only speed issue you should consider is that it does take about 40 seconds to boot up, which isn't atypical. The speaker is nothing to brag about, again, that's typical. I had no problem connecting with a set of Bluetooth headphones which is probably what I'd recommend. The screen is IPS which appears to be pretty standard now. What this means is you get an outstanding flexibility to view at almost any angle. Note that this does not have GPS installed. Also, the cameras are serviceable, again, typical for this class of budget unit. HIGHLY recommended as a basic utility tablet. Nice small footprint for travel and vacation. NeuTab puts out a small line of tablets with minor variations between them. This one is their smallest and lightest (9 ounces!). I really like the fact that they don't include any bloatware. I get VERY annoyed at having to get rid of unwanted apps (and they don't always go away). Manufacturer sent me a test unit for review, no other remuneration, no review requirements.
R18F0SCHNMRV7Y	2.0	Suggested for People Who Are Not Tablet Users	2	2	I received this table in the mail, for the price, it certainly is not that bad. If you read books with apps and only want to then this app is perfect, it's clear enough to read books and looks great on the screen size. First the brightness beware, you can literally turn this screen to jet black which is odd so do not turn it all the way down. The screen will began to flash when you plug it in if you do so. The battery is built in, you can not take apart the back, so if the battery goes bad , you can't fix it. That being said I personally did not like this device. The tablet I ordered began to flash orange and red lines when I watched videos on it for long periods of time. Display: The display has a grayish screen tint to it which makes you feel like you can peel back the casing to expose a brighter screen. I've even used some Chinese phones (I own one now) with great displays that could put flagships devices to shame. I would compare the screen to a the first generation 2012 smartphone. When the screen is tipped back the color does not go inverse which is a pro so you can view it from any angle. You can see the dots in the icons and you will see a few jagged edges and if looking at gradient coloring (looks like 2005 internet graphics), you will see the colors do not blend smoothly. Speed: I played Does Not Commute and used the internet to browse pages and it didn't freeze at all. It is slightly slow on the internet. You can run about six apps at once without noticing a lag. I had mainly language learning apps Dualingo and heavy messengers like Line running. If watching a movie, you will notice the lack of quality in the display screen. Keyboard lags a bit when typing and is not fast, you will have to clear the RAM a lot. When watching a movie, you will notice a slight lag to it. Sound: Is not as bad as everyone makes it. It sounds a little tinny which is expected but you can still listen to a few good classical songs and hear the music. If you are not expecting a giant speaker to blare music from and use headphones, then this works. Camera: quality is awful, imagine 2nd generation web cameras. It gets the job done, this is perfectly for people who want to watch a Youtube video here and there, want to look up something on the internet and then use a few messaging apps, maybe play a few light games and maybe even one heavier game. Not for people who are used to retina displays, using Samsung or used to looking at bright colors or high resolution screens. 2.5/5.0
REM465Y0Q9M13	4.0	I am a housewife and a mom on a budget..	3	3	I was looking for a tablet i can easly take with me to shopping ,traveling and reading books. I am happy with the purchase since I am on a budget and look for the best think I can get and last long for me to say it was worth buying. I only have it for a day and will see how I will lime it.
R2U32ST0D15SYT	5.0	More than Expected	2	2	Well, I expected to receive a very limited, basic tablet at the selling price. Boy, was I surprised. Far exceeds my expectations. I would recommend the tablet to anyone. Full of features, well made, easy to use. The Neutab N&S Pro 7 Inch unit is great. Only negative was not enough volume --- but I have a current hearing issue (my fault). Don't hesitate to order one.
RX9HOCT7M0M0P	5.0	Excellent budget tab@cheap price	1	1	I bought this tab for my daughter.This is having more features.It has a mini SD Card slot, and you can charge the device using either the DC port or a standard USB adapter like you use for your cell phone or other devices. I actually prefer charging through the USB port, but the DC port works fine as well.this option wont available in other tablets. I really have no complaints about this product. I would like to add a suggestion...I'd like to see an LED light of some sort to show to tell me when my device is charging. Camara piture quality need to be improved,I have actually Samsung and apple tabls.I bought this just for my daughter and once i saw the feature , I'd gladly buy another NeuTab product in a heartbeat.I have suggested my all friends this tab.They are also willing to by this product soo.Thanks@Neutab.
R3QGCOERREY8GY	5.0	Awesome	1	1	For 50 dollars this tablet is amazing! I've been using it a few days for games, movies and Web surfing. It is very fast and smooth operation. Haven't noticed any lag. Completely recommend it for someone looking for a table to game on, watch movies and surf the Web. One thing I couldn't find was a task killer on it. It does come with one but you have to install it. Go to apps and click on es file explorer. There is a es task manager that you can install and it works great. The battery could last longer but for 50 bux can not complain. Also I had to set the time zone when I got it. If you looking for a tablet for your kids it's great for games and for the things I use it for works great very happy =) thinking about getting another for my husband that keeps using it
R3V9YHQGUO0FPG	5.0	Good device for a good deal.	1	1	Everything I expected about this product was delivered when I got my hands on this tablet. The screen is as advertised, the thinness and portability and small size is exactly what I wanted, so I can carry it anywhere especially since I'm a student it is ideal. The app store and OS works the way I've come to expect with many other quality android devices (like my LG Optimus phone) and it is very satisfying. And for its budget price, it is a great deal.
R18MOQPCA6OMVY	3.0	Decent tablet upon first inspection.	3	4	Decent tablet upon first inspection. Nice looking screen and decent specifications for the price. Shortly after using the unit, it froze up and the battery became very warm. It had to be hard shut down and reset to factory settings before it was usable again. Once the unit was finally back up and running, the screen was not very responsive and the unit had a lot of lag. Not confident in the longevity of this tab. Sadly, I'm returning my unit.
R2A4GP6HCN210H	5.0	web browsing is easy, and I love the book reading feature not ...	1	1	I found this tablet to be everything that I need in a tablet, bright screen and touch sensitive touch screen. I have owned a 7" tablet before but this one surpasses my previous one in every function, web browsing is easy, and I love the book reading feature not to mention that I love the fact that Google play store was already added to this tablet....well worth the money, I am completely satisfied.
RBOWC713Q4DDS	5.0	Needed an Android device, this is perfect	1	1	I ordered this because I needed a low cost Android compatible device. I have a Kindle Fire HDX and Windows phone but neither are Android. Was really impressed with what I got for the cost. Does everything I need and has become my favorite go-to device. Quick shipping, I use this device for traveling, came with screen protector, charger and com cable.
R3TMBS02X63J66	1.0	NOT happy	1	1	It forced me out of almost all apps I run, even facebook.I did a reset as instructed to clear caches. It indeed works a little better after that, but I can't keep resetting, then keep downloading all my apps. Too many troubles, not happy
RKA3EURKBHLWB	5.0	Great little tablet with a very clear picture and fast ...	1	1	Great little tablet with a very clear picture and fast response times. It is very user friendly and light weight. Wonderful product and I love that it has the google playstore app already on the home page.
RV1JDAC0M5O7R	2.0	Two Stars	1	1	Ordered four, two came dead on arrival. There is a note in the packing - if one writes a good review gets a little bribe -a protection sleeve. So you may wonder if the good reviews are really genuine.
R2ALQ3S8XPQYLS	5.0	Great tablet for the price glad I can save my ...	1	1	Great tablet for the price glad I can save my phone battery and put all my apps on my tablet. Just overall great
R1LP5UDXOMJKYY	5.0	Worth twice the price, get it quick before they catch on!	0	0	I am very satisfied with the quality and price of this excellent little tablet. I find the features and ease of operation to be outstanding. I did not expect such a quality tablet at this price point, however, I was wrong. The screen resolution combined with the wifi and Bluetooth features makes this one of my best purchases. I can now access Google Apps without having to sideload them on my Kindle Fire HDX tablet, The tablet comes loaded with some useful Apps, such as Netflix, YouTube and Google play store. I streamed Netflix videos and encountered no lag and I surfed the web seamlessly. I highly recommend this tablet.
R3ME889J7CWZ95	5.0	Nice performance and features at a low cost	5	8	PROs + Quad-core processor: I found the interface on this tablet to be surprisingly smooth. While the tablet does pack a quad-core processor, it is not top-of-the-line. However, I found general web surfing and app loading to be surprisingly good. Some games do run choppier than they would on other tablets, but the Subway Surfers game showed in my video performed very well. For those interested, the GeekBench multicore score came in at 847. + Android 5.1: This tablet comes with Android's latest Lollipop 5.1 operating system, which helps contributes to the tablet's good performance. + Storage: This tablet comes with 8GB of storage. If that's not enough space, you can expand the storage with inexpensive Micro SD cards, like the ones you would use in your phone and some digital cameras. The slot is located on the back of the unit. + 1 GB of RAM: Many tablets at this price point only have 512MB of RAM, so I'm happy to see that this tablet has double the amount. This helps speed up web page loading and switching between applications. + Display: I'm impressed that a tablet at this price point comes with an IPS display (meaning, it is viewable at an angle). The screen is also very colorful and has a decent 1024x600 resolution for web browsing and many games. It doesn't have a Retina resolution, but it is widescreen and works fine for watching Netflix and YouTube. + Two cameras: I couldn't locate the specs of the cameras, but there is a camera on both the front and the back. Low light performance is not great. I wouldn't depend on taking stellar photos or videos with the cameras, but it's nice to have the option to grab a quick snapshot or perform a video call. + Compact size: There is not a lot of bulk with this tablet, which makes it very portable if you're always on the go. + Bluetooth: Bluetooth is also included in this tablet, allowing you to pair it to devices such as a Bluetooth speaker for Pandora streaming, for example. CONs - GeekBench score: The GeekBench score is on the low side, so complex web pages and games may take more time to load or performance may be slow. However, for basic gaming, web browsing, social media apps, etc, this tablet works fine. - Camera quality: The performance of the cameras in low light is poor, and can make indoor video calls problematic. - Build quality: The plastic casing feels a little cheap and not very durable, but then again, this is a budget tablet. Overall, I'm impressed by the performance of this unit given its low price tag. While it's not as powerful as many other tablets, it is great for kids to play basic games or for adults who want to browse the web and read e-books. * A free review sample was provided to me, and I strive to provide an unbiased and useful review to help you make an informed decision.
R3HIY9VF5IF68T	1.0	Keep shopping.	0	0	Returning it today. After several days couldn't get connected to Wi-Fi and impossible to reach customer support -- that being one of the described features in the product description and a major selling point. Online manual offered no assistance on any level, this coming from a reasonably techy person. This was a gift and it flopped. Very disappointing.
R1EZHWL9MH2FKL	5.0	Cute little tablet	0	0	Great little tablet, fits in my hand easily, though smaller in size than I expected. Comes with a screen protector pre-applied so no bubbles. Make sure to get a hard case for the tablet, it may not withstand a fall to a hard surface. Very happy with the product and it serves well for the purpose I purchased it for (occasional use and web browsing).
R10RUNE44VRNF2	5.0	winner	1	1	this is the best 7inch I ever see
R2400SQZC5XJ18	4.0	Four Stars	1	1	Great product for the price!
RIM3P6OBAWHPJ	5.0	Works great.	0	0	Came in the mail in two days. It appears to be working as advertised. I just got it today so I don't know how long the battery will last or if I will have future problems, but so far everything is working fine.
R1HR2M4LCKMLPR	1.0	Battery HOT	2	3	Charged it for 5 hours, both tablet and charger get very hot. My daughter cried and said she doesn't like it now. Planning to return it
R263ZCEUVNLDR6	4.0	Had to get my own.	0	0	Very happy with both the tablet and the delivery service. My sister had brought one and was very happy with it. I use hers a couple of times and liked it, and decided to get my own.
R1JM1YNVX3HSG0	1.0	You get what you pay for	0	0	I am extremely disappointed with this pos and am returning it. Totally unacceptable. Half of my registered apps wont install. You get what you Pay for - nothing.
R31V0L2FIID7NW	2.0	Does not look that great. It does its function but if I have ...	0	0	Avg product, the screen is made of plastic material. Does not look that great. It does its function but if I have to recommend then I would not do that.
R2SC5U5K192GT7	5.0	My new tablet is cool. Compact & Fast	0	0	My new tablet is cool. Compact & Fast. I was able to download apps quickly and in a secure manner. My first with Amazon Your the best.
RDD2JEB0T4VCC	5.0	the new tab	0	0	this tablet uses a quadcore processor and Ips screen. The ram is 1gb! Usually you will only find 512mb ram like DT tablets.
R1O163UNCDATLS	4.0	Seems like a good deal	0	0	Seems a great buy for the money. Does everything I need it for and pretty fast. Charge time is about 2.5hrs. No problems.
RYOGCTQF7ZPPY	1.0	Ruined my surprise	3	5	Bought this tiny tablet for girl friend. Wanted to give her a surprice, so I placed the order and got it sent to her directly.Right out of the case. colored lines on the display. She did a factory reset but was told by somebody professional in her office said the LCD is broken. .WOW NeuTab, you want to surprise me?
R1EWHFBQB83ATT	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Excellent product. I did think it has a HDMI OUTPUT BUT THAT WAS OPTIONAL . I STILL LOVE IT
R27Y4MDNBJJ6N8	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	arrived on time and seems to work great. great screen definition. good battery life.
RDCOYGWDKWVOU	5.0	great value tablet	0	0	for the price, do not expect too much. But if you want a light company, that’s it.
R2VJFOIIA1ZSQM	1.0	Untrustworthy company	1	2	Good thing this item is now unavailable. Save some other unlucky people from buying it. at this point, I would not trust any Neutab product, or their employees. First one I got wouldn't power up or charge at all. I contacted the company. They sent a "new" replacement. It seemed suspiciously like it was not new, and, while it did power up, it also didn't work.
R1LKAREF8DM756	5.0	this tablet is very nice	0	0	I use it to watch youtube videos and I do not have any concerns
RTS9X6Z2QF2YK	5.0	they love it	0	0	I got two for kids. I like how this tablet keeps them busy
R4WE45WC3QYLR	5.0	nice piece	0	0	this is light and portable. So far it had not failed.
R27Q3Y6QHN7QX3	5.0	a kicker	0	0	this tablet kicks out the others. The best quadcore!
R121BPISUYU7KI	4.0	Great Product! Easy to use and very light weight	0	0	Great Product! Easy to use and very light weight.
R2UOIYSUYYZIJV	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	Very happy with purchase. As described in listing.
R1XUUJPZYNTIT1	4.0	Four Stars	0	0	just what I was looking for. just the rite price.
R2HK01B80DAE8W	5.0	bettery nice	0	0	this tablet has a long stand-by time. Yeah
R36ZFZLAXEAFW3	2.0	5.1 system not stable	0	0	it's new but turns out not that stable.
R2X5QHZAERQQ8I	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	nice tablet bought for a specific use
R2STQ2EAP4ON6Y	5.0	im happy	0	0	the happy little tablet for my son
R14Q9C6O2FI7CL	1.0	1 star	1	2	was thinking to give 2 stars because I could at leaset I could get it light up, just no sound while playing music. But now I can't even get it power on or charge.
R3V6Y8S2KKUG32	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	the best budget tablet.
R3ICBRNCL29YU5	5.0	Five Stars	0	0	neutab N7S is a winner!
R2OKNLYZPVOOVO	5.0	anotherone	0	0	second one from Neutab.
R39UUBXGMX6YUI	2.0	Not good	0	0	Not worth the money
R27VFTECCSB6HS	2.0	Not much to say	1	2	Sister is 10, she likes it but I hope I spent a little more for a better one.
R22VTUMBOR0MAB	5.0	great product.	0	0	great product.
R14S5IB1IPW242	1.0	Not Recommended	3	5	Doesn't take charge!!!
R3A8VEDCHIVCQ7	4.0	Overall, impressed!	0	1	Surprisingly good! The reviews were right! Low speakers, but it's a tablet. Overall, impressed!
R39MMHVQAMK1G3	1.0	Not even 1 star	0	1	Bad. Returned , refunded, it doesn't even derve my 1 star
